Everyone Knows I M A Good Person

Arc 1: I'm an Invader

 "Di Di Di -" 

Shi Qing stood in front of the hospital bed and looked at the man lying on it. The man looked very good, but his face was pale, and his body was almost full of medical machinery. The doctor was still sweating. 

And the voice representing the countdown of life was still coming into his ears, and there was a garrulous voice reading: "host, do you really refuse me to do the task? If you don't do it, you will die. It's very simple to guard the air carrier and let him go down the original route without causing suspicion from the other party. " 

When seeing when clear or a face does not care to look at is being rescued of their own, it worried, "host, you promise me, until finished the task, your body will live." 

Shi Qing: "if you don't do it, I want to die. Go away." 

The system is about to cry, "we are bound, you do not take the task, I will die with you, please, do the task, super simple, big deal, big deal, I give you a golden finger, let you every world cattle criticism, OK?" 

Shi Qing: "ha ha." 

He pointed to himself on the bed. "I'm good enough myself. You see now." 

It's not lying in a hospital bed and being slaughtered. 

The system is really going to cry. In the past, I only heard that once the host was bound to the system, he was overjoyed to do the task immediately, but I have never seen its host so eager to die. 

"I'll give you the biggest golden finger! Every time you come to the new world, you are in a high position and no one dares to provoke you! " 

Standing on the edge of the bed, Qingqing glanced at the past, "is that it?" 

System: "woo woo, woo woo, I only have so many permissions. Even the biggest golden finger will have an impact..." 

See it only care about crying, no longer throw out all kinds of conditions to lure themselves, when Qing this just believe it can open the biggest condition is here, directly stretched out his hand, "go." 

The crying system froze, "ah?" 

When Qing looked down at the small ball, "not to say to do the task, go." 

"Oh, oh!! Go, go, go 

The surprise came so suddenly that the system didn't think much about it, so it flew to Shiqing's hand and left the world with it. 

Open your eyes again, it's in the mission space, and I don't know how Shiqing knows that everything here is decided by the host. In less than three seconds, there will be sea beach sunshine in the mission space. 

And its host is very comfortable lying on the beach chair, wearing sunglasses, holding a coconut and inserting a straw to drink. 

Looking at his comfortable and comfortable appearance, an idea flashed through the system's mind, and asked Shiqing weakly: "host, you didn't agree to me before, didn't you want to make a 3condition?" 

Shi Qing drank a mouthful of coconut juice, but he did not deny: "for the unknown, of course, we should first ensure that we can obtain the maximum benefits." 

System: "but my attitude is so good..." 

"No matter how good the attitude is, it's no use not being tied to a boat with me." 

When Qing finished, he ordered a little ball, "don't worry, now I know we are grasshoppers on a boat, and won't do anything to you." 

System: 

Hung by the unknown host for a few days, it has now begun to suspect Tongsheng. 

But no matter how suspicious Tongsheng is, the task still needs to be done. 

At the same time, the system comforts itself that the host is a big guy, which is better than Meng Xin, who can't do anything. At the same time, the system fetches out the first world data and carefully hands it to Shi Qing. 

The data is delivered directly to the brain, and I'm not surprised by this super era thing. I close my eyes and carefully receive the first world information. 

The world itself is a modern novel about fighting monsters. The protagonist, Yin Mingzheng, tells the story of blue stars in the 21st century. It was originally good. Suddenly, one day, the coordinates of blue stars were exposed in the eyes of star predators. A planet with undeveloped technology and good ecological environment, in their eyes, is equivalent to an ownerless thing. 

As a result, the predators invade in a large scale. Their technology is already ahead of blue star, and they are some aggressive species. It is as easy and simple to deal with ordinary people of Bluestar as adults do to babies. 

With the killing of ordinary human beings, more and more human beings have aroused their powers and started to fight back at the same time. The protagonist Yin Mingzheng is the most powerful one among these people who have inspired the power, with high value of force and high value of brain power. 

He set up a base and united his friends with different abilities to fight against the enemy and upgrade them. According to the outline of this book, Yin Ming Zheng should be able to fight a small monster one day and a big one three days a day, and upgrade all the way until the invaders are completely defeated. 

But this book is too real. Readers are willing to make it a small world. In this small world, the predators do not have the stamina to wait for the protagonist to grow up, but constantly invade the blue star. 

The plot has changed, and the main characters have their own personalities. After the predators find that they can't beat the top humans, they start to find another way to create human internal strife, and the struggle for power and profit will not stop under any circumstances. Yin Mingzheng, the protagonist dedicated to human beings, is directly regarded as a thorn in the eye by some people who want to seize power.At the same time, because the world is self-contained and the blue star coordinates are exposed, new invaders will appear soon. According to the world calculation, Yin Mingzheng will die with the second group of invaders. Without his protection, the first group of invaders will easily take the blue star. 

The task of Shiqing is to guard the air carrier Yin Mingzheng, and let him drive away those aggressors, and live to the end according to the outcome. 

The system saw him open his eyes and knew that the host had finished watching it, and immediately prompted: "I will randomly put you on the big people in this world, to ensure that the position and weight go which horizontal, you can see the story of these big people in advance." 

"Is there anything else? Is there only one mission to protect the protagonist? " 

Through these days of getting along, he knew that the system would not lie to him, but he always felt that it was not reliable. 

Sure enough, the system was stunned and said in a panic: "yes, yes, there are other things. The host must pay attention to it. Because the small world is generated around the protagonist, the world consciousness of those who reject the protagonist will also reject it. These exclusion will not affect the local indigenous people, but it will drive the task out. Once the Tasker is driven out, it will be regarded as a mission failure." 

"The first month that the Tasker is put into the small world is the protection period. Even if the protagonist repels the host, the world consciousness will not be aware of it. However, after the protection period, it will be very difficult to do. Therefore, the host must have a good relationship with the protagonist. If the first task fails, the integral will be deducted. If you want to return it, it will be multiplied by 10 times." 

"I see." 

When Qing hit a ring finger, a new coconut appeared in his hand. 

He squinted slightly, not much worried about world eviction. 

In this small world, however, every big man has a good relationship with the protagonist, and the protagonist can't exclude him. 

If there's nothing wrong with the system. 

The system is still chattering: "in order to prevent the host from being rejected without protection, the system provides rejection detection. If the rejection rate exceeds 50%, the host will be driven out of the small world by the world consciousness. We must pay attention to it!" 

"Well, I'm going to start transmitting. The host remembers to receive the memory of the original host, so that it can be easily integrated into the world. 3-2-1 -" 


a large area of the protective cover is folded up over the civilian camp within the protected area. One by one, nearly half of the adult height of the robot does not stop using weapons to attack the protective cover. From a distance, they are numerous, more than 100 million It's surrounded by three layers, three layers outside. This layer has been damaged by weapons with a cracked protective cover. As like as two peas in the shield, many civilians looked up above the panic. Mother held the child, her husband was guarding her wife, and her children stopped her parents. 

At the top of these robots, there is a mechanical spaceship larger than the whole protective cover, turning its muzzle at the lower protective cover. 

If we don't hand over a cold Zheng, we will not repeat it 

"Human beings, hand over the Yin Ming Zheng, or we will launch a real attack after the countdown of 59." 

"Human beings, hand over Yin Mingzheng, or we will launch a real attack after 57." 

The countdown was like a sickle of death hanging over the heads of these civilians, weeping and hugging each other. 

This is a threat. 

With the lives of 100000 ordinary people, he threatened Yin Mingzheng to give himself up in exchange. 

Everyone knows what will happen when a human leader falls into the hands of the invaders. No one dares to hope that Yin Mingzheng will exchange himself for them. They can only cry helplessly and wait for the arrival of the last second. 

"57..." 

"Fifty six..." 

"Fifty five..." 

Finally, at the countdown of ten seconds, an airplane came from afar. 

The mechanical spaceship, too big to see the sun, finally stopped broadcasting the countdown. It received the signal from the plane. 

"We have brought Yin Mingzheng, please liberate the hostages immediately." 

After sitting on the throne of the spaceship for 30 seconds, Qingqing slightly lowered his eyes and looked at the man pushed down from the plane. His extremely high eyesight allowed him to easily see Yin Mingzheng's beautiful and handsome figure, as well as his powerless limbs and full of hatred in his eyes. 

Obviously, after being attacked, he took some medicine, which made the top human ability, which was enough to frighten countless invaders, unable to move. He could only be thrown from the plane like an object. 

Shi Qing sent a humanoid machine closest to Yin Ming Zheng to fly over and catch him. If he didn't catch him, Yin Ming Zheng would not fall to death, just hurt for a while. 

While directing humanoid machines to bring people here, he continues to quickly accept the memories in his mind. 

The system is right. He has a high position and power. No one dares to provoke him. 

Because he is the biggest villain in the small world, the second aggressor, the head of the mechanical Corps who belongs to silence with Yin Ming Zheng.Isn't it that nobody dares to provoke? According to the memory in mind, even if walking in the universe, no one dares to get close to the mechanical Corps. 

What is such a good identity for Yin Mingzheng? 

One who just arrived at the blue star, threatened with 100000 human lives, forced human beings to give up on him, in exchange for him Invaders.





 Shi Qing sat on the throne with no expression. His mechanical fingers were beating on the armrest. His voice was mild and unreasonable: "system, tell me, what makes you think that on the basis of knowing that the world consciousness will repel the people the protagonist dislikes, you put me on the star aggressor who nearly killed 100000 of the protagonist's compatriots? ] 

as soon as the system was transmitted, it knew the bad things. When the host asked about it, he was scared into a group ] 

he is afraid of being investigated by the host, but Shi Qing is not so angry. What's the use of being angry when something happens? It's right to think of a remedy. 

What's more, this identity is really great. At least in today's weak situation, it's also good to be an alien with high position and weight. It has just arrived at blue star. A blue star man has never harmed him, so he can wash it. 

[OK, don't do it again next time. One month is enough. Now, tell me the rejection degree. ] 

the system immediately cuts into the working mode: [Yin Ming Zheng rejection: 100 out of 100] 

as soon as the report is finished, it will stop again. 

100% exclusion, it has never been seen in the archives of predecessors, ah, only one month, where is enough. 

It's finished. This is the first task. It reverses the points from the host of the pit 

The system is still crying, but Shiqing has stood up and waved his hand. A humanoid machine immediately moves a mirror according to his idea. 

In front of the mirror stands a humanoid creature made of silver machinery. His body proportion is more similar to that of human beings. There is no spare place in his whole body. He looks more like a human being outside. 

When he closed his eyes, the silver machine immediately turned into liquid and gradually melted down, revealing the human face underneath. 

A face of his own appeared in the mirror, then the body, limbs, and finally, the person standing in front of the mirror was already clear of his own appearance. 

He was dressed in a casual sportswear, slender, with cold and beautiful facial features. 

[eh, host, are you going to pretend that human beings are approaching Yin Ming Zheng? This is also an approach. ] 

[no, I have a better way. ] 

when Qingqing raised his hand and pointed his long fingertip to the eyebrow, the original black pupil turned to silver immediately, and the ordinary clothes he was wearing were also changed into the silver war uniform like the human like machine outside. 

On his face, a pair of cool eyes slightly softened, and his indifferent lips changed a little. Within a minute, what stood in the mirror was not the young man who felt cold and elegant, but a young man who looked seventeen or eighteen years old. 

When Qing stretched out his hand, felt a little bit soft abdomen, looking at himself in the mirror. 

Tut, since he learned to go to the gym to exercise his abdominal muscles at the age of 20, he has never seen soft meat on his stomach. 

At this age, he looks clear and pure, and there is a sense of innocence in his eyes when he looks at people. No matter what age he is, he can't help but be kind to him. 

None of the humanoid robots in the spacecraft paid any attention to Shi Qing's actions. They were serious machines, without emotion or thought. They were the most loyal subordinates of the original owner. 

This is why the whole universe is afraid of the original race. It is a mechanical race. The mechanical planet will only give birth to a life, similar to the existence of Wang Feng. After this life is born, it can build its legion with its own ability, and its mission is to invade the soul. 

Who is not afraid of no life, no fear of death, how to kill the invading race, as long as the original owner is willing, it can create a continuous stream of mechanical invasion corps, and according to its own mechanical division, to make the best strategy for the Legion. 

For example, in this invasion of blue star, the reason why the original owner ordered to replace Yin Ming Zheng with 100000 human lives was that its mechanical military engineer calculated that Yin Ming Zheng would be the greatest threat to their invasion of blue star, and suggested that human beings should hand over Yin Ming Zheng by means of estrangement. 

After all, it has just been born soon. Even if the invasion is engraved in the bones, the earth is also the first battlefield of the original owner. For those who have never dealt with it, of course, they want to be safe. 

So this just happened, when Qing was just sent over, the countdown outside forced human to make friends. 

Of course, blue star people don't know these things. They can't tell the first invader from the second one. Anyway, they are all aliens. 

However, it is precisely because of the blue star people do not understand the universe race, so that the Qing has a good idea. 

System: [host, what are you going to do? ] 

Shi Qing recalled the appearance of Yin Ming Zheng, and his eyes narrowed slightly. 

How can he do without taking advantage of his appearance and stature. ] 

he looks at himself in the mirror, reaches out his hand, and the palmprint fits the palmprint in the mirror."Give me an order to withdraw." 

Above the crumbling protective cover, the machines that had been stationary after Yin Mingzheng was taken away by the humanoid machines on the spaceship suddenly moved, and screamed inside the protective cover. 

In this scream, tens of thousands of humanoid robots turned around, obeyed their masters' orders, and headed back to the ship's open hatch. 

They are fast and not messy, less than five minutes, and there is only one large spacecraft left in the sky. 

And then, the spacecraft slowly pushed, as if they had come, and left the human base without a sound. 

The humans in the protective cover still can't believe it. 

The aliens actually left like this, they actually left. 

In a flash, the cry spread all over the base. I didn't know whether it was for his own survival or for the human hero who was sent out. 

Yin Mingzheng was injected with retardation medicine, which was specifically aimed at the powerful people. It was ineffective for ordinary people, but it could slow down the movement of the ability. After an hour, he was conscious but could not move. 

Ironically, this potion was developed by him and handed over to the upper level of the base. It was intended to restrain those who had the ability to kill ordinary humans at will, but now it is used on him. 

It's easy for the top management to make a decision on the choice between 100000 civilians and him alone. 

However, after they made a decision, no one came to tell him and ask for his opinions. Instead, they used his defenseless approach to the same kind of people and sent him directly to the plane. 

In the process of being attacked, getting on the plane and leaving the plane, Yin Mingzheng was awake all the time. He could feel the contempt of those people who carried him. When he was on the plane, he didn't even have a seat, so he was thrown to the ground. He looked like an object and watched a pair of shoes come and go from his eyes, and even someone took the opportunity to kick him One foot. 

Yin Mingzheng knows that human nature is terrible, but he did not expect that he would treat him like this even if he gave up his life and paid countless pain to protect him. 

Even if I send him to die, I don't even have the last respect before I die. 

Yeah, he's dying. There's no need for respect. 

They are dying. It seems that there is no need to abide by the overall situation, protect human beings and give up life and death. 

Yin Mingzheng closed his eyes and felt the mechanical and silent transportation of human beings. Then he seemed to put him on a soft bed with a sneer in his heart. Even the alien race would be willing to give him a bed after capturing him, but his peers were not. 

And then, he felt a cold manipulator close to him and injected him with something. Yin Mingzheng didn't mean to resist. Even if he thought, he had been beaten with slow medicine. 

He's just still in a coma, letting the robot move. 

They threaten human beings and send him out, but they don't kill him after they get it. Are they going to dissect him? 

Yin Mingzheng guessed in the bottom of her heart until the manipulator left and put him back on the soft and comfortable mattress. 

And then, there was the sound of human like machines walking in the room, as if they were carrying something, something was carried in from the outside, Yin Mingzheng slightly moved his ears, the power beyond ordinary people's hearing let him hear a relatively heavy object fall on the head of his bed. 

Then, smell told him that it should be a plant, buried in the soil, combined with the sound of heavy landing, should be a potted plant with ceramic bottom. 

But why do aliens put potted plants on the head of their captives' beds? 

Are plants weapons or tools used to insult each other on their planet? 

Then, Yin Mingzheng heard the sound of cutting the wall with tools. The humanoid machine moved around to carry another heavy object, and then installed it on the wall. 

He was really a little curious about what these aliens were doing and couldn't help opening his eyes. 

What he saw surprised Yin Mingzheng. 

The humanoid machines are actually installing windows, which are the most common windows of blue star before the alien invasion. 

In addition to the glass windows, there are human like machines flying up with a light blue curtain. 

In other parts of the room, two humanoid machines are knocking on the wall, trying to get the suspected TV dongxi'an into the room. There are two humanoid machines carrying a coffee table on the inside of the room. Next to them is a humanoid machine, which is orderly placing fruit plates, teapots and cups on the tea table. 

In addition, behind them were spreading carpets, putting clothes hangers, carrying tables and chairs, and the human like machines that were kitchen utensils, Yin Mingzheng almost suspected that his identity was not a prisoner, but a superior guest who was taken care of by the host family. 

Even if he is in the human base, because he has to be ready to fight, he has no time and conditions to enjoy the daily life of any blue star residents before the invaders come. 

What surprised Yin Mingzheng most was his gradually recovered strength. 

The retarder was invented by him. Of course, he knows how long the potion is. In order to have enough time to transport the ability to the people who can make him, a slow medicine can make a power powerless for 24 hours.And those people may be worried that he will get rid of his power and give him five doses. He should not recover his strength until five days later. 

Almost immediately, Yin Mingzheng thought of what had been injected into him by humanoid machines, and then quickly overturned it. 

No, it can't be. 

Humans and aliens are the relationship between the aggressor and the human being. How can they help him. 

But in front of the busy human like machinery and let him think about it. 

Yin Ming Zheng's strength recovered quickly. When the two humanoid machines finally installed the TV set into the wall, he clenched his fist, felt the strength of his body again, and slowly sat up. 

The busy humanoid machines seemed to feel the movement and all looked back at him. 

Staring at by a lot of silver inorganic eyes, Yin Mingzheng's long-term experience of fighting with aliens made her subconsciously tense. She looked at these humanoid machines with vigilance, and was ready to fight at any time. 

But the humanoid machines did nothing, no attack, no threat. They just looked at Yin Mingzheng and continued to do their own things as if nothing had happened. 

The situation is not clear, Yin Ming Zheng would not rush to attack, only tightened his muscles, while alert to the movement of these machines, while lifting the quilt out of bed. 

Yes, the aliens even covered him with quilts. 

This treatment is a little too unlike a prisoner. 

He tentatively walked to the door, gently put his hand on the door handle, and saw that no one in the room looked at himself, so he slowly opened the door. 

Behind the door is a wide and long corridor, silver white ground, silver white wall, everything is silver white, including those wearing silver white war clothes, are immersed in cleaning the human like machinery in the corridor. 

And in this piece of silver and white, a figure gradually came from the other end of the corridor towards this side. 

He looks like a human being, but he can appear on an alien spaceship. Obviously, he is not really a human being. He is walking briskly in silver and white combat uniform, and is walking slowly towards this side with clear goals. 

Wherever he went, those human like machines that were still busy stopped their hand movements. Compared with human beings, their very short mechanical legs moved and knelt down, obviously showing their submission. 

All this was silent and solemn. Yin Ming Zheng could even feel the boundless loyalty of these people to the people in front of them. 

Yin Mingzheng was very sure that this alien, who looked like a human being, had a prominent position on the spaceship. 

He quietly lowered his hands and gently dropped his thumb on the palm of his hand, which was the normal action before he used the power. 

The boy with a pair of silver and clear eyes did not seem to notice Yin Ming Zheng's tight body and alert eyes. 

Seeing that Yin Mingzheng was looking at himself, his face immediately burst into a sweet smile. He quickly stepped forward, regardless of Yin Mingzheng's subconscious defensive posture, and hugged his arm. 

"You are awake, my companion." 

Yin Mingzheng: What? " 

Shi Qing didn't respond, but pulled him and walked into the room. Yin Mingzheng tried to struggle, but found that the boy in front of him looked harmless, but his strength was very strong. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't move. 

In a hurry, he reached out and tried to push Shiqing away with his power. However, he found that the power had failed for some reason, and the boy had no response. 

How can it be? He just experimented. It's clear that powers can be used 

With such a loss of mind, Yin Ming Zheng had been pressed to the bed. 

He was lying on his back on the soft bed, straddling over him, looking at him with clear eyes and sweet smile. 

"Wait..." 

Yin Ming Zheng subconsciously reached out, but he was easily grabbed by the wrists of his hands and pulled them directly to the top of his head to hold it down, which completely turned into a posture of being slaughtered by others. 

"Don't wait." 

The young man with a naive face blinks, his tone is innocent and expectant, but he is very strong in doing the thing of overlord's hard bow: 

"come on, let's have a baby." 




 Have a baby?? 

Yin Mingzheng looked at the boy who was obviously male and felt at a loss from his heart for the first time. 

Seeing when Qing finished this sentence, he couldn't wait to pull his coat. He was like a fish and struggled: "no! Wait a minute. I'm a man! " 

"Me too." 

When Qing buried his head in the busy side, he was very reasonable and forceful to reply. 

He was really busy. In order to peel off the layers of coats, he relaxed and grasped Yin Ming Zheng's hand. The only young man with soft white hands fell on the coat and tried to peel it off. 

However, it is precisely because he did not hold down Yin Mingzheng's hands any more, and the man who regained the right to use his hands again struggled harder and harder. The human hero, who was a virgin at the age of 28, was completely distracted by the actions of Shi Qing. He also ignored the previous thoughts of "entering the enemy's interior", "leaving no trace of routine" and "understanding the situation". At present, his brain only has There is a poor idea, that is to quickly guard their own coat, and chastity. 

It was like playing an offensive and defensive game, when Qing attacked Yin Ming Zheng defense. 

Although Yin Mingzheng had rich combat experience, his strength was not as strong as he was. So for a while, they tried to peel off each other and quickly blocked them into a deadlock that no one could succeed. 

Yin Mingzheng is busy protecting his coat while distracted to look at the young man above. He has a pair of round apricot eyes, a small nose, red lips because of "busy" and unconsciously pursed. 

As if aware of Yin Ming Zheng's sight, he even took time to raise his eyes and showed a sweet smile to the man. 

It looks like a very harmless and innocent teenager. 

If he didn't bury himself in indecent work after laughing. 

It has to be said that the strange boy's appearance is really too harmless. Even if he knows that the situation is unknown now, the people on board the alien spaceship have a high status among the aliens, and they don't look like human beings. But looking at his sweet smile and smiling curved eyes, Yin Mingzheng couldn't lift any anger in his heart. 

Of course, even if he wants to be promoted, he doesn't have the strength to resist escaping. At most, he can only barely keep his coat from being picked off. 

If you don't do as well as others, you can only talk about it. 

Thinking like this, Yin Mingzheng blocked Shi Qing's hand and said, "are we misunderstood? I don't know you. I'm not your partner." 

"Why does my partner have to know me?" 

The teenager who straddled on him finally stopped his hand, and showed a dazed look in a pair of Pan round eyes, and even a little aggrieved: "why don't you take off your clothes by yourself." 

"Why do I No, you get up first 

Shi Qing seemed to be able to communicate well, which made Yin Mingzheng breathe a sigh of relief. 

However, it turned out that he was too early to relax. 

It seems that the white and tender young boy with him can press the weight of an ordinary person vomiting blood to sit steadily, Qingyue voice is not happy to ring: "I can't get up." 

"You're my partner. Why don't you want to have a baby with me?" 

Yin Mingzheng remembered that he couldn't move because he was under the weight of several tons. He tried a few times, and finally he could only lie back in the unhappy sight of the young man. 

After a few breaths, he adjusted his mood and tried to have a good talk with the young man in front of him who seemed to be only about 18 years old. 

"This gentleman, it's like this: first, I'm not your partner. Second, you and I are both men, 100 percent men. Two men can't have children." 

"I know." 

Shiqing smiles at him again and leans down on Yin Mingzheng, with his ears close to his heart to listen to the beating heart inside. 

"Of course you human males will not have babies, but our race can." 

The heart, which had already been beating fiercely, suddenly seemed to be speeding up the same thumping faster. 

Even before the end of the world, Yin Ming Zheng was an old cadre who never looked at men. Naturally, he would not think of men having children. 

But he thought of some of the star rated movies he saw before the end of the world. 

It seems that the way for the alien inside to reproduce is to put the eggs under the human body. When the time is right, the small alien will tear the human belly and break out of the human body in the howl of human beings 

At the thought that this picture might happen to himself, Yin Mingzheng's face turned green. 

Shi Qing felt his intense emotion and laughed with satisfaction. His white fingers fell on the zipper of Yin Ming's Zheng jacket and circled around. 

"As long as we are together, I will enter the stage of maturity. The mother tree of our planet will receive the signal of my maturity before the next generation will be born. After 200 years of my death, the baby with our two genes will be born."His tone with a little naive, there is a strong yearning, "your genes are very strong, our baby will be very strong." 

Yin Mingzheng: 

He quickly sorted out the meaning of this alien with the shape of a human teenager. 

There is a tree on their planet called the mother tree. Only when it receives the signal that the young man is mature, the mother tree will begin to multiply. Until he dies, the next generation with the human gene that he has been combined with will be born. 

Such a nonsense setting, if put in the film before the end of the world, Yin Mingzheng would feel that there was no logic at all, but it happened in reality. 

He didn't feel that Shi Qing was lying to himself. 

After all, the current situation, his Yin Ming Zheng is the little grasshopper in the palm of his hand, he has no need to cheat himself. 

What's more, since the invader, known as Zerg, came to Bluestar, the blue star people understood what is called the world's greatness. 

After mating, the female will eat an organ of the male. The lower order Zerg fight is cannon fodder, but not fighting is food, and they feel very honored to be eaten. These are the extraterrestrials who can give birth to children in space, and will have a life of 200 years, which is nothing. 

Fortunately, what he met was not unreasonable. Judging from the current situation, we can still talk about it. 

Just thinking of this, the alien teenager, who was lying on his chest very docile, was restless and eager to pull the zipper of Yin Mingzheng's coat. 

Yin Mingzheng quickly reached out to block it Wait a minute. " 

"What's the matter?" 

The young man was so unhappy that he pressed Yin Mingzheng's hand against him to the head of the bed. "If you do this again, I will tie you up. Anyway, even if it is tied up, it will not affect us mate

Yin Mingzheng looked at his serious look, did not doubt that he would really do so, and quickly comforted: "you say I am your partner, but we do not know, we blue star people will not with people we do not know." 

"I know you. Your name is Yin Mingzheng." 

Maybe he felt that he had a good reason. The unhappy look on the young face disappeared. He grabbed Yin Mingzheng's hand and fell on his cheek. He rubbed the palm of a man with a thin cocoon like a kitten, and his eyes were bright. 

"I know you know me, I mean, I don't know you yet." Yin Mingzheng moved the hand held by the youth. He was single before the end of his life, and he was busy with research and development and fighting with Zerg. Even though there was no lack of admirers around him, he never had time for this kind of thought. The first time he had such close contact with "people", it was hard for Yin Mingzheng to feel a little helpless. 

He coughed, suppressed this emotion, spoke slowly, and stabilized the situation a little bit: "you say we are partners, but I don't know your name, how old, which planet you are, how many relatives in your family, and why I should be your partner. The recognition of blue star is not unilateral." 

Youth did not get angry, only not happy with the curl of the mouth, "you blue star people really troublesome." 

"Well, my name is Shiqing. I'm a mechanical race. My planet is in Galaxy 312. I don't have any relatives. Why do you want to be your partner? Because the first planet I found after I was born was blue star. You are the most powerful blue star. Of course, I choose you as my partner." 

While digesting the information, Yin Mingzheng continued to earnestly ask, "do you have no relatives? Who is in charge of the ship, your boss? " 

The system pops up [host, he's talking. Don't be fooled! He wants to find out the details of you so that he can escape!! ] 

[and the host, don't be so clear about it. How can the event of race reproduction tell him that he is 100% exclusive of you!!! ] 

Shi Qing: [I know, so don't you realize I'm making it up? ] 

the system was surprised: "make up a story??? ] 

[well, I'm the only one in this race. The rest is mechanical. It's not what I say. If I don't say that, how can I find a reason to take advantage of it? Oh, no, to reduce the degree of exclusion. ] 

consciously smart, a group of systems to see the wrong You have so many human routines. 

Yin Mingzheng knew nothing about the communication between the two people. When he saw it, his eyes were crooked and his eyes were clear and pure. He rubbed the palm of Yin Ming Zheng like a little prince who didn't touch the world: "this ship belongs to me. They all listen to me." 

Well, tell him I'm the boss and I can take advantage of it. ] 

with one hand, Shiqing grasped the left hand on her face, and the other held Yin Mingzheng's right hand which had just been released. She folded her wrists together and pressed them again on the head of the bed. 

"Now that we know each other, let's mate"





 It can be said that Yin Mingzheng can't escape now. 

His hands were tied, and he did not know how many tons of weight was pressed on his legs. Let alone escape, he was very difficult to support himself. 

But he didn't give up the struggle. 

The human hero in Shiqing's hands kept moving with his upper body, as if to get rid of his terrible weight with brute force. 

It's like doing sit ups. Even if he raises his waist and has to lie back in bed because of gravity, he will lift up again in the next second. 

So, Shi Qing looked at the man who was very in line with his preference, and put the beautiful chest muscle that he had spent a lot of effort and sweat to his eyes. 

It's a naked beauty trick. ] He is showing me his charm, tut, man. ] 

System: don't want to talk. 

Shi Qing watched the beautiful man try to escape. The sweat from his forehead wet part of his hair, and his hair clothes fell into the forehead, making the host look charming and sexy. 

"You look good." 

He did not hide the love in his eyes, "you are so strong and beautiful, our baby will be very strong." 

With sharp eyes, Shiqing directly lowered his head and was about to tear open his coat with his mouth. Yin Mingzheng could not ignore trying to escape, so he gasped for help. 

"Wait --" 

he wheezed and gasped because of the previous fierce and useless struggle, trying to squeeze out a sentence in the blank brain. 

"You know What do humans do? " 

Yin Ming Zheng was totally gambling. He had seen several Zerg mating times in the battlefield, head to head and hand to hand. There were many kinds of Zerg, and there were countless mating methods. But one thing is certain, no one Zerg is the same as human mating. 

Zerg are like this, Shiqing this alien should be similar. 

Sure enough, has been dead pressure on his Qing Zheng Zheng, silver white eyes have a little at a loss: "not your parts with my parts together?" 

"When I first came to Bluestar, I saw human beings mate. First, we should take off our clothes, and then we can install parts." 

Whoa. 

Yin Mingzheng breathed a sigh of relief at the bottom of her heart. 

Fortunately, I don't know much about it. 

He was breathing better and his brain was working fast. 

In a word, we should delay the issue of sex as soon as possible. Only when we have settled down can we have a chance to escape. 

After thinking about it clearly, Yin Mingzheng coughed: "Shiqing, you're only half right. There are procedures ahead. It's very cumbersome for human beings to get together. In this way, you can get down from me and I'll tell you slowly." 

System conscientiously jumped out: "host, he is lying to you!! ] 

Shi Qing: [I know, he is a good liar. ] 

System: [ ] 

it went to the headquarters in silence and ordered an anti noise brain machine for itself. It must not let the evil human beings full of routine tarnish their pure mechanical heart. 

Yin Mingzheng still said: "you say we are partners. Partners mean that we are equal to each other. If you want to have sex with me, you should follow the blue star procedure, right?" 

The mechanical race, which looks very simple both in appearance and in speech, blinked blankly and seemed to listen. 

He got down slowly and put his ear on the man's heart again. His voice sounded very gentle: "OK, I'll listen to you. You can tell me about your blue star procedure. I'll follow the procedure." 

Yin Mingzheng breathed a sigh of relief, but at the same time, he felt guilty because of Shi Qing's trust in himself. 

He had never cheated even a human when he was at the base, but he was mercilessly abandoned when the danger came. 

On the contrary, Shi Qing, though an alien, believed him both in his deeds and in his words. 

At the same time, Yin Mingzheng moved her upper body. 

I don't know if it was an illusion. He always felt that Shi Qing's hand was touching his coat. Although it was not painful, the coat was not very thick. Yin Mingzheng felt that he was not touched by the coat, but by the muscles under the coat. 

But the alien teenager showed his ignorance of this kind of thing before, and Yin Mingzheng could not blame him for his restless hand. After the failure of his attempt to move, he tried to force himself to ignore the hand playing with his "coat". 

He thought that maybe Shi Qing had never touched human clothes. He was a little curious. 

Ding! The rejection degree of Yinming Zheng is 98 out of 100] 

the system is happy and eager to set off fireworks to celebrate. ] 

Shi Qing: [it feels really good. ] 

System: [ ] 

it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter. 

As long as the task is well done, it can accept such shameless words that will pollute its pure heart.Yin Mingzheng is still trying to coax the alien teenagers to get down from themselves: 

"Shiqing, you get up first, you are too heavy, it's hard to talk with me." 

"Then I'll lighten the weight." When Qing finished this sentence, he controlled his own weight. 

The mechanical race can control his own weight at will. Before that, he deliberately adjusted his weight to be able to hold down Yin Mingzheng, but he would not really be pressed out of any problem. 

Yin Mingzheng choked for a while, and felt that the youth above him was really slowly lightening down, a posture that depended on him. 

This is Shiqing's territory, and there are a lot of well-equipped humanoid machines in the room. Even if Yin Mingzheng was uncomfortable about having a "person" in his body, he did not try to let him go down to avoid irritating him. 

"Didn't you tell me about the human procedure? Come on. " Shi Qing urged him. 

Yin Ming Zheng opened his mouth, and before he opened his mouth, he listened to the young man's another sentence: "finish it quickly, let's follow the procedure quickly." 

He choked again, thinking about what he could do to fool the time away. 

Just thinking about how to make up to be more logical, the boy lying on his body suddenly raised his head, on his line of sight. 

Shiqing's eyes are silvery white, because of the cold color, even if he looks soft, he will show a sense of oppression when he looks at people without speaking. 

"I know that human beings like to lie. Don't lie to me. I can find out." 

His body was so soft that he could almost feel the warmth and coldness that did not belong to human beings through his clothes when he was pasted on the body of Yin Mingzheng. With the warmth and coolness, his lips came to his ears, and his voice was softly as if he was whispering: 

"in the whole universe, no one dares to cheat the mechanical race." 

Yin Ming Zheng consciousness has not yet responded, the body has been conscious of a step of the whole body tensed up, this is in the face of dangerous enemies will have subconscious protection. 

At this moment, he suddenly realized that, no matter how good he was and how harmless his appearance looked, he was not a human race, but an alien with a huge spaceship and countless subordinates. 

His vigilance should not be let down from the beginning. 

[Yin Ming Zheng rejection: 99 out of 100] 

[Yin Ming Zheng rejection: 100 out of 100] 

[Yin Ming Zheng rejection: 99 out of 100] 

the system looked at the rejection degree of up and down, high and low, and panicked a lot: "host, what to do, the rejection degree goes up again, how can you reveal your stuffing. ] 

[it's not called revealing. ] 

Shi Qing still looked at Yin Ming Zheng, saw the vigilance in his eyes, but was very satisfied. 

You don't really think I'm going to keep trying to please him to reduce rejection? I am a mechanical race that can walk horizontally in the universe. If I believe what Yin Mingzheng says and believes, he "swindles" me and asks me to take my army to beat the Zerg away. After the fight, the repulsion only drops a little. How can I protect Yin Mingzheng until the end of the plot? ] 

[even if you really want to do it, you have to wait for his rejection to brush off. ] 

after the system suddenly realized, it began to worry: "but when the host is strong, how can the rejection degree drop? ] 

[there are many ways. I don't want to break the rules, just let him know who is the leading one between us. ] 

when Qingqing pressed his hand on the heart of Yin Mingzheng, he felt its intense beating, and showed his familiar sweet smile to Yin Mingzheng: "I believe you won't cheat me, will you?" 

Yin Mingzheng controlled herself to smooth down her frown and smile, affirming: 

"yes, I am your partner, how can I cheat you?" 

Watching all the systems: two big pig hooves. 

Yin Mingzheng was disturbed by this incident. She knew that the alien teenager didn't believe everything she said. She didn't know how to fool Shi Qing. She was thinking. She glanced at the TV set in the room, and her heart suddenly came to her mind. 

"Shiqing, I'll find you a love TV show. Our human partner program is similar to that on TV." 

Yin Ming Zheng coaxed Shi Qing out of his body, walked to the TV, and actually found a pile of discs. 

Before the Zerg called, Yin Mingzheng, a veteran cadre who didn't drive, picked out a TV play that he vaguely remembered was about real love. 

He didn't worry at all that Shi Qing would learn something he shouldn't learn from it. 

These are all Chinese films, but they don't have a lot of intimate plots like some foreign TV dramas. 

When the disc began to play, Yin Mingzheng turned to smile calmly at the alien youth: "after reading this, you should know the human procedure." 

He glanced at the number of episodes, more reassured, "there are 88 episodes in this TV series. Why don't you watch the TV series first? I'll go shopping on the spaceship. How about getting to know each other?""Good." 

Hearing Shi Qing's promise, Yin Mingzheng relaxed a little. 

Given time, he believes he can find the hole in the ship and get out of here. 

Eighty eight episodes of TV series, an episode of more than 40 minutes, at least enough time to see tomorrow, he has enough time 

-- yes. 

The sound of mechanical touch called back Yin Mingzheng's thoughts. He looked at the past subconsciously, and then his body became stiff. 

In front of the TV, Shi Qingzheng put his hand into the screen and closed his eyes as if feeling something. After three seconds, he took back his hand and turned his head to Yin Ming Zheng's sweet smile: "I've finished watching it." 

Yin Mingzheng: 

He forgot that Shi Qing said he was a mechanical race. 

Before he opened his mouth again, the alien teenager had already walked up to him and pushed him to the ground. 

Then, with his left leg straddling, he skillfully sat on the Yin Ming Zheng with a heavy figure, and pouted his mouth at the man and was about to press down. 

"Wait --" 

heard the sound of Yin Ming Zheng's almost panic stop, there was almost a delicate body above, but there was a heavy tonnage of alien teenagers cleverly stopped, good-natured to take away the pouting action, blinked, eyes showed a little doubt. 

"I didn't do it, did I?" He pursed his ruddy lips to Yin Mingzheng again, "I see that in the thing called TV play, don't you want to do this? Put my parts and your parts together, and then the small parts in your parts collide with my small parts for about a minute or two. Don't you want to crash my small parts? Isn't this a necessary ritual for you before the human race 

Yin Mingzheng didn't respond for a moment. Shiqing was talking about something until he saw the young man open his mouth and put out a small piece of red tender tongue and finger. 

"Or are my little parts not to your taste?" 

After showing his small parts, he looked at Yin Mingzheng complaining. 

"You are so picky."





 Yin Mingzheng: 

Yin Mingzheng: 

He opened his mouth again and again, but he didn't know what to say. 

If you don't know the identity of the alien and his gender, just his youthful appearance makes Yin Mingzheng feel guilty. 

He couldn't help lying on the floor and asking from his heart, "are you an adult?" 

Shi Qing: "what is adulthood?" 

"How old are you this year?" Yin Mingzheng reluctantly propped up and leaned back. Fortunately, after several times of Taishan pressure training, his physical endurance has improved a little. Although he still can't get Shiqing down directly, he can still move a few times. 

Just after two moves, Yin Mingzheng finds that the boy above has raised his weight again. 

Then, there was the clear and clear voice of "I'm more than 50000 years old since I was born." 

Yin Mingzheng: Aren't you just born? " 

"Yes, I was just born." Shi Qing sat steadily on the man's body, with a face of "I am especially simple in telling the truth". 

"Time has no meaning to the mechanical race. After I was born, I floated around the universe with a large army of accompanying machines to search for new planets. I didn't start to move until I found the blue star. So it's true that I was not born soon." 

The human hero quickly found the loophole and asked Shi Qing, "how many years have you been on this planet?" 

"According to your blue star time, about a week." 

Yin Ming Zheng's hand was loose and his head fell to the floor. 

"I'm afraid not." 

"Our age on Bluestar is calculated according to the first day everyone comes to Bluestar. If you only come to Bluestar for a week, then you are still a baby." 

When Qing sure enough full face good coax at a loss, slightly crooked head: "I am a baby on your planet?" 

Looking at the clear eyes of the youth above, Yin Mingzheng was in a complicated mood. He didn't know whether he felt more guilty about bullying children or more excited to find a way to escape from the heaven. 

Anyway, he's not lying. 

Isn't blue star's children age according to their first day in the world. 

In a word, Yin Mingzheng's expression and expression were very complex. He said to Shi Qingyi: "yes, but we can't have a child until we are 18 years old." 

"So it is." 

"Well, you're my partner, and I'll listen to you." 

Without waiting for Yin Ming Zheng to breathe a sigh of relief, Shiqing pressed his hand across his coat on his chest muscle, and his white face was full of natural: "you can't mate, it's OK to collide the small parts according to your blue star procedure first." 

"I don't dislike your little parts, and you must not dislike mine." 

Hearing the same words from the young man, Yin Ming Zheng suddenly opened his eyes and reached out to push away: "no Oh, no, no 

He fought hard, and his hands burst with blue veins. The muscles that were not so obvious in his clothes were bulging with strength, but they were all buckled to the side of his body by the tender and slender fingers. 

Two minutes later, Shi Qing raised his waist and got up from the ground with satisfaction. 

On the other hand, the human heroes on the ground did not respond. They were still lying in the same way, until they saw the teenagers standing on the ground with their hands full of contentment, with lips as if with water stains, and the aftertaste on their faces: "no wonder your planet should have this program, which is very comfortable." 

With these words, Shi Qingbao, who is several thousand years old, squats down with a satisfied face and proposes to Yin Mingzheng who is in a trance: "let's follow this procedure every day until I turn 18 in blue star." 

After so many years of life, the old cadre who has just lost his first kiss is staring at the young man who has just lost his first kiss. His eyes are full of joy and contentment, and his eyes are full of clear and trusting young people. 

Men always pay a little special attention to the people who come into close contact with themselves. After losing the first collision of small parts, Yin Mingzheng finds out how excellent Shi Qing looks. 

He once met the same delicate and beautiful teenagers in the base. Although he was not as dazzling as Shiqing, his appearance was definitely able to be a fan and countless male stars before the Zerg came. 

Just because of their weak body, they have no ability to fight the Zerg, and they have no strength to work hard. They can only rely on others to be a canary that is locked in a cage for the owner to show off. 

Once, someone even proposed to send Yin Mingzheng such a canary, but he said that he would not consider such a matter for the time being. 

But now, he has just been shackled on the floor by such a delicate and simple young boy, and can only feel that he tries to touch another small part with a small part. 

Teng! 

On his beautiful face, he finally turned red. 

Ding! Yin Ming Zheng: 97 out of 100] Watching the Yin Ming Zheng routine, the host was quite calm by the host system. He put on the full-function mosaic brainwave, and introduced to the host that this full-function brainwave has an automatic locking task, which can automatically block the contents that can't be viewed by children under three years old. In order not to hinder the task, the host will play the mosaic humanized. 

By the way, the headquarters mall also presented a set of "how to make a good relationship with your host". 

It opens the guide a little bit excitedly. 

What are you doing? ] 

the system immediately recited to Shiqing as shown in the guide: "on this day, a pure system passed away, and it was very painful to walk. I bought this to save it. ] 

[if the host comforts me, I will still love your small system. ] 

Shi qingzong felt that his system intelligence quotient would decline. 

He hesitated for a few seconds and spoke to comfort him: 

[I'm sorry, do you want me to buy a wreath and send it to the grave? ] 

the system looks at the "host will be very worried and ask if there is any discomfort with the accompanying system" in the guide 

It silently deleted the guide. 

It doesn't matter. 

Don't worry about the details. 

As long as the host is a big guy (I don't feel aggrieved at all. JPG). 

Yin Mingzheng found that from this day on, Shi Qing seemed to have opened a small meat leopard and coveted him. 

When Yin Ming Zheng was hungry to eat, he bumped the small parts first. 

Yin Mingzheng wants to sleep at night and doesn't want to play with him. He bumps small parts first. 

Yin Mingzheng wanted to let the house full of humanoid machines go out, first hit small parts. 

If you don't touch it, a few thousand year old babies will directly press people onto the floor, on the wall, on the bed and on the glass. Until Yin Mingzheng, a big man with a red face and a full face of shame, satisfies him, Shiqing will be satisfied. 

Yin Mingzheng also asked Shi Qing to help blue star as his partner, but he refused without hesitation. 

"The mechanical race will never help other races," said the alien teenager 

After that, no matter what Yin Mingzheng said, he didn't listen to him, and because of the man's proposal, he became vigilant and surrounded people in the room like food protection, giving everything, just not letting out. 

On the third day of Shi Qing's "watching" TV series, when it was just dawn in the morning, he walked in from the door and got into the quilt of Yin Ming Zheng. 

As soon as he came in to see Yin Mingzheng not up, he knew that this guy was pretending to be asleep. 

When he fought with Zerg before, as a human hero, he fought with Zerg almost all the time. He had already developed the skill that he would wake up quickly when he heard something moving when he was sleeping. How could he not react when Shiqing came in. 

He pretended to sleep, but Shiqing didn't mind. He went straight into Yin Mingzheng's arms and looked up at his small parts. 

When Yin Ming Zheng pretended to sleep, he looked at the man because he closed his eyes and made a beautiful shadow of long eyelashes under his eyes. He solemnly followed the system analysis: "the feeling is excellent, the emotion is in place, and the elasticity is full. Look at his eyelashes are still so long, Tut, he is really an eyelash. ] 

[look, he will be shy again. I just like the way he is so shy that he doesn't take the initiative to let me do what I want. ] 

with that, Shiqing came up to the man's face with a smile. 

The system was wearing a full-functional brain wave, looking at the mosaic in front of him, and he downloaded "three hundred children's songs" heartily. 

While Shi Qing felt his right hand was full of elasticity, and his left hand felt excellent. He felt like an aggressive and sticky little leopard. Even if the small parts met with the target with satisfaction, his body would not be satisfied to squeeze into Yin Mingzheng's arms until he could not bear the sticky and finally opened his eyes. 

The old cadre's attribute does not let the man make perfect by practice. On the contrary, he is uncomfortable and shy every time. When the young man gets into his arms and asks for small parts to collide with each other, he is at a loss. 

To tell you the truth, Shi Qing was satisfied that he was the dominant player. However, because Yin Ming Zheng's three-day rejection only dropped five points, he still had to release water. 

So, when the man was embarrassed and blushed like a petrified statue, Shi Qing stopped suddenly and asked, "why don't you go with me? I'm walking alone. Don't you let me do all the work like this? " 

Yin Ming Zheng can be fearless against the giant Zerg as tall as a building. 

You can also face up to 78 long headed Zerg. 

It's not a problem for one person to fight ten thousand low-level Zerg that can't be killed completely. 

But now, looking at a discontented young man, he made a request, Yin Mingzheng can't. 

Maybe it's the first time in tens of thousands of years that extraterrestrial youngsters roar at each time. It's like a little leopard that has to circle its prey after catching its prey, whining and biting gently.For the prey, this kind of biting is not painful. Instead, it is like a little leopard licking itself. Now, the little leopard encircles his prey and asks the prey to bite and lick like himself. 

Yin Mingzheng felt that he couldn't do it. 

It's not right to indulge in enjoyment. How can he take the initiative again. 

That person has become everything. 

Shi Qing found his resistance very tactfully. 

So he sticky to pull the hand of Yin Mingzheng, and offered conditions to tempt the man with a strong sense of morality: "don't you want to go to the spaceship to have a look at it? If you go with me, I'll let you out. " 

"Once, just once." The youth pulls his hand to shake, sprinkle Jiao skillfully: "just once, OK?" 

Yin Mingzheng looks at Shi Qing, as if from his cheering eyes to see a small leopard swinging its tail and full of confidence waiting for its prey to fall into the pit. 

Although he has been addicted to coughing and coughing in recent days, he has not achieved nothing. At least, Yin Mingzheng, the biggest master of the spaceship, who is an alien teenager named Shiqing, has a rough idea of his character. 

He was naive but not stupid. He was very simple, but he had strong learning ability. At the same time, he knew all kinds of coquettish tricks to achieve his goal. The more contact he had, the more complex his mood was. If it wasn't for the racial difference between the two, he might have really had a good feeling for the time. 

But he's human after all. 

No matter how good and simple Shi Qing was to him, he was going to be imprisoned in this spaceship for the rest of his life. 

Yin Mingzheng forced his-self to forget his sense of morality and guilt. He gently put the boy in his arms and felt his warm and soft touch. He drooped his eyes slightly and showed a smile on his face and lowered his head. 

The docility of his youth made him suffer. 

He knew he was a liar. 

One day, he will abandon Shiqing and leave the ship. 

At that time, the youth will not be sad, that pair of beautiful and clear silver white eyes, will tears fall? 

Finally, Yin Mingzheng let go of the young man in his arms. His eyes were moist and soft. He looked at himself in his silver eyes, and his heart became more and more heavy. 

He cheated Shi Qing, a simple and clever alien boy. 

"Well, let's go for a cruise?" 

When Qing blinked and pretended to be cute: "what strolls the airship?" 

Yin Mingzheng: Didn't you say I let me out on my own initiative? " 

The alien teenager raised his chin: "I don't have it!" 

"I said ten times! Ten times! " 

He was very clever to stretch out ten fingers, bend down one, his face full of complacency after seeing the prey fall into the trap: "you just left the program once, and there are nine more." 

"Well, now you can finish the rest nine times." 

With a proud face, Shiqing pouted at Yin Mingzheng and looked like a kiss. 

Yin Mingzheng looks at him silently for a few seconds. The corners of his lips can't help but lift up. He turns the young man into his arms and slightly lowers his head to his ear. With a low laugh, the magnetic voice falls into Shiqing's ear canal: 

"little liar." 

Ding! The rejection degree of Yin Ming Zheng: 90 out of 100] 




 Yin Ming Zheng met the requirements of the Qing Dynasty. 

When the alien teenager takes back the small parts contentedly, although his face is satisfied and looks very relaxed, his body is a little soft. 

Shi Qing didn't stand strong, but stayed in the arms of Yin Ming Zheng as if he had no bones, and seriously analyzed with the system: "the learning ability of blue star people is really terrible. ] 

it's only a few days ago, and Yin Ming's zither is even better than the blue. 

Finally, the system, which finally broke away from a mosaic, listened to the children's song in silence: 

Shi Qing didn't mind that the system ignored him at all. It was time to get down to business. 

He kept his promise and allowed Yin Mingzheng to step out of the house for the first time. 

Everything outside is silver white, silver white corridor, silver white machinery, when such a lot of silver, people walking on it will always have a kind of space-time confusion of dizziness. 

Shi Qing is like a lively bird, with a happy smile on his face, pulling his partner to take him to visit his nest. 

"This is the supply module. Every day new machines are made here. My regiment is built in the supply module." 

Yin Mingzheng looked at the humanoid machines coming out of the silver manufacturing cabin. 

Each of them has a super strong force and offensive, and when they are just "born", the machines responsible for recording "newcomers" will give them batch numbers one by one, and then distribute weapons. 

According to the current "born" speed and attack power of these machines, he can occupy the blue star at any time as long as he thinks clearly. 

Human heroes do not have time to associate too much, one side of the Shi Qing has been like a bird with a cheerful step to pull him to the other side. 

"This is the lookout module, where my Legion can monitor everything on a planet." 

Shi Qing walked into the broad hall and pulled Yin Mingzheng, who was dazed with various pictures floating in the air, and all the way to the throne in the middle of the hall. 

He first stepped on it, sat down steadily, and then held out his hand to Yin Ming Zheng. His eyes were full of trust: "this is the throne. Only the king of mechanical race can sit on the throne." 

"Now you are my partner and you can sit here with me." 

Yin Mingzheng was puzzled and looked at the hand that Shi qing handed over. He knew that what he should do now was to hold the hand immediately and let Shiqing trust him. 

But looking at the alien youth full of happy clear eyes, that full face looking forward to sharing everything with him, he couldn't bear it. 

Shiqing really wants to share everything with him, but he just wants to cheat Shiqing's trust to leave here. 

The man closed his eyes and forced himself not to look at the bottom of his heart's guilt. 

Looking all the way, Yin Mingzheng has thoroughly verified the previous idea. 

This spaceship is a bucket of iron. No matter whether it is the internal environment or the outside, there are dense humanoid machines guarding it. Even if he gives himself the right to walk around at will, he still can't escape. 

Since a strong attack is not desirable, we can only find a way from Shi Qing. 

"Shi Qing." 

Instead of holding the boy's hand, he asked, "are you alone on this ship?" 

"Of course not." 

Shi Qing stood up, like a little prince who had been spoiled and grew up. He raised his chin modestly and pointed to the humanoid machines working step by step in the observation cabin. 

"They are all my subordinates, so many." 

His expression was very proud. Yin Mingzheng asked again, "do they have their own thoughts like you?" 

Shi Qing's expression stopped. 

Yin Mingzheng: "you said before that you are the king of mechanical race, but all subordinates are machines. They will listen to you and do things for you, but they can't accompany you." 

"They can!" 

The young man sitting on the throne clenched his fist. He had a stubborn look in his silver eyes. "These tens of thousands of years, they have been accompanying me!" 

"But they are just because of the command to accompany you, if you do not order, will there be machinery to accompany you actively?" 

"Yes!! They will 

When Yin Mingzheng looked at Shi Qing on the throne, his eyes were red, his hands clenched tightly into fists, and his expression was stubborn, but the water light was flashing in his eyes. 

He could see that Shi Qing understood that Yin Mingzheng had not given up collecting information these days. Now he has almost understood the characteristics of mechanical race. The mechanical race has only one life, that is king, and the rest is just the humanoid machine made by The King. 

Machinery has no thought, only obeys the king's orders. 

In order to continue the inheritance, each generation of The King will do his best to protect himself, build a spaceship after he is born, and spend his whole life on the spaceship. With him, there are only these machines without thinking. 

Until death.It's king, but he's also a prisoner. 

And now, he's going to seduce the prisoner. 

Yin Ming Zheng lowered his voice, like a snake in the garden of Eden that lured human beings to eat the fruit, "Shiqing, do you want to go on like this all your life? A lifetime in a spaceship? To spend a lifetime with machines that have no life at all until death? " 

The water in the eyes of the young man on the throne was more and more. He bit his lips obstinately and looked at the man in silence. 

Yin Mingzheng looked at such a man, but he seemed to see that in tens of thousands of years, a silvery boy would be like this now, sitting on a high throne, surrounded by silent, lifeless machinery, lonely and lonely, day after day. 

Until death. 

He had always wondered why Shiqing was so sticky, just like a leopard who had been drinking milk and tasted meat for the first time. He couldn't leave his prey for a moment. He wanted to be in the arms of Yin Ming Zheng all the time and exchange small parts with him. 

Now suddenly learned the truth, the man actually rose in the heart of a trace of heartache. 

If he is living in such an environment, I am afraid that even if the power is no matter how powerful, it will be crazy. 

Ding! The rejection degree of Yin Ming Zheng is 75 out of 100 Sniffel ] 

Shi Qing: [what are you sniveling for? ] 

[host your race is so poor, but it's not good to invade other people's planet no matter how poor it is. However, it's great to be able to reduce so much rejection. sniffel ] 

[are your systems so naive? ] You can't tell I'm making it up? In order to protect themselves, which race would be so stupid to lock themselves in a spaceship all their lives. ] 

System: [ But host, didn't you almost cry? ] 

[if I don't create a miserable background for myself, how can big sweetheart sympathize with me and pity me? Do you have a problem with the receiving system and forget that we are doing the task? All right, stop sniveling. I'm going to zoom in. ] 

System: [ ] 

Shi Qing didn't care about the sentimental system King any more. After listening to Yin Mingzheng's several turns, he finally talked about business. 

"Why don't you come back to the human base with me, where you will see a lot of sick women, men, children, and all kinds of animals. They all have their own ideas and will accompany you." 

If it is really a race that has been lonely for tens of thousands of years, maybe it can be moved by Yin Mingzheng. 

However, it was not. 

Even if still lonely, he still haughtily raised his chin, "mechanical race disdains to be associated with other races." 

"I don't need company. Even if I do, I just want your company." 

This is undoubtedly a very beautiful love words. 

If the person who said this is not an alien, and the meaning of the words is to trap Yin Mingzheng in the spaceship for life. 

Maybe he saw Yin Mingzheng's unwillingness, and a little panic of fear of losing flashed in his eyes. He jumped off the throne and took his partner's hand: 

"do you still want to return to the human base? Why? They will kill you. " 

Yin Mingzheng was shocked: "kill me?" 

"Am I wrong?" As if in order to retain a partner, when Qing Zhao waved, a blue star small TV about the size of things flew over. 

When the Qing Dynasty to it orders: "calculate Blue Star China first base ability Yin Mingzheng stay in the future of blue star." 

After the command, he turned his head and looked at Yin Mingzheng: "this is wisdom brain. As long as it can absorb data, it can deduce the future of all life on this planet." 

Yin Mingzheng looked at the thing that was called wisdom brain by the time Qing Dynasty. It was a bit like a small human TV, but the whole thing was round. 

Generally speaking, appearance is not in line with the human imagination of the future technology before the invaders came to the blue star. 

At the moment, this "small TV" is showing the calculus that Shi Qing said. A string of numbers and words float by, and he quickly sees several familiar names and faces. 

Finally, the brain gives the result of the calculation. 

Yin Mingzheng's chance of being assassinated before the age of 30 is as high as 70%, the probability of being sold to Zerg is 20%, and the probability of being sent to study by the abolished ability is 10%. 

Conclusion: he can't live more than 30 years old. 

See the results come out, alien teenager familiar pickpocket pulled into the man's stiff arms, nest himself inside, playing with his cuffs, "you saved a lot of people, but not everyone wants you to live, like this time, I just threatened them, those people gave you to me." 

He was soft, like a thorn flower, a little bit tightly hugged Yin Mingzheng, who was staring at the results. His face was like a little prince's innocent smile: "they don't want you, I want you." 

"Stay here and stay with me all the time, OK?" 

Yin Mingzheng has a soft body in her arms, but her eyes have been staring at the result of her wisdom. 

Finally, his always sharp eyes darkened.The man tightened his hand. 

A moment later, Shiqing heard his hoarse voice: 

"OK, I'll stay here and stay with you forever." 

Ding! Yin Mingzheng's rejection: 80 out of 100] 

the system is about to collapse: [didn't he agree? How to still bring up repulsive degree!! ] 

nestled in the arms of Yin Ming Zheng, Shi Qing was like a small leopard, rubbing its prey. 

There was a sweet smile on his face. 

[ready, Yin Mingzheng is stimulated. ] 

[our excitement is coming. ] 




 A huge alien spaceship is floating in the sky, surrounded by human like machines. It can be said that there are at least hundreds of millions of machines, each equipped with weapons that can blow through a building. 

Shiqing stood in front of the transparent glass, looking at the forest below. 

Yin Mingzheng came from behind him and skillfully put the boy in his arms. He heard a low magnetic voice and laughed, "what are you looking at?" 

"Look at the forest." 

Shiqing pointed to the bottom of that piece of forest from high to low, which looked like a microscopic scenery, "my mother star has only one mother tree, no forest." 

Yin Mingzheng also looked down. With his excellent vision, he could clearly see that there were occasionally different forms of Zerg shuttling among the lush trees below. 

His heart sank, this forest clearly belonged to human territory, but now it has fallen into the hands of Zerg? 

Shi Qing raised his eyes and looked at him. His smile was more and more sweet, and he drilled into the man's arms. It was like a small leopard whining and coquettish. He stretched out his delicate fingers and counted carefully: "we will have a baby in 17 years, 11 months and 17 days." 

The sound of the system's mourning follows: "in 20 days' time, we will be thrown out of the world by the world consciousness. ] 

[host, we have been here for ten days, and the rejection of Yin Ming Zheng is still 80. How can we play it. ] 

Shi Qing: [you can play with water. ] 

[what to put? ] 

the system is thinking about what kind of water to put in it, and its big man host is like a boneless one pulling on Yin Mingzheng's body, stretching the sweet and greasy tone, like a little retarded person, asking: "I'll go to the toilet and let water go. Mingzheng will accompany me." 

Yin Mingzheng doesn't feel that Shiqing's request is very retarded. He has been fully used to Shiqing's coquetry and clinging to people these days. He picked him up and carried him all the way to the toilet. 

In this kind of kiss to hug time, the little smart ghost weight is not the same as when the overlord's bow. 

There was no toilet in the spaceship, so the mechanical race didn't need to eat. Naturally, they didn't need toilets. 

After Yin Mingzheng came, there was a toilet here, and in the few days he promised to stay on the spaceship, Shi Qing created a complete set of human excretion system for himself, just like him. 

But he still can't eat human food, usually drink oil at most, so he only needs to pee to go to the toilet. 

anyway, as like as two peas for the sake of intimacy, it is not a real way to be a real man. 

Yin Mingzheng accompanies Shi Qing to go to the toilet, and then sees him happily running to the sink to wash hands and dry. It looks like a child has finished the task assigned by the teacher. She runs to him with the palm of his hand in his hand and asks for praise. 

Since Yin Mingzheng promised to stay, Shiqing's face was almost always smiling, like an indefatigable bird flying around him, learning from him in order to be close to him. 

Shiqing began to sleep like human beings. Every morning, when Yin Mingzheng woke up, he could see the boy sleeping with his eyes closed, long curled and curled eyelashes drooping in his arms. 

Every time at night when human beings need to rest, the alien teenager always runs to the soft bed first. The seal pats the bed with his long legs, waiting for Yin Mingzheng to "sleep" with him. 

Although he won't really fall asleep. 

This point was also discovered by Yin Mingzheng later. Shi Qing studied everything about him diligently, but he only learned the surface. 

One night, when he opened his eyes and saw Shi Qingzheng looking at him with his eyes open, his heart almost missed a beat. 

"Why don't you sleep?" 

"I don't have a human sleep system." Shi Qing blinked and looked at his parts in front of Yin Ming's Zheng nose. 

"You wake up. Let's go through the procedure." 

Because some energetic goblin was pestering himself to go through the procedure, the next day, Yin Mingzheng, who was always on time with his biological clock, actually went to sleep until noon. 

Yin Mingzheng said nothing more on the surface, but never got up later than 6 a.m. 

He is afraid of being assimilated in my Eden for a long time, tut, man. ] 

he also deliberately took the water, knew what Yin Mingzheng thought, and pestered him every night. When Yin Mingzheng refused in a good voice, he was coquettish and coquettish, just like a newborn cat and dog looking for his mother. 

Yin Mingzheng has no choice but to obey him. 

These days down, once heroic human hero eyes directly hung two big black circles. 

The system looks at the host and feels despair. 

He finally realized one thing.His big man host is afraid not patronizing to tease the beautiful man, directly to forget the task behind it. 

Don't say, according to the host's present character, it is really possible. 

But as soon as he wanted to be honest, Shi Qing went to pester Yin Ming Zheng, and then the system had to start mosaic brainwaves. 

There's no way. There's no fun on the spaceship. It's enough to eat and drink. As the saying goes, a big sweetheart is right in front of you, and you won't be wronged. 

After so many rounds, the system has become Buddha. 

On this day, Yin Mingzheng was sleeping. When he was lying on his chest, he drew a circle around his heart. If others saw this picture, they would only feel beautiful. 

But in fact, when the surface is pure and pure, and the eyes are clear, Qingzheng is driving towards the system: [look at my sweetheart's chest muscles. It's typical to wear thin clothes and take off clothes with meat. It's so nice to go up there. ] 

System: [Dao can be Dao, unconventional Dao ] 

[what are you talking about? ] 

the system Buddha Department (despairing) laughs: "I downloaded the Tao Te Ching in the headquarters. I read it occasionally and calmly. ] 

Shi Qing: [you have a good taste in the system. Oh, honey, honey, wake up. ] 

as soon as Yin Mingzheng opened his eyes, as usual, the alien youngsters came to him in the next second and squeezed sticky into his arms. 

"We need to see the small parts of the Ming Zheng." 

The system looks at the mosaic full of screens and is calm and calm ] 

when she was immersed in the Tao Te Ching, Yin Mingzheng finally took the boy off her body on the pretext of having breakfast. 

Shiqing couldn't eat human food, but he wanted to do the same thing with his partner, so he ordered the humanoid to carry a cup of clear oil, bite a straw and rub Yin Mingzheng to drink it. 

His taste system is mechanical, and he feels different when he drinks all kinds of oil. 

For example, today's cup, which tastes like Buddha jumping over the wall. 

Yin Ming Zheng looked spoiled as usual, smiling at the young man drinking oil. Seeing that he was full, he took a tissue to wipe the corners of his mouth, which was a good companion. 

Sure enough, after he had done so, he looked at his eyes more soft and could turn into water. Then he showed the look of a bullying little leopard who wanted to seize the prey. He lay on his partner's knees and watched him eat from the bottom up. 

Yin Ming Zheng simply let out his left hand, as if to pacify the kitten, once and for all, stretched out his hand to brush the young man's soft hair. 

"Shi Qing." 

After dinner, he watched the humanoid machine respectfully bow his head and carry the plate down. While wiping the corner of his mouth with a tissue in his right hand, he asked softly, "can't you really sleep like a human being?" 

When Qing shakes his head, "that wants to do sleep system." 

Yin Mingzheng helped the boy up and laughed at him: "make one. Every night when I fall asleep, you can only watch me. I can't give up." 

Alien teenager's face showed hesitation, he always does not cover up his mind. 

The man looked at his eyes doting: "what's the matter?" 

"I'm afraid you'll run away." 

When Qing hesitated for a moment, or told the truth: "if I sleep, you secretly run away how to do." 

"No way." Yin Mingzheng's eyes were dark, but his smile was still on his face: "I don't have the right to get out of this spaceship. If you fall asleep, I can't run away." 

See when Qing eyes have stubborn, he smile increased, the youth circle in his arms, a pat on the back to comfort: "OK, OK, don't sleep, anyway you are a mechanical race, do not sleep is nothing." 

The boy was lying in his arms, listening to the man's heart beating, whispering: "if you add a sleep system, you need to add the human heart to connect the brain waves. If the heart is injured, I will also be injured. This is the weakness. The mechanical race can not have the weakness." 

"It's OK. I just mentioned it casually. Shiqing can't sleep. I can accompany you without sleeping. It doesn't matter if I sleep a few hours less." 

"Really?" The boy was really happy, his eyes rubbed bright, and gave the man a bear hug with a soft smile: "Mingzheng, you are so good! I like Mingzheng best 

Yin Mingzheng hugs him with a smile and pats Shi Qing's back. Her eyes are dark and deep. She doesn't know what she is thinking. 

From this day on, the man did not sleep. 

When Yin Mingzheng woke up after only three hours' sleep on the first day, Shi Qing was still very happy and was excited to pester him all night. However, the next day, Yin Mingzheng's spirit began to be not very good. On the third day, his expression began to be in a trance, and he often could not respond to Shi Qing's words. 

When Qing asked him to sleep, he insisted that he wanted to accompany him, so as not to be bored when he fell asleep. 

The smile on the youth's face is also less and less, always full of pure joy in the eyes also seems to be filled with a layer of sadness mist. 

Finally, on the fourth day, Yin Mingzheng opened his eyes and did not see the alien teenager. He got up and asked the humanoid machine beside him: "where is Shiqing?""Wang is in the lookout cabin." 

Yin Mingzheng went to the observation cabin. Along the way, those humanoid machines who could easily blow a wound on him bowed respectfully. 

He is Wang's companion and has the greatest authority except the king. 

Finally, the man went to the observation cabin, he saw the scene inside and was stunned in situ. 

In the silver white, above the throne, the boy's chest opened, some manipulators were running in front of him, and then a mechanical heart was put in. 

- bang bang bang. 

The next moment, the mechanical heart beat in Shiqing's body. 

His skin began to heal naturally. Soon, the boy opened his eyes and gave a big smile to Yin Mingzheng. His eyes were full of joy: 

"Mingzheng, I also have a heart, I am just like you! We can sleep together later 

Yin Ming Zheng was staring at the scene, half loud, and barely squeezed out a smile on his face. 

"Yes, we are the same." 

But he knew it very well. 

It's not the same. 

He is a human being, and Shiqing is a mechanical race, which can never be changed. 

On the night of that day, Yin Mingzheng opened her eyes under the light yellow light. 

He slowly got up and looked at Shi Qing, who was lying on his side. 

When the clear sleep is very sweet, ruddy lips slightly toot, eyelashes droop, like a safe little prince who does not know the world. 

One hand is still on the body of Yin Ming Zheng. 

Yin Mingzheng looked at his sleeping face, his expression was complex, his hands were slowly extended, and his powers were around his palms, aiming at the young man's heart. 

As long as he hits, the mechanical heart that has just learned to beat will stop beating. 

Shiqing, the alien who has been preventing him from returning to the human base, will also die. 

When he died, all the humanoid machines he had made would be paralyzed. 

Yin Ming Zheng could escape smoothly. 

The man's hand trembled, more and more close to the side of this unprepared sleeping body. 

The boy is still sleeping quietly, not knowing the danger. 

So quiet, cute, innocent. 

He never waited for Yin Mingzheng, but shared everything with his partner. 

Yin Mingzheng clenched her fist, twisted her face and took her hand back. 

Under the light yellow light, the man slowly got up, tucked in the corner for the youth, and left the Eden which had been trapped for more than ten days. 

He did not know, after he left, peace sleep when Qing slowly opened his eyes. 

With a wave of the hand, a light screen showing the ship's map appeared in the center of the room. 

Above, a red dot follows the corridor all the way to the supply bunker. After taking the flight equipment, he quickly turns to one of the five exits of the spacecraft. 

In the exit guard giant machine is scanning him, at the same time, time clear here also received the giant machine transmission from the picture. 

Above, Yin Mingzheng was carrying a flying device, and his sharp eyes were watching his angle of view, that is, giant machinery. 

"Request to ask, whether to release." 

Shiqing went back, gently raised her eyebrows, and lifted a cup of Gongbao chicken flavored oil which was respectfully sent by human like machines: 

"release." 

- dee. 

The exit door opened slowly, and Yin Mingzheng took a look at the silvery white behind him, flashed his guilt in his eyes, then turned his head and jumped down without hesitation. 

Ding! Yin Ming Zheng rejection: 60 out of 100] 




 Yin Mingzheng walked alone in the desolate desert. 

This desert is the territory of the Zerg. Because of the sparsely populated population, there are not many Zerg. He tries to keep a low profile. Once a Zerg finds him, he immediately kills him. 

He found that his power energy was much higher than before, and his control power was far better than before. 

Yin Mingzheng thought for the first time that Shiqing had been pressing on him with a few tons of weight for more than ten days, forcing him to lift himself with his powers. 

When you have dinner, you should hold it. 

Let water go, hold it. 

Sleep, to embrace. 

He is just like a little baby. He wants to be accompanied all the time. 

But after knowing how Shiqing had spent these tens of thousands of years, Yin Mingzheng had to admit that such a baby made him not bored at all. 

On the contrary, there is a trace of affection. 

Looking at the low-level Zerg with three feet and six eyes, a howl was turned into ashes under his own hands, but Yin Mingzheng's eyes seemed to be sticky and clever. When he woke up, he could not find his blank expression. 

Shi Qing told him that the spaceship has been rising, because the blue star has the relationship of gravity, the spaceship rises very slowly, unlike those humanoid machines that can easily go up and down. The day before Yin Mingzheng escaped, the boy also said that there was only one day left for them to leave the blue star. 

It was because of this sentence that Yin Mingzheng, who had planned to make sure that he was safe, chose to take the risk and escaped from the spaceship on the first night when Shiqing just learned to sleep. 

He no longer wants to think about whether Shiqing will send someone to kill him when he wakes up. 

At that time, the best solution was to kill Shi Qing to solve the hidden trouble, but Yin Mingzheng couldn't do it. 

No matter how excited he is, he is still the gentle and kind human hero. 

The bottom line is not to kill women and children, and no matter how high his status, how many subordinates, and how strong his ability is, Yin Mingzheng believes that this is just a child. 

It's just like Shi Qing read before: a baby of several thousand years old. 

On the first night of leaving the spaceship, Yin Mingzheng didn't sleep well. 

In the past ten days, Shiqing has been sticking to him all the time. Obviously, he only got along with him for more than ten days, but it seems that he has been getting along with him for more than ten years. 

It's very useful to stick to your sweetheart like a sticky cake. 

Without the alien youth, the soft and warm body is like a little dog, rubbing around in his arms. 

Also did not have him to move a little, by the side person Octopus like firm hoop. 

Yin Ming Zheng woke up several times in the middle of the night, always feeling empty in his arms, as if something was missing. 

When he heard the birds flying in the woods, he would stretch out his hand and habitually pat the boy's back to coax him. 

Of course, when the outstretched hand falls into space, people open their eyes from sleep. 

Yin Mingzheng didn't think he liked men all the time, but after countless systematic exchanges with Shi Qing, an iron man, some of the most important tools for human reproduction came out from time to time to brush a sense of existence, and he was not sure about his sexual orientation. 

After tossing and tossing for several times, it was light, and he could only sigh and continue to travel in a complex mood. 

When he was on his way, he could not see the place where he could not see. Shi Qing was sitting in his small spaceship with a straw in his mouth, drinking "juice" while controlling the ship, and falling behind Yin Mingzheng. 

Unlike Yin Ming Zheng, who had to travel during the day and rest at night in the sun and wind, Shiqing had everything he wanted in the spaceship. As long as he lay down comfortably, he could always track the man in front of him. 

After a day of chasing, he felt a little bored and began to poke the system: "I'm a novice. This is the first world. Should you give a gift bag to a novice. ] 

the system is hesitant: [yes, it is, but this is the first reward for world success, which can only be given after success. ] 

when you listen to the tone, you will know that the system has the right to reward ahead of time. With a smile, you will be able to guide and guide: [do you think I will not be able to complete the task? ] 

when the system looks at the rejection degree of 60, it really feels a little suspended. 

Although it is said that if the degree of exclusion is less than 50, it will not be excluded from the world, but the degree of exclusion will be more difficult to reduce 

Shi Qing seemed to be stimulated by the silence of the system, and his tone was lost: "don't you believe me so much? Do you really think that I've been addicted to beauty for more than ten days, taking advantage of big baby? Am I the kind of person who only cares about pleasure in your heart! ] 

Mengxin system immediately panicked. 

[no host, of course not. How can you indulge in beauty and enjoy pleasure? I'll give you a reward now!! ] 

then he took out a white jade bottle and gave it to Shi Qing. 

[this is rosemary pollen. As long as you sprinkle it, people with higher strength will sleep soundly. During the process of sleeping, you can improve your mental strength and treat your body's hidden diseases. It takes five hours to work. ] Shi Qing holds the white jade bottle, and his lost look suddenly turns to be in high spirits and leans on the chair. ] 

[I'm addicted to beauty and pleasure. ] 

System: [ ] 

System: [woo woo woo woo ] 

[OK, don't cry or cry. Since I have won the award, this task will be completed. ] 

Shiqing throws the white jade bottle up, catches it again, throws it again and catches it again. 

What can I do with this thing ] 

the system that is quick to cry and easy to be coaxed into thinking actively: [the host can be used to deal with Zerg. If you sprinkle a little bit, you can do whatever you want! ] 

[do what you want ] 

when the white jade bottle was slowly rotated between the white and slender fingers, a pair of silver eyes gradually revealed a kind of thinking: 

[you are right, do whatever you want. ] 

it's hard to give advice, and the adopted system is happy like New Year's day. 

It knows, it is still very useful! 

Yin Mingzheng was in a complex mood. From the second night of his journey, although he began to sleep normally, he also began to dream of communicating with mechanical systems. 

In the dream, he seemed to return to the spaceship of Eden. 

The alien teenager's sticky nest is in his arms, playing with his coat zipper like a kitten. 

When he got up the next day, Yin Mingzheng would find that he had been entangled in the spaceship every day, and the parts that had not been disarmed surrendered in his sleep. 

It can be imagined that this has always been a man who has no desire and never had a similar dream. 

After dark, there are fewer and fewer Zerg in the desert. Because the lower Zerg patronize the evolutionary force, their brains and eyesight develop in general. At night, it is their time to rest. 

Yin Mingzheng, who has a good night vision ability, found a low-lying area, covered it with clothes, and barely used it as a bed. 

He laid a trap around him to make sure that there were Zerg near him. After he could wake up immediately, the man lay on the trap because he knew that he would continue to dream tonight. His mood was a little complicated. 

It's not because of resistance, but because of perceiving the hidden expectation in the bottom of my heart. 

But his time is short. If he stays in the desert for one more day, he will have to fall asleep quickly to replenish his energy, so that he can move on the next day. 

Yin Mingzheng's breath gradually calmed down, but his hands were always clenched. Once there was any wind and grass, the man who seemed to be sleeping soundly would open his eyes and throw out his killing moves. 

The wind in the desert blows over the man's face. 

A small spaceship floated silently over him. 

Although there was no sound, Yin Ming Zheng seemed to feel the unusual atmosphere in the air, frowning slightly, as if to open his eyes at the next moment. 

"Hoo --" 

Shiqing expertly blows pollen from the palm of his hand to the one below. 

Yin Ming Zheng's frown brow slowly flattened after being contaminated with pollen, and went back to deep sleep. 

When the system watched, Qingqing jumped to the ground and went directly into the man's arms. He adjusted a good posture comfortably. 

It held on and on, but it didn't stop it Host, I don't feel good about it. ] 

[why not? I didn't do anything. ] 

Shi Qing enjoyed pressing, squinting and getting ready to go to bed: [you see, I didn't do anything to him. ] 

the system is speechless. 

Yes, Shi Qing would not do anything to Yin Ming Zheng. 

But Yin Ming Zheng Hui!! 

The man who had been used to getting along with the time and Qing Dynasty for more than ten days felt the close of his soft body in his sleep. Almost subconsciously, he stretched out his hand and circled the man in his arms, so he closed his eyes and began to go through the procedure. 

The mosaic system silently opens its own repository. 

[Dao can be Dao, extraordinary Dao ] 

[name can be given name, non name ] After a few days of hard work, Yin Mingzheng finally came to the gate of the human base. 

He didn't cover up, he just walked to the door. 

I want to know that when those people handed him over, they didn't think that he could come back alive. Naturally, they couldn't do anything else. 

So it's best for him to stand up. 

Sure enough, as soon as Yin Mingzheng appeared, the people at the gate of the base were shocked and couldn't believe it, and then they were ecstatic. 

"General Yin is back!!! General Yin is back 

"What?! Is general Yin really back?! " 

"Great, general Yin, you are still alive." 

In the general atmosphere of Chinese new year, while observing this side from the invisible spaceship, Qing Qing watched a woman with a happy face and pitifully jumped into the arms of Yin Ming Zheng.Although Yin Mingzheng dodged, she didn't look like she was simply happy and didn't pay attention to her behavior. 

[system, who is this person. ] 

the system scans for a moment: [General Zhao's only daughter, Zhao has always wanted to marry Yin Ming Zheng. ] 

after saying that, considering the fact that the Qing Dynasty is superior to Yin Ming Zheng these days, it also adds a very humanized sentence: "the host doesn't care about her. In the original plot, she didn't succeed. Later, she betrayed Yin Ming Zheng in the later stage and returned to the Zerg clan. Finally, she was killed by the Yinming Zheng group. She is a relatively backward middle boss. ] 

[no, I don't care. ] 

Shi Qingyuan looks far away at the woman in white among the gray clothes? ] 

[yes, the white lotus Host, what do you do? ] 

Shiqing jumped out of the spaceship, tore the clothes of her upper body a few times, then grabbed a handful of ashes on the ground, and gently touched her white cheek. 

Make a white lotus. ] 

the system began to feel bad. 

In such a bad intuition, it wittily took out the Tao Te Ching in advance. 

"Brother Mingzheng, I'm really worried about you. Fortunately, you're OK. I didn't even eat much food during this period. I'm worried about whether you'll suffer..." 

Even if Yin Mingzheng avoided herself, the woman still cried pitifully, and the person who heard it was sad and saw her cry: "you are all so thin..." 

She said and raised her eyes to see how much Yin Ming Zheng had lost. As a result, her words were directly stuck in her throat. 

For more than ten days, Yin Mingzheng not only ate but also slept, or went through the process with Shi Qing. Even in the desert, she had rosemary pollen every night to enhance her mental strength. She looked stronger than before she left the base. 

The woman stuck for a few seconds, and then turned around, "if you're OK, I won't worry if you're OK. Cough..." 

The friends who followed her immediately said, "general Yin, these days are wonderful for you. You have been ill for a long time because you can't eat well or sleep well." 

The woman shook her head weakly, "I'm ok, I'm just..." 

- "cough..." 

A small cough burst out behind them. 

Yin Mingzheng, who was still wringing her eyebrows and didn't know what to think, was stiff and turned around. 

Shi Qing stood not far from the gate of the base, his clothes were torn several pieces, and his always white and spotless cheek was also stained with some grey. Now he was looking at him with red eyes and a face full of grievances. 

Seeing Yin Ming Zheng, the young man's pale silver eyes seemed to be filled with tears for a moment. His body was as weak as if he could be blown down by the wind, and the light in his eyes seemed to fall all over his face in a blink of an eye. 

"Ming Zheng, cough..." 

Yin Mingzheng's brain was blank. He didn't even have time to think about why Shiqing appeared here, and why he was in such a mess. His body had already stridden forward in his mind and came to the young man several times. He skillfully held him in his arms and untied his coat to cover the parts exposed by the broken clothes. 

He opened his mouth, and his voice was astringent: "Shiqing..." 

When the soft Xi Xi Xi lean in his arms, a little questioning his meaning is not, like before in the spaceship, elongated sweet greasy tone coquettish: "where have you been, I have been looking for you for a long time." 

With that, he was very weak. The white lotus rubbed against the man's arms, and his voice was full of grievances. He whined: "it's terrible here. I've met a lot of dangers, and my clothes are all broken..." 

This is a bit of affectation, but on a young man like a little prince, Yin Mingzheng only felt pity and guilt, and could not help but tightly held the young man's hand. 

And when Qing Ying finished, he also glanced at the woman who was robbed of human equipment by cutting Hu. She was so angry that her face was stiff. The next second, it seemed that she was scared by her ugly face. The rabbit buried her head in the man's arms. 

Weak, pitiful and timid: 

"woo I'm so scared. " 

All around the system: [ ] for such a superb performance, if it hadn't been for watching Shiqing play games and sleep in the daytime and indulge in beauty at night, it would have believed it. 

Are you guys, acting so well? 




 When Qing played the role of white lotus, it was natural. 

His face was buried in Yin Mingzheng's arms, and his body was shaking slightly, like a frightened little animal. He asked the man holding him pitifully: "Mingzheng, didn't you promise to accompany me all the time?" 

"Why do I wake up? You're gone." 

"I..." 

Yin Ming Zheng's throat was full of sour, feeling the young man's shaking body in his arms, and he didn't know how to answer. 

He thought about many possibilities. 

Shi Qing may send people to hunt him down. 

Or think he betrayed himself. 

But he never thought that Shiqing could leave the ship and appear in front of him in such an unknown way. 

Even though Shi Qing is already tens of thousands of years old, he spent the past tens of thousands of years alone in the spaceship. Except for the weight that can be changed at any time, Yin Mingzheng has never seen Shi Qing show any force. 

Yeah, the king of the mechanical race doesn't need force. 

As long as he stays on the ship, there will be tens of thousands of machines to protect him and meet all his needs. 

Now, he left the ship for the sake of Yin Mingzheng. 

The huge guilt and the inability to rely on the youth fill the whole heart of men. 

What would he say? 

Do you want to say that he has been scheming for a long time and added weakness to his body by deceiving Shi Qing? 

When Yin Mingzheng didn't know how to answer, Zhao Miaomiao, who was startled by the sudden incident, finally responded. She did not miss the man's cautious attitude towards Shi Qing. She lowered her gloomy eyes and showed a friendly smile to Shiqing: 

"where is this child from? Look at the poor, brother Mingzheng. I have the best medical doctor there. Why don't you take him to me and I'll show him to him. " 

Yin Mingzheng was also a little worried about whether there was any injury to Shiqing. Now Shiqing has human organs on his body, which is not like a machine with 100 injuries. 

Of course, it's impossible to go to someone else's therapist. 

When Qing was special, he would naturally go to a trusted medical doctor. 

Thinking like this, the man bowed his head and said in a warm voice, "when Qing, you come down first, I'll take you to see a doctor." 

Shi Qing hugged Yin Ming Zheng's neck with no cooperation, "I don't want to go down, I want you to hold me." 

Zhao Miaomiao was naturally instructed by Shi Qing to make Yin Mingzheng's attitude blurred, and then his heart was filled with joy. 

When Yin Mingzheng was in the base, she had been around him, trying to please him, but Yin Mingzheng had always been indifferent to her. 

Zhao Miaomiao spent a lot of time to understand why Yin Ming Zheng was such an attitude. He himself was a man of many swords and mountains, so he didn't like a delicate person the most. 

Zhao Miaomiao, a delicate young lady who still goes shopping for beauty every day in such a serious situation, of course, will not be liked by him. 

After knowing why Yin Mingzheng didn't feel for herself, Zhao Miaomiao never mentioned new jewelry and clothes in front of him, and joined the medical team under her father's name. 

Although it's just a name, she's still a job. 

Unfortunately, although Yin Mingzheng didn't agree to get married, she had a better attitude towards her. However, when the Zerg attacked, Zhao Miaomiao got a little hurt on her hand and lost his temper at the medical soldier who was taking care of her. When the food on the hand fell on the medical soldier, Yin Mingzheng hit him. From that day on, he was not only not moved, but also more and more towards Zhao Miaomiao Avoid it. 

It can be seen how much he does not like delicate people. 

Now, the wild boy who didn't know where to jump out even asked Yin Mingzheng to take him to dinner. 

Zhao Miaomiao's anger disappeared and was replaced by schadenfreude. 

Watch it. 

Yin Mingzheng will not agree. 

After her death, those who were in a hurry after learning that her eldest brother was coming back also heard this sentence from Shiqing. 

Suddenly step a meal, are a face of miserable. 

They followed their eldest brother for such a long time. Of course, they knew Yin Ming Zheng better than Zhao Miaomiao. 

He is completely strict with himself and strict with others. 

As everyone knows, what Yin Mingzheng dislikes most is that kind of person who is coquettish and wants others to do everything. 

Because of his forthright temper, he did not get along well with some of the second generation of Quan in the base. This time, in order to save ordinary civilians, several rich second generation in the base also held parties to celebrate. 

Now, this can not see the face of the young dare to drill into the arms of their boss, but also dare to instruct their boss. 

The powers can't bear to look straight. 

Mom, the boy won't be thrown out by their boss. 

However 

Yin Mingzheng, who had been used to taking care of the long live baby all the time, was not angry. Instead, she had a gentle smile on her face. The magnetic voice sounded low, and the very skilled warm voice coaxed the boy in his arms"Good, you're a little heavy. Why don't you come down first?" 

Zhao Miaomiao: 

The powers: -- 

Shi Qing raised his face from the man's arms. He didn't see the group of people whose chin would fall on the ground. He would not help but hum and chirp: "no, just don't. If I become lighter, Mingzheng will be able to move me." 

A group of people whose chin is about to fall into the Pacific Ocean What nonsense, can people lighten up if they want to? It's not like that. 

And the most strange thing is that their Yan team, the boss who always looks serious to any beauty, actually actually nodded with the strange boy. 

"Well, be good. I'll take you to the doctor." 

A group of people said again 

That's what it says. 

It's like the boy is really getting lighter. 

When they looked "Ma ye, am I dreaming? Is this really my boss?" Yin Ming Zheng coaxed Shi Qing in a low voice, and his expression returned to their familiar coldness, and raised his eyes to sweep them away. 

Contact with familiar eyes, a group of people subconsciously stand up straight, straight spine, eyes straight ahead. 

Yin Mingzheng glanced at the past and saw that there were not a few people in the group of powers. Then she was relieved. 

Also, when these boys came to meet him, they only had joy, but no anger and injustice. It can be seen that they did not know the truth that he was betrayed at the beginning. 

Since I don't know, how can those people be willing to get rid of these powerful powers. 

With the current situation in mind, the man looked pale and asked, "where is Lao Huang?" 

Lao Huang is the physician he is familiar with, a rare healing ability. 

Zheng Liu, the oldest in the psionic team, stood out with his hands on his back and made a military salute before replying: "the Third Army in the base is treating the wounded soldier." 

"I'll go to him. You can do whatever you want. Come to me for a meeting tonight." 

With that, the man with the wind and frost but still tall and straight turned into the base with the boy in his arms. He didn't look at Zhao Miaomiao who wanted to talk to him and couldn't find an opportunity. 

The psionic team only relaxed after the boss left. Most of them were young people. They were very active at ordinary times. At the moment, the eldest brother who thought he had sacrificed came back well. He who was in high spirits did not want it. 

"The boss is the boss!! I knew he was going to be OK 

"I think the boss looks more powerful than before. Although he doesn't feel the power level, I can feel that he's advanced." 

"Well, you say, who is the man held by the boss? I have never seen such a good attitude from the boss." 

Someone made a firm decision: "who else can it be, sister-in-law?" 

After the invasion of Zerg, human beings lost a lot in the first wave of escape. Among them, the death rate of women who couldn't keep up with men was the highest. However, after settling down in the base, some men chose to digest internally. They were not surprised that men and men fell in love with each other. 

To say it's strange, it's strange that their eldest brother still has someone he likes. 

A group of people giggle, is no one to look at the side of Zhao Miaomiao, is a pair of her when the air. 

Zhao Miaomiao's face was livid. Seeing that they were happy, Zhao Miaomiao took a mouthful at the wild boy. She could not help it. She turned around and left with a cold face. 

What sister-in-law, Yin Mingzheng just came back, she has plenty of opportunities! 

After she left, the young powers felt very relieved. 

Before Zhao Miaomiao liked them one by one. Although they didn't dare to match them up, they all acquiesced that Zhao Miaomiao was their future sister-in-law. 

As a result, the day after their eldest brother died by default, she turned her target to play with the people their boss had never dealt with. She did not feel sad and didn't say anything. She also looked like a celebration. She changed her attitude towards them. She even suggested that they should be allowed to become the base authority of Zerg guardians Second generation bodyguards. 

Now, the boss is back, and she pretends to care for whom to show. 

"Bah! Even she is worthy of wishful thinking 

One of the powers snorted coldly: "I think the boy brought back by the boss is very good. Although he seems to have no power and is a little bit more delicate, it is better than Zhao Miaomiao, the poisonous snake." 

"It seems to me that I used to study psychology. The eldest one was a strong man. The most suitable one is the kind of delicate lover who is completely controlled by him and can let him completely control the situation in his feelings. Isn't that the boy just now?" 

Others agreed, but others were worried: "it's just that the temperament is a little soft. In this way, if the boss really recognizes him, let's all help him and take care of him when he is not in, so as to avoid being bullied by others." 

In the base, Shi Qing, who was regarded as "soft tempered" and "completely controlled", was carried into the house by Yin Mingzheng. 

As soon as he entered the room, he jumped off the ground, directly increased his weight, and pushed Yin Mingzheng to the wall.The boy with a delicate face did not speak much. One hand held Yin Mingzheng and the other pulled the man's coat which was forced against the wall. 

"Shiqing, wait..." 

Yin Ming Zheng held out his hand in a hurry to stop him, but he was directly suppressed by Shiqing. 

"Wait Oh 

“…… Shi Qing, listen to me first... " 

A minute later, Yin Mingzheng gave up the struggle and began to walk the labor procedure of man and machine. 

Five minutes later, Shi Qing, like a full cub, leaned obediently in the man's arms, with slender fingers under his coat, his face full of satisfaction. 

Yin Ming Zheng, who was still pressed on the wall, finally eased up. The released hands slowly hugged the boy in his arms and asked in a hoarse voice, "how did you leave the spaceship?" 

"I've come to see you." 

Shi Qing felt full of flexibility, cozy squinted her beautiful eyes, rubbed her face against Yin Ming Zheng, and made a grievance: "I wake up, you will disappear, the spacecraft is flying too slowly, I'm afraid I can't find you, so I came by myself." 

[system, give a wound. ] 

being immersed in the mosaic, he was reading the Tao Te Ching, which was unable to extricate himself from the system. With the help of ten Buddhas, he created a wound. 

Shi Qing raised his hand and showed Yin Mingzheng the long and thin scratch on the back of his hand which "must be treated quickly, or it will be cured". His face was full of grievances: 

"you see, I am all injured." 

Yin Mingzheng was seriously injured. 

On his back, beside his heart, there were all wounds enough to make him dying. 

But those, did not see the juvenile grievance raised his hand to see the wound to let him suffer. 

When Qing Wang looked at him, his eyes were still clear. 

The aggrieved look was simply because he couldn't be found. 

Not because of his escape. 

Yin Mingzheng's heart complex, guilty, gently, pitifully touched the small wound with parts. 

"I'll fix it." 

When the man will clear the circle in his arms, like a dragon encircle his treasure. 

"I promise you, it will be OK." 

Ding! The rejection degree of Yin Ming Zheng: 40 out of 100] 




 Yin Mingzheng brought Shiqing to the room where he used to live. 

Since his "sacrifice", the base has closed the room, and no one has moved inside, which makes it look like they respect Yin Mingzheng for the outside world. 

The man originally planned to put Shi Qing in the room first, and then go to look for Lao Huang to show him whether he needs treatment or not. 

As a result, because of Shi Qing's obsession with Yin Mingzheng, he didn't see himself as a medical doctor. 

When Qing took his hand, pressed on his heart, to feel the beating mechanical heart, aggrieved in a low voice: "in order to find you, I did not sleep." 

"I'm a human body now. It's hard not to sleep." 

When a young man with a weak voice and a pathetic expression appeared naturally, Yin Mingzheng could not refuse him. 

In particular, Shi Qing also moved out the mechanical heart of Yin Ming Zheng's fooling him. 

So two people comfortable nest together, long lost together to sleep. 

For Yin Ming Zheng. 

Anyway, Shiqing these days can be confused every night, he drilled into his arms to sleep. 

Yin Ming Zheng was too tired. 

Along the way, he felt the reproach from his heart, worried that Shi Qing would catch up with him, and at the same time he had to guard against the nearby Zerg. He was nervous almost every second when he was awake. 

He can persist until the base has not fallen down, relying on his strong will power, and then there is the rosemary given by Shiqing every night to cure his fatigue. 

Only the physical fatigue can be cured, but the mental fatigue needs his own adjustment. 

If Shiqing didn't appear, Yin Mingzheng would only bear it in silence and act as if nothing had happened. 

But his little prince appeared. 

Like a little leopard who never gives up if he doesn't achieve his goal, he pours into his arms with a full body of confusion. 

Before he reacts, the little leopard sucks his clothes and moans wrongly. Instead of blaming the prey for running away, he is still full of dependence. 

It has to be said that at this moment, Yin Mingzheng felt more guilty, but at the same time, he felt a great sense of satisfaction. 

This night, like a dragon, he circled his treasure and had a beautiful sleep. 

Before going to bed, Yin Mingzheng made a decision. 

Since Shiqing gave up the spaceship and came to him, he must protect him. 

It was for his sake that Shi Qing had his weakness, which was his responsibility. 

At the same time, Yin Mingzheng remembers the promise he made last night, and his memory begins to return. He closes his eyes and thinks about Shiqing's weak and timid appearance yesterday, and his heart rises with pity. 

Poor little guy, he must be scared when he left the ship for the first time. 

He's just a baby of tens of thousands of years old. 

Yin Mingzheng decided to spare time today to comfort Shi Qing so that he would not be so afraid. When he made a decision, he was about to open his eyes and suddenly felt something was wrong with him. 

Feeling the familiar warmth and coolness, Yin Ming Zheng slowly opened his eyes. 

Then, saw is diligently diligently diligently with the spare parts exploration research time Qing. 

As if feeling the man's eyes, the young man looked up excitedly and said, "you wake up." 

"Come on, let's go." 

Human hero:.... " 

Under the sight of full of expectation, the man sat up. 

It took an hour. 

An hour later, Shi Qing, who was satisfied with his feet, regained his lovely and soft appearance. he was lying on the head of the bed with a pair of slightly round eyes and curious about the things on the bedside table. 

Seeing the young boy holding the glass cup on the bedside table curiously looked up and down, Yin Mingzheng rarely gave a dry cough. 

"Is this a Ming Zheng? What is it? " 

Sure enough, Shi Qing, like a curious baby, quickly turned around and asked. 

Yin Mingzheng's face was a little uncomfortable, but she still replied: "it's the trophy I used to participate in the competition." 

In peacetime, he was just a good-looking and gentle ordinary man. His parents took him to participate in the competition when he was a teenager. Later, his parents died in a car accident. Yin Mingzheng took the trophy as a sustenance. Even if the Zerg invade later, human beings did not forget to take it with him when they evacuated. 

It's a bit silly, though, to keep your teenage trophies. 

Fortunately, Shiqing is an alien and should not understand this. 

Time Qing if thoughtful holding the cup and looked at it before putting it back. 

This cup is made of glass. After so many things, Yin Mingzheng can protect it so well. You can imagine how much importance he attaches to it. 

When the alien teenager was like a curious little dog who had just moved to his new home, he tumbled around the house and turned over all the things that had been put in the house by Yin Mingzheng, and then he was satisfied to lie back on the bed with a look of ease."It's all about the Ming Zheng." 

Although he knew that Shi Qing was simply talking about the taste, Yin Mingzheng, an old driver who was no longer pure, flashed some pictures that were not in line with the values of a harmonious society. 

The human hero tried to get his mind back to normal and began to ask, "Shiqing, how did you leave the spaceship? Do you want to go back?" 

"Of course, I'm here to take Mingzheng back." 

Shi Qing answered happily. 

Yin Ming Zheng was stunned, and then his eyes were stained with bitterness, "What if I'm not going back? " 

The alien youth looked back at him blankly, a pair of silver white eyes were stunned, as if abandoned in general, so fixed to look at the man did not speak. 

Finally, Yin Mingzheng couldn't stand his gaze and asked, "if you want, Shiqing, you can stay in the base and live with me." 

When Qing eyes flash, but soon, a stubborn and arrogant head tilted up: "mechanical race will not help other races." 

"I don't need your help." 

Obviously, the atmosphere is very heavy, but you can see the young man's action. The man is still amused. He simply stretched out his long arm and put the man in his arms. His voice was soft: "you have been trapped in the spaceship, don't you want to see what the outside world looks like? Stay. You don't have to do anything. Just live well. " 

"I know you're afraid I'll take you away. Forget it. You're my partner. I'll let you." 

The alien youth played like a fool, humming and hawing in Yin Ming Zheng's arms, and in his beautiful eyes, he also took a firm determination: "the intelligent brain can't make mistakes." 

He vented his resentment in the man's arms and rolled, muttering in a low voice: "I'll be here with you reluctantly. When you are betrayed by human beings, you will go back with me." 

Yin Mingzheng's eyes are dark. 

Before that, he only wanted to guard the base, and never doubted that some people in the base would want to attack him. 

Now, even if he knew it, he didn't want to shrink back. 

If there is a hard rock in the way, kick it away. 

If there is a villain in the way, kill it. 

He died once, anyway. 

The man bowed his head and looked at the boy rolling in his arms. He stretched out his hand and touched his small head. "OK, we'll wait and see." 

Why do I always think he treats me as a child? Isn't repulsion down? ] 

after reading the Tao Te Ching for an hour, the system bubbled, the voice was soft, and the tone was flattering: [yes, it was reduced to 40 Oh host. According to the regulations of the universe exclusion degree, more than 50 is the standard exclusion, and below 50 is the normal rejection. At present, the 40 degree of rejection of Yin Mingzheng to the host shows that he is friendly to you but not intimate with each other, Otherwise, in case there is something, he will rub up and go back. ] 

Shi Qing was affected by the tender tone of the system. 

What's the matter with your voice? Change back. ] 

system confusion: [does the host not like it? This is the first time that the host has reduced the rejection level to 50. I will give you a reward. ] 

[change, change back! ] 

the system committee has changed its grievances. 

Shi Qingwo was in the arms of Yin Ming Zheng, playing with his cuffs. 

I didn't expect that Yin Mingzheng seemed to be obedient to him, and his eyes were gentle enough to drip out of the water. He didn't really regard him as a lover in his heart. 

Generally speaking, such a man is either slag or flower. 

But Yin Ming Zheng is obviously neither. 

He is simply responsible. 

However, when something happens, if his guilt and responsibility are overburdened, his rejection will still rise. 

So it's still a strategy game. 

When the system is afraid, the pressure of clearing is high, and he comforts: "don't be afraid of the host. Generally speaking, the rejection rate is very difficult to rise ] 

just as he was saying this, he suddenly remembered the scene of Yin Ming Zheng's soaring rejection degree last time, and he suddenly got stuck. 

Shi Qing didn't feel the pressure at all. He was very excited to dive into the arms of Yin Ming Zheng, and almost did not laugh. 

[exciting, I like it! ] Under the protection of Yin Mingzheng, a human hero with great prestige in the base, Shi Qingshun settled down in the base. 

His daily routine is to drink tea, watch TV dramas, go shopping hand in hand, and then have a serious human and mechanical ethnic communication with Yin Mingzheng. 

After seeing the rejection rate drop to 40 and no longer worry about being thrown out by the world consciousness all the time, the system is elated. Even in the face of a full mosaic every day, the system can read the Tao Te Ching very happily. 

Shiqing is undoubtedly very popular in the ranks of the powers. 

In today's world, capable powers fight to defend the base. Even teenagers are wearing frost and look like adults.Civilians are even more miserable. They are trapped in the base every day, numb and tired. When the Zerg attack, they can only shiver and hide in the house waiting for rescue. 

In such a situation, Shiqing, who is so delicate and soft, can speak sweet and coquettish, but does not hinder others (he only interferes with Yin Ming Zheng), is of course very popular. 

In particular, he is still the heart of Yin Ming Zheng treasure, even for the sake of Yin Ming Zheng, these powers also want to hold him in the palm of his hand carefully. 

What's more, on the second day after arriving at the base, the little prince, who had been wandering around for a while, happily ran into Yin Mingzheng's arms and announced to him: 

"I also want to have powers!" 

The man skillfully held him in his arms, while helping him to arrange his hair, which was a little messy because of his excitement, while laughing and coaxing: "the power is not something that exists." 

"I can have it. My body now has human constructs. I can also have powers if I want to!" 

Yin Mingzheng was stunned, but he didn't expect it. 

But when he asked Shiqu Qing before, Shiqing refused to call on humanoid machines. He was so silly to stay in the base with the human body full of weak points, and he was well protected by Yin Mingzheng. 

At a certain time, the Qing Dynasty attracted the worry that the machinery would take him away if he was not satisfied. Yin Mingzheng also obeyed him and said nothing more. 

It's just that when I go out to do tasks, I'm not as secure as before. 

It's like a person who has lived alone for a long time, and has a baby cat that hasn't been weaned at home. 

The baby cat is too small, soft and tender. It has not been weaned. It can only crawl. Its voice is small and delicate. It can't live without being fed. 

How can I put it down in my heart? I have to think about what the baby cat is doing at home. Is she hungry? Is she afraid. 

Now when he learned that Shi qingneng had powers, Yin Mingzheng was relieved. He held the young boy in his arms and asked him, "can you control any powers by yourself?" 

"Yes, I can change my internal molecular structure to match the amount of air power in the planet." 

Although it sounds like a little bit of pulling, but fortunately, Yin Ming Zheng has been used to this kind of sounds very loud, but it is very real words. 

He thought for a moment and said, "you can use the thunder power. This is the most powerful, and you can also protect yourself by the thunder in the sky." 

"No 

Shi Qing refused. 

Yin Mingzheng coaxed him patiently: "good, now is not a capricious time, I'm usually outside, sometimes i can't protect you." 

"I want to cure the system." 

The little prince raised his head and put his hand on the man's heart. 

"I want to protect you, too." 

Yin Ming Zheng was stunned. 

In many people's eyes, he is a human hero. 

He is the God of war. 

It's the hope of the Zerg again. 

But this is the first time, someone said to protect him. 

The palpitation in the heart passed, and Yin Mingzheng calmed down, "no, you have to confirm your safety first!" 

When Qing didn't listen to him at all, he jumped down from his arms skillfully and said, "you come after me! If I catch up with you, I won't listen to you. " 

The back of the little prince Sahuan is in front of the man. 

Yin Mingzheng looks at him from time to time and looks back at his small appearance, but the corners of his lips are helpless. How could such a little fool give up his own safety and still want to protect others. 

He smiles, but his eyes are full of tenderness: 

"really, a little fool." 




 Yin Mingzheng only returned to the base for three days, and all the ordinary people's spiritual appearance in the whole base was completely different from before. 

The most significant change is that everyone has a smile on their numb faces. 

Especially in Shiqing, the little guy who was brought back by Yin Ming Zheng and had the healing ability most liked to do was to slip into the street and play around. 

There is always no shortage of people to set up stalls in the outer city where civilians live. Most of them are things that Zerg didn't fight for and some craftsmen made things to support their families after they moved into the base. 

They often have defects in their bodies. They are either weak enough to repair the city walls, or they can't join the convoy to earn money because of lack of arms and legs, so they can only find ways to do other things to survive. 

Before the time came, these things were always hard to sell. 

Originally, the stomach will not be full, who cares about these things. 

But Shi Qing likes these things very much, such as grasshoppers made of grass, baskets made of branches, and game machines that are backward in his view before the end of the world. 

The mouth arrogantly said "you human technology is not developed", but the body is very honest to buy everywhere, like a small hamster trying to hoard grain, he can buy a pile of strange and various kinds of gadgets every day. 

Yin Mingzheng's not so small room even set aside a compartment for him to put Shiqing's baby. 

And when all civilians welcome him, it's not only because of his generosity, but also because of his healing powers. 

Although Shi Qing was brought back by Yin Mingzheng, he didn't join his team of powers and didn't have to go to the battlefield. The healing ability has appeared up to now. He either treats Yin Mingzheng's wounds or uses his own abilities to offset the cost of buying things on the way to buying. 

In the eyes of many people, he is suffering a lot. 

That's a cure system! 

Even if it's a team of the most powerful powers in the base, there's only one healing power. 

Moreover, because of his limited powers, he only served the generals and soldiers, and the civilians could not even see him. 

But Shiqing appeared. 

This little guy with a natural, harmless and beautiful face walked down the road in the outer city with a clean smile. When a peddler boldly asked if he could help treat his child, he nodded happily. 

At this moment, standing in front of the cured child, Shiqing seemed like a God in many people's eyes. 

Soon, someone from the upper level of the base came to Yan Mingzheng and said something to Yin Mingzheng, suggesting that he should take care of Shiqing, and that the power should have the appearance of a power. How can we waste rare healing powers to treat some civilians who have not made much contribution to the base. Powerful healing powers like Shiqing should serve to help all mankind. 

If it was before, Yin Mingzheng would agree. 

He used to be such a sincere and stupid person. As long as someone said that it would be good for everyone, he would rather give up his own interests. 

But now, Yin Mingzheng saw the ending given by the intelligent light brain. 

He changed quietly. 

After he came back, the upper layer of the base immediately sent the high-level corpse that had attacked him and sent him to the spaceship, along with the soldiers who flew the plane. 

Yin Mingzheng smiles at them just as he once did, expressing his forgiveness. 

Looking at the relief of those people, Yin Mingzheng still just laughed. 

He was not blind, and the position of the person who attacked him was not very high, and no one told him. How could they dare to do this to Yin Ming Zheng. 

He forgave the men because they were dead. 

But the rest of the people, Yin Mingzheng, had them in mind. 

He himself suffered losses from these people. How could he be willing to let Shiqing become the knife in their hands. 

At least before Yin Ming Zheng took power, Shiqing must be under his wing. 

So, Yin Mingzheng heard the movement of the young lad running around, with an apologetic smile: "the Qing Dynasty is young, and has no combat experience, I do not intend to let him participate in the campaign." 

The visitor's face immediately showed the expression "the original human hero will spoil a person like this". 

But looked at the lovely nest in the man's arms, curiously opened a pair of silver eyes to look at the beautiful youth, he praised in his heart. 

There are a lot of beautiful people, but like Shi Qing, it seems that you can see the end at a glance. There is absolutely no second person in the base who is as pure as an elf. 

No wonder people like Yin Mingzheng would take care of him. 

However, the more he protected Shiqing, the more vulnerable he was. 

The man who came to test Yin Mingzheng left. Shiqing looked at his back curiously from the man's arms, "Mingzheng, who is he?" 

"Unimportant people." 

Yin Mingzheng closed the door and ordered the little guy who was not willing to pick up the door. He said with a smile, "you are more popular in the base than I am now." 

The alien teenager smiles with pride.The man also wanted to tell him to be careful when he was playing outside. Now the base's top management seems to be happy with his return, but in fact, the undercurrent is turbulent. Shi Qing, as the person who came back with him, naturally has thousands of pairs of eyes watching. Naturally, he should pay attention to it all the time and don't be caught by others. 

But when he looked up at him with joy and joy, Yin Mingzheng couldn't say it again. 

Shiqing was originally well on board the spaceship and was guarded by hundreds of millions of humanoid machines. 

But it is because of his selfishness that he cheated Shiqing into being in the base, and he also acquiesced that Shiqing, who is only human body, doesn't call for human like mechanical protection. 

This is his fault. Why should he restrain the innocent Shi Qing. 

Forget it, or spread some rumors in the base, it's not good to bully the bad tempered rumors, so as to avoid some short-sighted recruit him. 

Yin Mingzheng swallowed the words that reached her throat. She only laughed at the boy's indulgence and told her, "when you go out to play, remember to call in a few people in the team. Some of them are about the same age as you, and they are just relaxing." 

"Good!" 

Shi Qing responded happily and saw Yin Mingzheng turn to make the bed. He was eager to sneak in from behind. Relying on his own weight of several tons, he almost fainted the man. 

As soon as Yin Ming Zheng recovered from the darkness, the voice of a teenager's urging sounded in his ear: 

"go on the program!" 

He can only reluctantly turn around, will be like a little leopard bite prey the same youth circle in the arms. 

Such a silly little thing. 

But how can he rest assured. 

General Zhao came back from the meeting with a very ugly face. 

As soon as I got home, I saw my daughter coming back from shopping. The expression on her face suddenly became even worse: "I'll let you have a good relationship with Yin Mingzheng and pull him to our side. You'd better, you know how to buy things every day!" 

"I don't want Yin Mingzheng to follow me, OK? He likes men. What can I do? Dad, you haven't seen it. He's spoiling that wild boy who doesn't know where he comes from 

Zhao Miaomiao's face also pulled down, "I'm so upside down. Yin Mingzheng just ignores me. What can I do?" 

General Zhao snorted coldly: "well, you can go shopping. When Yin Ming Zheng's reputation is getting more and more popular, you can sit at the top of the base. According to the temperament and character of the lower class in his eyes, there is no better life for us father and daughter." 

With that, he turned around with a cold face and left, leaving Zhao Miaomiao stamping his feet in the original atmosphere. 

Her friends did not expect to meet father and daughter quarrel, embarrassed for a while, whispered comfort: "wonderful, you don't feel sad, is not just a wild boy, general Yin is just a fresh, fresh after the good." 

"So." 

She actively gave advice: "general Yin hated that someone would bully others. You do this..." 

The next day, Yin Mingzheng went out to inspect the outside of the base to clean up the Zerg, so he went shopping with a small basket. 

As a result, just walked to the opposite side of the street today, a man dressed in dirty clothes rushed over from nowhere and kowtowed to Shiqing desperately: 

"young master, I dare not accept your money any more. Please let me go. My family can't make it now." 

He is a big man, crying, listening to sad, see tears, it is tragic. 

Then, without waiting for Shi Qing to speak, he automatically and spontaneously told a story in his cry that "Shiqing bullied others to buy his things and didn't want to give money. He didn't want to ask for money. As a result, Shiqing ordered people to take all the things from his family.". 

Shi Qing: [ ] I really doubt Miss Zhao's IQ. ] 

when Cao Cao arrived, Zhao Miaomiao, dressed in white and with a holy face, came over with his mouth covered. 

"What is this? Don't cry, Shiqing. You should apologize to humanity. " 

The man saw that someone was coming, and his mouth was dirty and scolded at the young man immediately. 

Zhao Miaomiao saw this and took a dim look at Shi Qing. 

As far as she knew, this wild boy was held in the palm of Yin Ming Zheng's hand. It was said that if he was not satisfied, he would play tricks on others. Even Yin Mingzheng couldn't help him. When they quarreled, they were beaten by Yin Mingzheng several times. 

Can Shi Qing endure this injustice? 

Come on. 

It's good to make a scene. 

As long as Shi Qing started to make trouble and the civilian was killed again, it would be difficult to turn over the story. 

Although this method is simple and crude, Shi Qing's character in the outside world is really simple (fool) naive (easy to cheat) and easily irritated. 

She looked forward to Shi Qing, waiting for him to get angry. 

In full view of the public, it is widely rumored that the young boy who has a big temper and can not be wronged takes a step back. 

-- wow, Wei was wronged and cried.Zhao Miaomiao, who was waiting for his youth to get angry:.... " 

She turned around again and found that the people around her looked at her with condemnation in their eyes. 

Zhao Miaomiao once again said: 

It's a little different from what she thought. 




 When Yin Mingzheng received the news, she was surrounded by a circle of people, dressed like civilians. She was holding a dirty man and saying something. The scene became a pot of porridge, but he still saw the teenagers surrounded by the crowd. 

Shi Qingzheng was hiding behind a young man in the group of powers, but he didn't cry. His eyes were red and he wimpered from time to time. His beautiful silver eyes raised from time to time and looked around him blankly. There was still fear and timidity left in his eyes. 

At that moment, Yin Mingzheng felt as if she had been pinched by tweezers. 

He strode over, his face frozen: "what's going on?" 

Yin Ming Zheng's voice was not very loud, but he was a kind of aura. As soon as he appeared, the speaker shut his mouth unconsciously, and the scene that had just been in a mess was immediately quiet down. 

Finally, the power man who carefully protected Shiqing stood up and didn't even dare to look at Yin Ming Zheng's face. He said cautiously, "when Shi Qing came to play just now, he met a man who didn't let him go, and scolded him for not paying for things, so it started to make trouble." 

Yin Mingzheng couldn't tell the difference between good and bad. he only glanced at the untidy man. Seeing his eyes dodging, he immediately lowered his head and understood something in his heart. 

Zhao Miaomiao, who had been pushed aside from the scene just now, was still unwilling to see him coming. she went up to him and said softly: "when I came here just now, I saw that man begging Shiqing to let him go. Then she came to ask about the situation. Unexpectedly, Shiqing was so timid. Ju ran was scared to cry. Brother Mingzheng, since you are here, please coax him. He is crying It's twenty more minutes, and it's painful to watch. " 

Zhao Miaomiao's words are gentle, generous and appropriate, but the implied meaning is very obvious. 

People asked Shiqing to let go of himself, but Shiqing cried directly. He was a man, but he still cried for 20 minutes. 

Have done so, can Yin Ming Zheng still not dislike? 

Yin Ming Zheng is not a bad thing. 

On hearing this, Qing cried for 20 minutes. He was stunned and then began to feel distressed. 

The man strode forward and pulled Shiqing, who was hiding behind him, into his arms. He stretched out his hand and carefully touched his head. He felt soft hair. He looked at his young man with red eyes. His heart became more and more guilty and complex. 

Shiqing could have stayed in the spaceship and was praised by all the stars. 

But he was fooled by himself to stay in this base. He didn't have the same status as before. Now he has to be bullied by an inexplicable passer-by. 

In this way, the words you say will be a little lighter. In other people's eyes, they are even more soft, as if they are afraid to frighten the teenagers: 

"Shiqing, didn't you scare me?" 

The one who had been protecting Shiqing was relieved when he saw the elder. He was afraid that Yin Mingzheng's temperament would destroy his family. 

And Zhao Miaomiao on one side almost didn't stare out his eyes, almost roaring in his heart. 

Is Yin Mingzheng blind?!! 

Or is he deaf at all? 

How can a boy who is so old and can cry for 20 minutes even if he is scolded by others? He looks at him. Although he is young, he is still sixteen or seventeen years old. 

It's not only mentally retarded but also creative when we are so big. 

Can't he see Yin Ming Zheng?? 

At this moment, Zhao Miaomiao doubted that he had used the wrong method when trying to seduce Yin Ming Zheng. 

Although she had to sell it from time to time before, she did not dare to do it because she knew the character of Yin Ming Zheng. She only dared to support him, pretended to be gentle and kind, and made a general appearance. 

Unfortunately, it had no effect on Yin Ming Zheng. The man was as hard as he could not see her efforts. He also said coldly that she had disturbed him several times. 

Before that, she thought that Yin Ming Zheng and steel straight man could not appreciate it. 

I didn't expect that Yin Ming Zheng didn't like this one at all. 

He likes to cry. He's a coward? 

On the contrary, he felt that Shi Qing must have been wronged to cry like this. 

Think about it. Before, Shiqing was the biggest king on the spaceship. 

Hundreds of millions of powerful humanoid machines are eager to hold him in the palm of his hand and give him what he wants. Even if the time does not give orders, those machines with intelligent programs will automatically care for him and take care of him. 

In the eyes of Yin Ming Zheng, Shi Qing was holding a scepter and wearing a crown, but in fact, he was just a child who was spoiled and raised. 

Such a child, and came to a strange environment, even a little bit of grievance, it is a big day. 

"Ming Zheng..." 

When Qing pitifully called out, as if scared to the man's arms a drill, the voice still with a cry: "I did not give money, I am more money." 

The civilians on the side were afraid to make a sound when they saw Yin Ming Zheng coming.Seeing that he wanted to protect Shiqing, he immediately became bold and agreed: "yes, general Yin, young master is very generous in giving money." 

"Yes, yes, my child's father made a cricket with grass last time. The young master liked it. He bought it and gave him more money. People in this street all know that." 

More and more people have the courage to come out to Shi Qing's Refutation: "young master is very kind and easy to talk. My son broke his leg when he hit the Zerg, because he was a mercenary, and he couldn't find a therapist to help him. He was a healer. He really wanted to ask for money to cure the disease directly. He didn't lack the money." 

"Yes! And we don't know this man. He's not from our street. We sell things in the outer city on this street. He hasn't been here at all. " 

As soon as this word comes out, a stone immediately stirs up a thousand layer waves. 

"He's not here to touch porcelain." 

"I'm talking about those who touch porcelain. I look at the young master's age. He's very good at talking. He's coming here intentionally. His mouth is still so dirty. Bah!" 

It was beyond Yin Ming Zheng's expectation that so many people helped Shi Qing speak. He knew that Shi Qing was very popular in the outer city, but he also thought that these people were because of his relationship. 

Today, seeing so many people fighting against injustice sincerely for the sake of time, Yin Mingzheng felt a subtle sense of pride that my family had just grown up. 

This may be raising children. 

He took hold of Shiqing and said in a deep voice, "thank you for helping Shiqing today. He is young and doesn't understand anything. Thanks to your help and care." 

Anyway, no matter what the matter is, let Shi Qing put on his younger hat first. 

After that, we have to deal with the porcelain bumpers who come out of nowhere. 

Yin Mingzheng doesn't talk much nonsense. He can be nice to innocent civilians, or he can sacrifice himself to protect them, but he is not so good at talking to those who deliberately come to seek trouble. 

What's more, under the condition that the whole base knows that Shi Qing is his man, how can ordinary civilians dare to ask for Shi Qing's trouble. 

The man directly raised his hand, a trace of black fog directly surrounded the porcelain bumper. 

The voice was cold and sharp: "say, who sent you!" 

The man looked at the power around him, and he was so scared that he didn't dare to move. 

The plan he accepted was to pester Shiqing and make him unable to leave. 

As a result, he is better now, but he can't leave. 

Besides, a great God like Yin Mingzheng came. As we all know in the base, his ability is the highest in all human beings. He doesn't even have to move his fingers to kill people. Even if he wants to run, he doesn't dare to run. 

Zhao Miaomiao turned his hands when he hired someone. He didn't know that he was just standing on one side. He looked like she was hired by a passing lady. Seeing that the scene was not good, he knelt down and kowtowed to Yin Mingzheng: "general Yin, general Yin, please forgive me. Yes, someone hired me to do this. He said that he wanted to teach a lesson to the young master. If you have a lot of money, please forgive me Let me 

The one on the other side is also an observant. As soon as he saw that there was a conspiracy, he immediately laughed and began to play the game: "the parents are here, this is easy to do, the big guys are scattered, let's find out what is going on." 

Yin Mingzheng's appearance of protecting a calf also reassures the surrounding civilians. It seems that there are still people behind him who are instructing him, which makes him a little afraid. 

Even general Yin's people dare to deal with them. I'm afraid the people behind them are either powerful or powerful. What should they do in case of hatred? They are just civilians, and they are only recorded as dead. 

The civilians all left one after another to make room for this place. 

The untidy man on the ground saw that all the people had left and raised his head carefully. As a result, he looked up at the cold frost in the eyes of the man, and immediately shivered. 

"General, I really don't want to do anything to the young master. Believe me, I just want to scare you, just scare me!" 

Yin Mingzheng didn't pay attention to him, and glanced at his subordinates. The young power immediately realized that he was trapped by the wood power. 

"Boss, I'll take people back for interrogation. You can rest assured." 

Zhao Miaomiao didn't worry when he saw the man being taken away. Anyway, in order to ensure that the man could die in the street in full view of the public, Zhao Miaomiao asked people to put medicine into his body and calculate the time. He would die in a dozen minutes. 

Even before that, if he was asked what, killing the person who was in charge of her mission would be dead without proof. 

After thinking about a circle without any flaws, the woman in a white dress trotted to the man and said softly: "brother Mingzheng, I happened to meet you today. There is a restaurant in front of me. Why don't we go and have some dinner together?" 

After that, she was afraid that Yin Mingzheng would not agree, and added: "Shiqing is also scared, just give him a crush."It's OK to surprise, but not to eat. 

Yin Mingzheng thought in his mind to get some new oil to return to Shiqing and coax him well. He didn't show anything on his face. He said in a deep voice: "no, thank you very much. I'll take Shiqing back. Good bye." 

Again, Zhao Miaomiao hated her teeth. 

But at this moment, the grievance of the open mouth: "Ming Zheng, my feet sour, you hold me back." 

"Good." 

Yin Mingzheng directly picked up the boy, lowered his head, and touched the young man's warm skin with his forehead: "if you are tired, go to sleep for a while, and you will be home after a sleep." 

"Well." 

Young obediently should, to the man's arms drilling drill, a pair of good and clever appearance. 

Zhao Miaomiao in the back hate can't, in the heart a cruel! 

Is not the child that can cry have milk to eat?! 

When who won't be the same. 

She squeezed out a smile on her face and caught up with Yin Mingzheng, holding the young man's back, "then I'll go back together. Let's go by the way and walk together Ah 

The woman fell to the ground. 

When Yin Mingzheng subconsciously turned her head, she pinched the palm of her hand, squeezed out her tears, covered her left ankle, and looked up at the man pitifully: "it hurts..." 

"Hiss I seem to have twisted my foot. Brother Mingzheng, can you help me and send me back. " 

Yin Mingzheng: "good." 

Zhao Miaomiao's eyes flashed with joy, but his face was full of guilt: "I'm really sorry. Originally you said you wanted to hold Shiqing back, but now because of me, I can only let Shiqing walk." 

Sure enough, Yin Mingzheng is eating this one. 

In the arms of human heroes, the boy who had been sleeping peacefully opened his eyes and held out two fingers of his hand sticking to the man's clothes and wrung his flesh angrily. 

Shiqing's strength was still very strong, but Yin Mingzheng did not blink, and took out the general satellite phone in the base. "Hello, this is the corner of the commercial street in the outer city district. General Zhao's daughter is injured here. Please come and pick it up." 

"Yes, thank you." After a short finish, the man hung up the phone and looked to the ground. After listening to the contents of the phone, he could not look at Zhao Miaomiao: "the treatment department will arrive in 10 minutes. You can sit here for a while." 

Yin Mingzheng said, politely nodded to her, hugged Shiqing and turned away. 

Zhao Miaomiao: wait! General Yin... " 

"Oh, yes." 

The man turned his head, and Zhao Miaomiao on the ground was very happy. He thought he had changed his mind. As a result, Yin Mingzheng looked serious: 

"call the treatment area emergency call for 1000 star coins, please remember to transfer it to me."





 After Yin Ming Zheng and Zhao Miaomiao finished speaking, Shi Qing didn't do any other small movements, and An'an points shrank in the man's arms. 

Yin Mingzheng felt the itch in her arms. When she looked down, she saw that the teenager might be guilty. She was gently rubbing the place she had twisted just now. 

Knead and sleep with eyes closed. 

His lips involuntarily aroused a smile, also did not stab when Qing, so holding the youth all the way back. 

The temperament of Shi Qing is very simple and easy to understand for Yin Ming Zheng. 

He is straightforward and easy to understand. Sometimes he is a little careful about the opportunity. He will not hide himself when he does something ingenious. 

Sure enough, after returning home, a young man was placed on a soft bed. The boy who had just "fallen asleep" immediately got up in spirits. It was like a newborn dragon showing his scales, rolling around on the bed sheet, which lengthened the tone. Yin Mingzheng, who was going to take a bath, accompanied him. 

Yin Mingzheng went to inspect the three levels of guardrails in the outer city area today. There are 18 guardrails in the base, one layer with one layer, to ensure that even if the lower Zerg let in from the outside, they can be trapped in the fence with their low intelligence quotient. 

The soldiers who watch the fence for 24 hours find that there are enough trapped Zerg, so they apply for someone to clean up. 

Yin Mingzheng always felt that her mental strength had risen a lot and her powers had been improved a lot. Today, she went to take those low-level Zerg people who tried to break in to do an experiment. 

Killing Zerg is also a hard work. Although he will never let these Zerg get close to him, he also sweats in the end. 

If Yin Mingzheng used to sweat when he lived alone, it would be good to deal with it for one night, and then wash it the next day, but now he has a little leopard in his little quilt who loves to be clean and likes other people's clean, which is absolutely not OK. 

So he can only coax the little leopard who wants to be tired and crooked, but also climb on his body, coax to say that he will accompany him after taking a bath. 

When a man takes a bath, Shi Qing is just like a little fool. He rolls and plays happily on the bed, pulling out a long tone and calling people with coquetry. 

"Mingzheng, hurry up, I'm sleepy!" 

"I'm hungry. Aren't you ok?" 

This is Shi Qing's unique way of sticking to people. Even if he can sleep with his eyes closed, and he can get food from the bedside table when he gets up, he just wants to let Yin Mingzheng come to coax him to sleep and feed him to eat. 

Yin Mingzheng had to speed up the bath under such a delicate and delicate urge. Suddenly, he found that since he came back, he had not stopped humming and coquetting. 

Men flush action meal, just closed the water, intend to put on a bath towel to go out to have a look. 

Brush! 

The curtain in front of me was pulled open. 

With a pair of beautiful silver white eyes of the youth, bright eyes drilled in a head. 

"Mingzheng, let's wash it together!" 

Yin Mingzheng spent almost half a second thinking, and then took half a second to take the bath towel as fast as he could in his life to tear off the towel hanging on the wall and surround himself. 

The teenager seemed to be startled by his quick action. He tilted his head, and his face was at a loss: "what's the matter?" 

The man lowered his head and covered up his red ears for a moment. He almost stumbled and said, "I've washed it. You, you come in and wash it." 

Finish saying, he was so embarrassed around the bath towel rubbed to jump out. 

When Qing stood at the same place, looking back as if still at a loss to see his back. 

I bet he's using his powers and he's running too fast. ] 

the system doesn't understand it very much: 

the system doesn't understand: [how can he still be like this after all the kisses and hugs are held. ] 

although what it sees is a mosaic, it can still understand what happened after considering the actual situation. 

[can't you see that hugging is just trying to coax me. As long as nothing really happens, he will try to push me away. ] 

System: [ ] 

his voice of shock soared up: [it's all like this, he still wants to push you away? You two have that mosaic every day. In order to endure this mosaic, I recite Tao Teaching every day. I can recite it backwards!! ] 

[you are not a human being, so you can remember it after reading it. ] 

the system is speechless. 

But soon, it began to fragmentary read: [...] However, if he pushes the host away, what about your rejection degree? It's hard to estimate the rejection degree of one person to another. 50 percent of itself is the rejection degree of strangers on the road. If you separate, there will be no mosaic in the future. After two or three years, who knows if he will suddenly repel the host, even if he repels for one second We've been thrown out of the world with no protection. ] 

when you are not in a hurry to start preparing for the bath, [it is not enough to reduce the degree of rejection to strangers, it is necessary to reduce the level of absolute safety. I say what you call reducing the degree of rejection, directly saying that it is not enough to increase the degree of favor. ] 

the system falters and haws at the full screen mosaic: "I can't change my address without authorization as stipulated above ] [host, you and Yin Mingzheng are both like that. He really intends to leave you alone. Is he not afraid of your sadness? ] 

[I'm a pain in the ass. When finished foaming, his hands got together and blew up a big bubble. [you see, right? I and Yin Ming's current state are like this bubble, looking at the colorful, beautiful, no, actually... ] 

he held out his thin white finger and poked it gently. 

The bubble burst soundlessly. 

If I didn't pester him, I would stick to him. Do you really think he could treat me like he is now? Although he looks good and easy to talk, in fact, the heart of rejecting people is three times higher than that of ordinary people. ] 

a system full of mosaics that can't see anything: [ What can we do? ] 

[what else can I do? I thought you could know the situation when I installed a heart for myself when you were on the spaceship before. ] 

the system is at a loss: [what's the situation? ] 

[don't you think that his attitude towards me at that time was the same as his attitude towards me now? But at that time, he was completely lying to me, and now he has a little bit of sincerity. ] 

[by the way, I would like to remind you that even if you are sincere now, in the eyes of Yin Mingzheng, it is just a sense of guilt and responsibility to me, just like you accidentally trampled on a kitten in the street, and took care of it carefully. ] 

when he finished, Shi Qing made a final conclusion with a very surprised tone: "I think you've been quiet a lot in the past two days, and I thought you knew it. I didn't expect that you were so simple. What should I do? I think you're more and more cute. ] 

System: [ ] 

therefore, it has been waiting for such a long time to see the host and the target object, and it has been suffering from mosaic with eyes full of eyes every day, worrying that the host will be indulged in it. 

It turns out that both of them are acting?? 

cleaned up the foam on my body. [eh, I just forgot to bring a bath towel. ] 

the system is offline: [he is cheating the host, he is cheating the host ] 

Shi Qing: [Tut, don't do this. If you are cheated, you won't lose a piece of meat. ] 

System: [cheat host ] 

[OK, please recite the Tao Teaching. ] 

soothe the system that seems to be trapped in the maze of thinking. Shi Qing opens the curtain and stretches his voice outside. The tone is sweet and greasy: [Mingzheng, I didn't take a bath towel. ] 

Yin Mingzheng was wiping his hair. After listening to the boy's words, he hesitated for a moment, stood up and searched for his bath towel. As soon as he got to the bathroom to hand it over, he saw that Shiqing had opened the curtain and was laughing heartlessly at himself. 

Yin Mingzheng: 

He immediately drooped his eyes and reached out his arm to pass the towel. 

As soon as the bath towel is taken away, the human hero immediately looks as usual and turns around and leaves here with normal steps. 

Just as soon as he sat on the bed, he didn't want to wipe his hair. 

At the beginning, Yin Mingzheng just wanted to stabilize Shiqing and let him take himself back to the spaceship directly. 

This time he can escape, but also fight for his trust, if he is taken back, he will never have a chance to return to the base. 

Of course, killing Shiqing is the best way to do it right now. 

But Yin Ming Zheng couldn't do it. 

Yin Mingzheng couldn't get rid of Shi Qing's silly and deceiving child and his sincerity. 

However, Shiqing would not like to leave him, and he did not dare to force people away with cold words like Zhao Miaomiao. If he did, he would cry bitterly according to his personality, and then his subordinates would tie him back to the spaceship, and he would be forced to go through the procedure with a few tons of weight every day. 

It's no use not to leave. Yin Mingzheng has not refused before. The boy is a good boy in front of him. He says that he doesn't need Yin Mingzheng to accompany him. He turns his head and amuses himself. 

Even if Yin Mingzheng ignored him, he could still play all day. 

Neither can we advance nor retreat. 

Now he can cheat Shi Qing with the theory of 18 years old. However, when he is in the human base, the information around him will be transmitted to his ears. When he knows the real algorithm of age, he will find out the lie sooner or later. 

Just today, the two live together. When he takes a bath, Shi Qing can break in to see him and take a bath. He can also 

The white skin in his mind flashed by, and the red earlobe of a man was even more red. He reached out and rubbed the earlobe with some anxiety. 

It's just a matter of time. 

The anger rate is probably not, more likely is to directly press Yin Ming Zheng to go with more rigorous procedures. 

But he just regards Shiqing as a child 

Although most people don't go through the procedure with children. 

I don't get bored with children every day. 

More will not be in and the child should do should not do all the same, and think about how to get rid of him.At the moment, Yin Mingzheng was sitting on the edge of the soft big bed, clearly aware of a little. 

He's a scum. 

No! 

No way! 

Such a day can't go on like this. What Shiqing wants is to accompany him and really like his partner. Yin Mingzheng thinks that he can't do it. 

That can only help Shiqing in the base to find a more suitable candidate than him. 

The next morning, when Shi Qing was still sleeping comfortably in the quilt, Yin Mingzheng had already got up. 

"Shi Qing Shiqing, get up. " 

He gently woke up the boy who was sleeping in bed. When Shiqing sat up with sleepy eyes and rubbed his eyes, Yin Mingzheng felt guilty for a moment, but soon recovered his normal expression. 

"Do you remember the one who helped you yesterday, named Cheng Jun?" 

When Qing dazed to shake his head, voice soft waxy: "do not remember." 

And in consciousness: 

[remember!! The handsome boy with a hat has big eyes and a big nose. He is sunny and shy, but he is a little younger. ] 

Yin Mingzheng touched the boy's head and gently coaxed him: "I'm going to leave the base these days, and I'm expected to come back in at least five days. Cheng Jun has the highest ability talent under my staff, and he's the same age as you. How about playing with him during this time? He will protect you. " 

Yesterday, he found that Cheng Jun's eyes were not right when he looked at Shiqing. However, he didn't feel anything at that time. It was a common thing for young Mu AI. Cheng Jun became an orphan at the age of 10 and has been in the base all the time. It's rare to see such a beautiful and clear person as Shiqing. It's normal to be careful. 

He's about the same age. He's good-looking. He's powerful. And he's really like Shi Qing. He's the best choice. 

Obviously not how to wake up when Qing obediently nods. 

Although the heart is to want him to agree, but see the youth so quickly nodded, the man's heart and empty for a moment. 

As expected, he is still a child. As long as someone is with him, it doesn't matter who this person is. 

After washing, Yin Ming Zheng quickly took Shiqing to Cheng Jun. 

Cheng Jun learned such a good news in the morning, the excitement on his face was about to overflow. He turned his red face and eyes to the boy who was dozing off with his arm. He also tried to cover up his careful thinking clumsily. 

"Don't worry, boss!"!! I will take good care of the young master!! Definitely 

Yin Mingzheng was worried that he didn't dare to think about it because of his own existence, so he nodded: "well, Shiqing is my brother. You must take care of him." 

My brother!! 

Cheng Jun's eyes rubbed bright, and nodded: "you can rest assured, you can rest assured!! I will take good care of Shiqing! " 

"Shiqing, come on." 

Yin Mingzheng took the boy and gently pushed him to Cheng Jun: "you have fun with Cheng Jun these days. You can buy anything you want, and the money will be transferred to your account." 

"Well..." 

When Qing a face confused did not sleep enough, obediently nodded. 

Seeing that he really didn't give up at all, the man's heart was a little sour. 

He's a little heartless. 

But it's also good to avoid Shiqing thinking that he doesn't cultivate feelings with Cheng Jun. 

Thinking about it, Yin Mingzheng took Cheng Jun and began to tell him carefully: "I have prepared the food for Shiqing. You can send him back at the meal point. In the evening At night, he can sleep in your place, but he can't have a bed. Besides, he likes to go out to play and go shopping. When I'm away, you can watch him. Don't let him conflict with the second generation in the base, especially leyouyuan. " 

Leyou was the first of the second generation in the base. He was the one who enjoyed the most and danced the most. He always called himself the enemy of Yin Ming Zheng. Yin Ming Zheng was "sacrificed". What he brought to celebrate in the base was his head. 

Cheng Jun listen to a bit of a head, "boss, you can rest assured, I will always guard at Shiqing side, absolutely will not let him suffer a little injury!" 

Not close to how much, this shouts when Qing came. 

Yin Mingzheng felt a little uncomfortable for a moment, and began to doubt whether the person he had chosen was wrong. 

Cheng Jun looks glib, not like a reliable one. 

He denied in his heart, completely unlike the previous boast of Cheng Jun's calm atmosphere. 

But no matter how worried, Yin Mingzheng also took people to leave the base. 

He always wants to make Shiqing adapt to the days without him. 

The first night, without the little leopard, she curled up in her arms, and Yin Mingzheng lost sleep. 

The next day, Yin Mingzheng began to reflect on whether he really chose the right person. Cheng Jun was too young, and Shiqing was too simple. In case they did something extraordinary 

On the third day, Yin Mingzheng, who didn't sleep well for two consecutive nights, became increasingly irritable. When people in the team saw him, they were scared to speak, for fear of provoking the dragon.On the fourth day, Yin Ming Zheng, with a black face, seemed to be indefatigable, swept all the Zerg around him, and then announced in a cold voice that he would return to the base. 

The driver was urged by the boss all the way to drive faster. However fast he was, a cold sweat appeared on his forehead. He almost drove the cart out of the speed of the racing car. Finally, he got to the gate of the base, and the whole person was empty. 

My God, the boss is getting colder and colder. 

The human hero was the first to get out of the car. With long legs and a game machine to bring to Shiqing, he entered the base almost as fast as he could. 

He has to see how Shiqing is doing, OK. 

If he really develops any feelings with Cheng Jun these days 

Yin Ming Zheng stopped for two or three minutes. He was so scared that none of the team members who got out of the car and followed up with him dared not make a sound and stood together in the air. 

If it really develops any feelings, Shiqing will be tens of thousands of years old. No matter in the universe or in the blue star, he is an adult, and he will not interfere. 

Just thought of here, a can only drive in the base, very windy sports car drove to the man, very arrogant opened the horn. 

Di - 

this car with red Sao Bao is very familiar with Yin Ming Zheng. It belongs to the second generation of the most arrogant and most hard backstage in the base, leyouyuan. 

Sure enough, the next second, the familiar tinkling voice came from the car: "Oh, general Yin is back. It's been a long time since I saw you." 

Yin Mingzheng didn't have time to talk to the second generation. She took a cold look and left on her side. 

The result is this, let him stay in place. 

In the red convertible of Sao Bao, his little prince is sitting comfortably on the copilot. Seeing Yin Mingzheng looking over, he also smiles and reaches out his hand to greet him. 

Click. 

The game machine in the hands of Yin Ming Zheng. 

It's broken. 

Leyouyuan! Shiqing is just a baby of tens of thousands of years old. He even cheated children!! 




 If Yin Mingzheng wants to contact Shi Qing the last in the base, Yueyou should bear the brunt. 

The original person of Leyou can be said to be the second generation with the most solid foundation in the base. 

His father is one of the rare real power groups in the base who have real power and are willing to go out to fight the Zerg in person. He is often not in the base. When the Zerg call, Leyou is in the rebellious period. After so many years, he is still in the rebellious period. He usually kills himself in a fancy way. Most of the entertainment facilities in the inner city are built by him. 

Why is he the most confident? Not only is his father highly respected in the base, but also because he is a rare power within the second generation of power, and he is not a weak and useless ability, but a high-level fire system. 

In addition, Leyou was a bit of a fortune maker. When the base was just established, it was surrounded by a lot of land. Later, he made a lot of money when he built the inner city and outer city. When the star coins began to circulate, he began to change the upper layer of the base. He found that the boy had more money than many real people. 

With money, he has his own abilities, and he is also a great supporter of Yuefu. The days of leyouyuan are naturally beautiful. 

Every day, a group of power generation II gathered to play around for fun. In any case, even if the Zerg call now, for them, they just can't go where they want to go as usual. The base is so big that it's enough for them. 

The reason why there are all kinds of game machines in circulation in the base is because of the drive of the second generation of power. 

Yin Ming Zheng and Yue you were enemies from the beginning. 

Of course, it is Leyou who regards him as a mortal enemy. 

At first, the reason why he hated Yin Ming Zheng was very simple. Anyone who didn't see his father for half a month was always criticizing him for patronizing and playing. As a result, a Yin Ming zither came out of thin air. His father did tasks with him every day, praising him all the time and saying "if only my music could have half of you" I won't like Yin Ming Zheng. 

He is the "child of other people's family", although he was or is not a child at his age. 

When they met, Yin Mingzheng was busy improving her strength to resist the Zerg every day, so he didn't have the heart to go with a secondary two family. 

It is also because of his attitude that he doesn't see himself in the eyes, the exciting Yueyou yuan hates Yin Mingzheng even more. 

If Yin Mingzheng is good, he will be bad; if Yin Mingzheng is not good, he will be good. 

Before I knew that Yin Mingzheng was so stupid that she sacrificed herself, Leyou had to celebrate for three days. If yue fu didn't come back just in time, he would have been celebrating until Yin Mingzheng came back. 

Such a person who takes dealing with Yin Mingzheng as his life-long task, even if Yin Mingzheng has never been afraid of these things, he has to worry about whether Leyou would take advantage of him to bully Shiqing. 

He defends thousands of defenses, and Shi Qing will send a power to protect him wherever he goes. As a result, Leyou yuan gets the chance. 

In front of the red convertible, the man still had the broken game machine in his hand. His face was gloomy. He did not go to see the proud leyouyuan. He looked directly at Shiqing and said in a deep voice, "Shiqing, get out of the car." 

"Oh." 

Wearing a suit that was obviously not bought by Yin Mingzheng, the teenager didn't see that the situation was wrong, so he would untie the safety belt on his waist. 

"No 

Yueyou yuan put out his hand to block Shi Qing's hand with a smile, and raised his chin with provocation on on his handsome face and looked at Yin Mingzheng: "I've made an appointment with Shi Xiaoqing to go to dance together today. Even if general Yin is Shi Xiaoqing's brother, it's not good for him to break the appointment?" 

Brother, the two words, he deliberately accentuated the tone. 

After saying that, seeing Yin Mingzheng's face dark and heavy again, his smile became more wild: "our appointment time is coming soon, so we will not hinder general Yin. Let's go first." 

With that, he waved his hand and said goodbye. The next second, he started the car and rushed out of the long field. Yueyou's dyed red hair was blown up by the wind, which made him more and more underperformed in the eyes of Yin Ming Zheng. 

But the alien teenager still can't look at his eyes. After listening to leyouyuan's words, he huddled in the car, smiling innocently, and turned to learn from leyouyuan and Yin Mingzheng: "goodbye to Mingzheng." 

Leyou was driving. In a twinkling of an eye, Shiqing turned back and waved his hand. Suddenly he was happy, "honey, don't irritate him. I think Yin Mingzheng will be mad..." 

- bang!!! 

In a flash, the man behind them was already in front of the car. 

The loud noise was caused by his hand pressing heavily on the front of the car, forcing the moving convertible to stop. 

The red sports car, which was forced to stop driving, was quietly smoking white. 

Yin Mingzheng stood in front of the car, looking as if frightened, and clasped his hand to Shiqing, Yueyou's original arm. 

His facial expression is normal, and his words are not high or low, or even gentle: 

"Shiqing, get out of the car." 

When the pure dull looking at the man, as if has not responded.It's normal not to react. After all, it's the first time a human hero has been strong in front of him. 

Leyou was also scared. 

He had provoked Yin Ming Zheng so many times before, but because of his father, Yin Ming Zheng never took him seriously and did not face him head on. 

At this moment, he found out how terrible it was when Yin Mingzheng was really angry. 

However, although he was scared by that moment, Shiqing seemed to be frightened. Leyou felt pity in his heart. He quickly regained his casual expression and leaned back: "general Yin, Shiqing has made an appointment with me. He is so big. I know that your brother cares about him, but this hand is too long." 

After that, he asked the confused Little Prince: 

"is that right, Shi Xiaoqing?" 

Yin Mingzheng did not speak again. 

He just looked at leyouyuan coldly, and put his hand on the front of the car with slight force. In front of everyone's eyes, the front of the convertible, which is also valuable even now, gradually melted into a big hole in his hand. 

Leyou gazed at the hole and gulped down his mouth. 

This is a threat! 

This must be a threat! 

Would he be afraid of the threat of Yin Ming Zheng? 

He provocatively raised his chin again: "I really like when Xiaoqing, what you do can't stop me from pursuing him." 

The pursuit of these two words seems to turn on some terrible switch. The expression on the man's face is instantly terrifying, and there is no unnecessary action. There is a sound of boom ringing through the ears of the people around him. 

The red front of the car was completely melted away. 

Shiqing is OK with his seat belt tied. He just leans forward with the car, but his butt is still sitting on the chair. 

And Leyou was miserable. 

As soon as the front of the car melted, he fell off his seat and left a steering wheel in his hand. 

Holding the steering wheel and rolling on the ground for a few days, you could hardly get up when a man in a long black windbreaker stepped up to the seat. His slender fingers touched the seat belt of the boy's waist. The safety belt was untied and cleared when there was no support. 

Yin Mingzheng easily caught his little prince. 

Will the person in the arms, the man smelled from the time Qingshen upload the fragrance, frowned. 

he never used perfume, nor did he naturally. 

so, when the perfume was released, it was clear at a glance. 

Lok yuan is good at both the past and the present. Naturally, it is impossible to use the pungent inferior perfume. 

but it smells light fragrance, but it makes human heroes uncomfortable. 

It's as if a male lion finds his territory contaminated with the smell of other animals. 

This is a provocation. If a lion is really a lion, he will be furious. If he digs three feet, he must find out the bastard who dares to contaminate his property and tear it up. 

Yin Mingzheng is not an animal. He is a man. He can control himself. 

So he just circled his little prince and glanced at leyouyuan, who was unable to scold him. 

"Yin Ming Zheng!! How dare you destroy my car!! I tell you, who is afraid of you in this base? I love you won't be afraid of you! Today, you don't want to take Shi Xiaoqing away unless you step over my body! " 

Seeing that Yin Mingzheng looks at herself with no emotion in her eyes, Yueyou is afraid for a moment, and then raises her chest again in the next second: "what? You think I'm going to let someone go if you stare at me? Don't think I don't know what you've done. Shi Xiaoqing is a typical example. How did you tell him? Do you think you treat him like a brother 

"I just saw that Shi Xiaoqing was so naive and pitiful that I couldn't tell him. While you are here today, I'll make it clear that Shi Xiaoqing, Yin Mingzheng, did to you before..." 

The man who had been standing there quietly listening raised his hand. 

Leyou shut up. 

His eyes almost became cockfight eyes, and he was staring at his lower limbs for three inches. 

The whole base knows that Yin Ming Zheng's power form is a cloud of black fog, so long as it is touched by the black fog, whether it is a person or a Zerg, it is a matter of minutes to turn into ash. 

Now, as a man's most important part, there is a Black Mist standing still, not static, but a bit unsteady, as if the next moment will be directly stained with clothes. 

Move it. It's a lifetime. 

Leyou was so stiff that he didn't dare to move. He even dared to breathe. He was afraid that the action would be big. His happiness would end here for the rest of his life. 

The culprit who led him to dare not do anything was looking at him with a positive color. He tightly encircled Shiqing and warned from a commanding position: 

"no next time." 

It's the next time that you didn't have a chance to hook up with Shiqing again. 

There is still no time for him to try to break the lie of Yin Mingzheng.None of these men explained. 

He just held the boy in his arms and walked away. 

No one around dare to speak out, including leyouyuan himself. 

He looked stiffly at the cloud of black fog dispersed after Yin Mingzheng left, and then raised his eyes, he could only see a corner of the black windbreaker flying with him. 

huaiming didn't share anything with him when he bought it. It seemed that he didn't share anything with him on the way back. 

Only when the man opened the door in silence and put him on the bed, he put his arm around his neck and asked, "is it true that you lied to me 

Yin Mingzheng was about to lower her head and take off his shoes for him. Hearing this, she became stiff. 

"He said that if you don't want to admit the relationship with me, you will tell Cheng Jun that you regard me as my brother. Is that true?" 

As if from the man's silence to detect something, has always been happy as a bird's youth also silent. 

Yin Mingzheng kept his head down and didn't see the look on his face until a tear fell on the back of his hand, and he found that Shiqing was crying. 

"Shiqing..." 

The man raised his head and looked at the man in front of him at a loss. He stretched out his hand and wanted to hold him, but he didn't know whether he had the qualification. 

"You don't want to be my partner at all." 

The alien teenager's crying eyes turned red, and the tears fell on Yin Mingzheng's hand, as if a drop of molten slurry was dripping on his heart. 

Painful, astringent. 

He can't speak. 

He wanted to say no, but found himself unable to argue. 

Heartache as if the whole was a big hand clenched in general. 

Yin Mingzheng has never felt like this. 

He's not stupid. 

When she found that she wanted to give up everything, just to let Shiqing stop crying, Yin Mingzheng understood. 

He really likes Shi Qing. 

When this sentence appears in the heart, the human hero feels the happiness that never appears. 

All of a sudden, everything came to light. 

He doesn't have to worry about that, and he doesn't need to think about what to do in the future. 

Just be with Shiqing. 

"Shiqing..." 

The man stretched out his hand, even a little trembling to help the boy wipe dry tears, on his red eyes, opened his mouth: "I was wrong." 

"But I've figured it out. I like it..." 

"You are lying to me 

The boy who was crying suddenly got up from the bed, raised his weight, and pressed the unprepared Yin Mingzheng on the bed. 

"Well --" 

under the heavier weight than before, Yin Mingzheng almost didn't breathe, "Shiqing, listen to me..." 

"No! You are a liar 

Shi Qing's white face was full of anger. He took the pillow on the bed and hit Yin Mingzheng hard, "liar! A liar 

Yin Ming Zheng was completely suppressed and had no backhand. He could only take advantage of the gap between the pillows: "listen to me, calm down first Oh! Calm down. " 

"Calm yourself down!" 

The teenager threw the pillow in his face, "you don't want me, I'll find someone else to be my partner!" 

After saying that, he put a heavy pressure on Yin Mingzheng, and then he jumped out of the man, turned around and left. 

Yin Mingzheng, who managed to free herself from the pillow, "no, Shiqing, wait a minute..." 

Bang!! 

The door was slammed shut from the outside. 

The man who was oppressed by the chest pain sat up from the bed, covering his chest which was still vaguely painful, as if he was covering his heart just found. 

Heart empty, no measures, and at a loss. 




 Leyou had just asked someone to tow his car away. While he was in love with his new car, he scolded Yin Mingzheng for not being a human being. Just two steps back, he saw his little baby, who was robbed by others, came back with his angry face. 

"Shi Xiaoqing 

Happy original surprise happy ah, rushed to meet up, like a two ha dog around the face of angry when Qing: "baby, how did you come back!" 

Shi Qing took his arm and said, "I'm homeless. Take me home." 

"Good, good!" 

The expression on Leyou yuan's face can be described as seeing a big pie falling from the sky, and his mouth was all crooked. 

At the beginning, when he knew that Yin Mingzheng was out of the base and entrusted the child he brought back to Cheng Jun's subordinate, Leyou was totally reckless, trying to deceive Yin Ming Zheng's friendship to himself, wearing a green cap to Yin Mingzheng, and watching his jokes. 

How to cheat all think well, money offensive. 

It's said that the child is not very old, or Yin Ming Zheng brought it back from the outside. It must be that he has not seen much of the world. Just throw out some things to make fun of. 

As a result, when he saw Shi Qing for the first time, Leyou was shocked by nature and man. Yan Kong was shameless and pushed all his previous plans forward. After coaxing people over carefully, he would like to send all his good things to win over the beauty. 

When he saw Shi Qing snatched away by Yin Mingzheng, he was still sad. As a result, he was sad. His big baby came back by himself. 

"I'll take you back, build an amusement park for you, and then a racing track. Don't you like playing games? I'll set up a big game hall for you to play alone, and... " 

His excited voice stopped suddenly when he saw the Yin Ming Zheng coming slowly behind Shi Qing. 

Even if there were no injuries, there was an immediate nervous pain somewhere. 

Just look at the original rigid expression of Leyou, Shi Qing guessed who is behind. 

Yin Mingzheng has followed him all the way. 

All the way he tried to explain, but the boy just covered his ears and didn't listen. 

In fact, even if the time is clear, Yin Ming Zheng can't explain it. 

In the past, he did cajole Shiqing into staying as a partner. 

After that, he tried to push people to Cheng Jun. 

Once Yin Mingzheng didn't understand, but after he thought about his mind, he just wanted to think about how he felt if he didn't like himself and pushed him to other people. 

The feeling was very simple. Pressing his heart, Yin Mingzheng realized how much he had done before. 

Shiqing didn't want to listen to his explanation or go back with him. As long as Yin Mingzheng thought, he could carry the boy home by force. 

Although Shi Qing was definitely not the rival of human heroes, how could Yin Ming Zheng be willing to be tough with Shi Qing, so she could only be like a big dog abandoned by its owner and escorted him all the way behind the youth. 

Shi Qing is not in a stable mood now. He is worried about something on the way. 

He is a escort. Leyou didn't dare to pick him up when he saw him. 

See when Qing also a pair of ignorant appearance, pull his arm, Le you original whole body hair all stand up, carefully a go down when clear behind that wear black windbreaker man. 

If his eyes could be turned into knives, the cold light in his eyes would almost cut him into pieces of meat. 

Although he didn't want to be soft, Yin Mingzheng's eyes were really frightening. For the sake of his happy life for the rest of his life, Leyou still gulped down his mouth and gave a very empty reminder: 

"Shi Xiaoqing, look behind you." 

"Leave him alone." The boy was still angry and hugged Leyou yuan's arm more and more: "I'm not afraid of him, let's go!" 

Leyouyuan 

Baby, you are not afraid of him, I am afraid of him!! 

Seeing that he did not move, the young man raised his eyes strangely and looked over. His eyes were full of doubts: "why don't you go?" 

Just like a Wang Qingquan, her clear and beautiful face is in front of me. Looking at myself from such a close distance, Leyou suddenly seems to have drunk the happy water of frozen fat house in summer and feel comfortable all over. 

His waist was straight, and his shoulders were wide. Looking at Yin Ming Zheng, he was not as afraid as before. 

Yin Ming Zheng stood behind, looking at it, Qing pulled the arm of Yue, who had beaten chicken blood, and gradually moved away from his sight. 

The light of the man's eyes was slightly dim for a moment, and soon, the expression on his face was restored to the coldness of the past, and he followed in silence. 

Yueyou was holding a beautiful boy in his right arm, while Yin Mingzheng, a human hero, fell behind him. 

At the beginning, he was still trembling. He always felt that he was not following an individual, but an angry lion who was occupied by himself. 

But as he walked along, he noticed the surprised eyes of passers-by, and his chin gradually lifted up.What are you looking at? Haven't you seen a beautiful woman in her arms? Do you have a vicious dog! 

This is when Xiaoqing himself wants to follow him. Even if Yin Mingzheng is dissatisfied, what can he do? Cut! 

My young master is really the best in the world!! 

Leyou has gradually stepped out of the pace of six relatives. 

He even used his usual dandy tone and raised his voice to ask the boy who followed him: "baby, can I put my hand on your waist?" 

Shi Qing: "yes, let it go." 

Le you yuan: hee hee hee hee happy. 

He held out his hand at the boy's slender waist and felt a burning heat floating by his hand. 

What? 

Leyou strangely raised his hand in front of his eyes, and then watched the ring on his middle finger turn into black fog and disappear. 

It can be seen that if the owner of the black fog wants to, his fingers can also disappear. 

Leyouyuan 

He turned his head stiffly, slowly, and happened to meet the sight of Yin Mingzheng. 

The human hero, who is steady and talkative and never uses his identity to embarrass others, has no expression. His hands are empty and his palms are floating with a piece of black fog. 

Leyouyuan 

The boy who followed him didn't feel it. Seeing that he didn't move, he still used a clear voice and asked curiously, "what's the matter? Don't you mean to put your hand on my waist 

"No, no, it's very hot. It's too hot on your waist." 

Leyou yuan quickly turned back, while talking, he carefully took out his arm from Shiqing's hand, accompanied by a smile and coax: "baby, we don't hold it, it's too hot." 

"Oh." 

When Qing is very good at speaking, he releases his hand. 

Yueyou yuan was relieved, looked back and took a look behind him. He saw that Yin Mingzheng was still like a ghost. He was still following in silence, biting his teeth in anger. 

He is not afraid of Yin Ming Zheng. 

His respect for the time of Xiaoqing!! Respect!! 

Anyway, when Xiaoqing went home with him, Yin Mingzheng couldn't break through. 

Wait, even if he can't beat Yin Ming Zheng, his ability to please people is much better than this old man. 

Shi Xiaoqing will be with him! 

The boy brought back from the outside by general Yin followed leyouyuan home. 

The news spread quickly throughout the base. 

When Cheng Jun knew that he came back, he hung his head and pleaded guilty for the first time. The young handsome boy almost cried out with guilt: "sorry, boss, I didn't follow Shiqing for an hour. That Leyou came out to coax him to leave. These days, I also want to coax people back, but Shiqing likes to play with him. I can't coax him Where to go... " 

"It's OK." 

Yin Mingzheng's eyes were heavy, and her tone was normal: "I checked. It was Leyou who wanted to make trouble in that hour. It was to support you. Even if you were not cheated, he had other tricks to wait for." 

Hearing that Yueyou was prepared, Cheng Jun was stunned and then bited his teeth: "he was really on purpose! Boss, he's always been looking down on you. This time, he must be trying to cheat Shiqing out to fight against you. You must bring Shiqing back. " 

As for what will atone for his own efforts to bring back Shiqing, Cheng Jun did not dare to say a word. 

It's OK to let him go back to shangleyou, but he doesn't want to go back. He looks forward to his request, but also makes a long tone and coquettish boy. Cheng Jun stops cooking. 

He had always liked Shiqing. How could he resist it. 

But the boss can do it!! 

Yin Mingzheng glanced at his subordinates with confidence and waved him down. 

The boss can't. 

The boss can't. 

No matter how he apologizes with him every day, I almost don't know how to kiss him. 

Yin Ming Zheng could barely hold on. 

But my heart is bitter. 

What else in the world is more sad than just finding out that you like someone, but provoking him the second before, which makes him ignore himself and go to be nice to other men? 

Yin Mingzheng is also a man who has maintained the establishment of iron and steel straight male veteran cadres for nearly 30 years. When he can't even think of how to coax him, Qing is willing to deal with him. 

The only way to deal with this problem is to walk straight like a bodyguard when you are in Yueyuan and Shiqing. 

No matter how straight he stood, Shiqing just didn't look at him. 

Yin Ming Zheng sighed. 

My heart is bitter. 

He is bitter, and happy travel is more bitter than him. 

Yin Mingzheng doesn't know what to do with Shi Qing, but he is very impolite to his rival.Every day, as if he were the God of pestilence, he still used his abnormal eyesight to keep an eye on him all the time. Leyouyuan didn't even dare to touch him, for fear that he would usher in a future without hands. 

Can only see, can't eat, is there anything more bitter than this? 

The happiest thing is that the time is clear. 

He played all kinds of interesting projects, and he was still happy to buy and buy all over the base every day. Before, Yin Mingzheng thought that the clothes he would not wear were exposed. He changed the clothes he wanted every day, so he could tell leyouyuan what he wanted. Leyouyuan was always a big one. Even if Shiqing asked him for the Forbidden City, he could find a way to build it. 

And you can hear the declining rejection. 

Otherwise, people are cheap. 

Every day crowded in front of the coquettish time exclusion degree is dead or alive does not drop. 

Angry, ran away from home, that exclusion is falling fast. 

He lived in the largest and most luxurious room. The floor was covered with a fluffy white blanket. The sun shone through the French windows, and some exquisite pillows were scattered on it. In the middle of the afternoon, young people always wore a shirt that was too long for him and dozed on the woolen blanket with the pillow. 

When awake, he likes to stretch his body like a kitten and roll comfortably. 

More like a beloved little prince. 

On this day, Qingqing and happily rolled around and enjoyed the soft and comfortable carpet touching the skin. The system also heard a happy voice: 

[Ding! The rejection degree of Yin Ming Zheng: 15 out of 100] 

decreased a little. 

At the prompt, Qing knew that Yin Mingzheng was peeping at him again. 

Facing the French window, he squinted slightly in the sun, gently lifted his shirt under his neck, lifted up his nose and sniffed it. His beautiful white face suddenly showed a satisfied expression. 

He even rubbed his face against the cloth. 

This is what Yin Mingzheng saw with a telescope in the opposite building. 

Teng! 

In the man's mind, it seems that there is a roar, the red drop of blood in the earlobe. 

The shirt he said to the teenager was his. 

Shi Qing likes to wear big clothes, always wearing the shirt of Yin Ming Zheng and covering it with a coat. 

He ran away from home and was wearing this shirt. 

Of course, he couldn't have been intimate with his shirt. 

It's to its true owner. 

Yin Mingzheng slowed down the fever in his blood for a long time, and continued to look at the boy opposite with a telescope. 

In order to prevent Leyou from doing something to his little prince, Yin Mingzheng, a man who has never paid attention to his residence, also bought a house opposite the original house of Leyou. 

His strong hearing and intuition are enough for him to monitor and warn leyouyuan in the opposite area for 24 hours. 

Even if it's a mission, there are other powers that volunteer to help. 

Ensure that all-round protection of their future sister-in-law do not create adulterers (leyouyuan) bullying. 

The original clothes of Leyou. 

I'm really convinced. 

Since Shi Xiaoqing came in, he had to worry about Yin Mingzheng before he went to bed at night. He couldn't control himself and ran to let him not see the sun the next day. 

Obviously they lived in the same house, but he didn't even dare to step into the house. 

After all, the last time he tried to get in, there was a big hole in the plank under his feet. 

Can you see, can't eat? Is there anything worse than this? 

Leyou didn't resist it. When the second generation of Quan gathered as usual, he drank two cups of wine and vomited bitterness. 

Hearing this, a group of second generation Quan were filled with indignation and denounced the immorality of Yin Ming Zheng for a long time. 

Happy you original listen to the heart warm, raised a glass to stand on the table: "which brother can help me to come up with an idea, brother, I thank you all my life!" 

The second generation of Quan, who had just denounced it, was silent. 

That's Yin Ming Zheng. Who dares to provoke him. 

Even if it was before, they did not dare to do it until Yin Mingzheng was "dead". 

This living man is in the base. If he gets angry, he will be able to annihilate them with only one move. 

In front of the house full of quiet leyouyuan: Come on 

They're all friends. 

He walked out by himself. He was holding a bottle of Erguotou outside and was sulking. A boy with a sly look came over. 

"Brother Le, I have a trick." 

Seeing that Leyou yuan was interested, the boy chuckled and stuffed a package of medicine into Leyou yuan's hand: "this is a medicine extracted from a mutant plant. The person who has taken it feels uncomfortable all over. If you give this medicine to the child, make sure he wants to do what he wants to do." 

Leyou yuan looked down at the medicine with a smile on his face and beckoned him to come over.The boy is happy. 

The next second, the man who was still smiling changed his face and hit him with a fist. 

"You are such a beast! I'm not going to do that. Get out of here! " 

The boy was beaten dizzy for several seconds. Seeing that Leyou was furious, he ran away with his face covered. 

Leyou looks at the package of medicine left on the ground. He thinks that someone is trying to make him chase people with such disgusting methods. He steps forward and tramples on his feet. 

After he left, Zhao Miaomiao, who was hiding behind the pillar, came over and picked up the package of medicine. 

One of Yin Mingzheng's powers who volunteered to protect Shi Qing urgently contacted him. 

The man who had just finished the next step of the Zerg battle plan suddenly sank in his face: "are you sure you tried it?" 

"I tried." 

The power man replied very positively: "we will test all the food around Shiqing young master, including those of leyuyuan. Today, there is drug reaction in the bottle of wine brought back by leyuyuan, indicating that it is poison." 

The man who had been sitting well suddenly got up. Before the people around him had reacted, his figure had disappeared. 

In the villa of leyouyuan, he was about to open the bottle of red wine brought back from the bar, and there were teenagers with blankets watching TV next to him. 

See him drink, when Qing looked over: "I also want to drink." 

"You're not an adult. Don't drink. I'll take you to have fun when you're an adult." 

Leyou yuan finished saying and looked strangely at the cork: "how can this wine look like it has been opened, not new?" 

Never mind. 

He didn't pay attention to it either. He took a red wine glass and poured it into it. 

Shaking it a few times, I was about to deliver it to my mouth. 

Boom. 

The door was kicked open. 

Leyou kept the action of raising a glass, stiff on the man's line of sight. 

Shiqing on the sofa is not surprised, but the tone is not good: "what are you doing here?" 

Yin Mingzheng sees that the room is filled with only a glass of wine in Leyou's hand. When she hears the voice of a teenager, her eyes are dark. 

"I..." 

His eyes fell on the Yueyou yuan, who still kept the action of raising his glass. The light in his eyes suddenly became sharp. 

The human hero strides forward and looks at the glass in Leyou's hand: "did you drink it?" 

Leyouyuan: "it's No 

He also responded, knowing that Yin Mingzheng was not here to take his life, his waist suddenly became strong: "no, general Yin, you are a bit tricky in this way, why, watch Shi Xiaoqing, come here in such a hurry and ask me whether I drink, afraid of my confusion after drinking?" 

Yin Mingzheng gazed at him coldly, until leyouyuan gradually became short of breath and shut up. 

Leyou was afraid of him, but Shiqing was not. 

The young man opened the blanket, pointed his toes, and went down barefoot directly. He came to the man in a fierce manner. 

He was a head shorter than Yin Mingzheng. Even if he was more aggressive, he would raise his head when questioning, like an angry little penguin: "you watch me!" 

Yin Mingzheng's eyes were still frozen before him, and immediately after the iceberg melted, he denied without thinking: "No." 

"No, what are you doing all of a sudden?" 

When Qing raised his neck and felt a little tired, he immediately roared at the man: "Why are you standing so high! Is it fun to see me looking up at you? " 

Standing on a horizontal plane with teenagers, the man sat on the sofa in silence, so that Shiqing could speak to himself from a commanding position. 

Shi Qing looked down at Yin Ming Zheng with satisfaction and continued to be ferocious: "are you watching me?" 

Yin Ming Zheng's magnetic voice responded in a low voice: "No." 

He didn't think it was surveillance. 

It should be called protection. 

Leyou was looking at Yin Mingzheng, who was transformed from a fierce lion to a poor dog, and happily provoked discord: 

"baby, don't believe him, this old man is very bad." 

"He must have something to do when he comes in so suddenly. He can't miss you." 

Yin Mingzheng didn't even look at leyouyuan. Instead, she sat on the sofa and looked up at the angry teenager: 

"yes, I miss you." 

Shi Qing had a little angry expression on his face, and then he snorted. Although he could see that he wanted to show his anger, his voice softened a little: 

"I'm so fierce, you think I'm normal." 

"So you didn't really watch me?" 

Yin Mingzheng almost greedily looked at the complacent young man in front of him, and did not want to think: "really not." 

"Cut." 

Happy you original discontented looking at the atmosphere gradually ambiguous down the two people: "look serious, mouth with oil, when small clear you can not believe him."As he spoke, he lifted his glass to his lips. 

Seeing this scene, Yin Ming Zheng suddenly turned around and said, "wait a minute!" 

Yueyou was shocked, and then remembered that Shi Qing was afraid to do anything to him. Suddenly, he was bold: "what are you going to do?" 

"Oh, I see..." 

Yin Mingzheng is tense. 

It's over. 

He just made a promise that there was no surveillance. 

How can I explain it. 

However - 

leyouyuan: "are you not used to seeing Xiaoqing live with me and want to poison me? Is there any poison from you in this wine 

The second young master of secondary school still thinks about the gongdou drama he has seen before. The more he talks about it, the more he thinks it is. After all, it is not that there has never been a struggle for power and profit in the base before. As a result, one side was poisoned and killed: 

"I'll say why I saw that bottle opened before. You can see it now!! This old man is so bad 

Yin Mingzheng: 

He had a suspicious look when he saw it. 

When Qing just returned happy Zizi's face expression one Zheng, looked to the man red eye, "you cheat me again!" 

The human hero's eyes were filled with tears, and his brain was suddenly blank. 

On the other hand, Leyou was still holding a glass of wine and complacent: "as long as I take this wine for testing, what's going on will be clear. Anyway, there is a research institute next to my house. When you wait for me to get the evidence, it's very fast!" 

With that, he was about to walk out with his glass. Before he stepped forward, the glass in his hand was snatched by the man who suddenly stood up. 

Leyou yuan Leng hum: "what's the use of robbing it? The more you are like this, the more guilty you are! Shi Xiaoqing, you wait for me to prove it! " 

Shi Qing was watching, and Yin Ming Zheng had no time to think. 

To say that there is no poison in it is someone else's poison, that is, to say that there is no surveillance before hitting the face. 

Let Le you do the original test, and finally test out the poison, or not clear. 

There was only one sentence left in his brain. 

Never let Shiqing misunderstand himself. 

The next second, Yin Ming Zheng directly raised his neck. 

Gudong, Gudong. 

A few mouthfuls of poisoned red wine were drunk. 

After drinking, he threw the glass back to the stunned leyouyuan. 

The voice of a human hero is low and steady as an old dog: 

"I proved it's not poisonous." 




 Leyou was staring at the clean wine glass with dull eyes. 

"You, you..." 

He pointed to Yin Ming Zheng with shaking fingers, and couldn't hold back his dirty words for a long time. 

It's not that his vocabulary is too small, but he is afraid of swearing. Yin Mingzheng is provoked and directly brings him personal destruction. 

But in the bottom of his heart, when nature and man are fighting and thinking about whether or not to scold him directly, Shi Shilan, a man who just drank a glass of wine, sat down and did not walk away. 

Bully people too much!!! 

Yueyou has to drive people out. 

As soon as the man on the sofa raised his eyes, only a look full of coldness in his eyes, he successfully counselled him down. 

Yin Mingzheng's posture didn't seem to be a forced intruder into someone's house. Instead, he seemed to be the master, "I have something to say with Shiqing." 

The meaning of this is to drive people directly. 

Leyou originally wanted to say that if you have something to say, just say it here. If it's a big deal, he just covers his ears. 

However, he always felt that the man in front of him didn't look right. These days, he didn't miss to tease the man. But this was the first time that Yin Mingzheng's face was full of intolerable expression. 

It's just like if Leyou doesn't go away, the man who never takes the initiative will directly let him know why the flowers are so red. 

Although Leyou was a secondary 2 student, since he can earn so much money and occupy a high position among so many power generation in the whole base, it proves that he is not really as wayward as the surface. 

So no matter how unwilling, but also can only pull with the old father for a long time, "phone in here you call me", "don't be afraid of him, I give you support" and so on, after that, he left the villa reluctantly. 

However, Shi Qing didn't speak again after Yin Mingzheng drank red wine. He quietly sat back on the sofa and curled up with his blanket. 

When Yin Ming Zheng was cleared, he snorted and shrunk back to the sofa. 

"Shi Qing." 

Yin Mingzheng looked at him and saw that he was like a kitten, shrinking into a circle under the blanket. Seeing him, she immediately put her face away and looked like she was trying to cover up. 

The expression on his face softened down, he sat down directly, reached out his hand and circled the man in his arms. He felt that there was no resistance at all, and his heart, which had been hanging in the air, fell down. 

"I lied to you before. I was wrong." 

When the Qing is a hum, just because the tone is soft, it doesn't sound like angry, but like a coquettish. 

Yin Ming Zheng's hand fell on the blanket, as if he could feel the young man's soft stomach, and his heart could not help but soften along with it. 

He softened his voice and coaxed him in a child like voice: "I will never do this again. Can you forgive me?" 

"I promise I won't cheat you next time, and I'll always be with you as a partner, OK?" 

Time Qing is a cold hum: "look at my mood." 

Just just in the meaning of meaning resistance put in front of the man to push forward the hand but relaxed. 

Obviously, a little guy's mouth is hard, but he is actually soft hearted. 

Yin Ming Zheng's heart became softer. 

"Come back with me. I always live here. It's troublesome." 

The man who never spoke ill of others behind his back did not change his countenance and put eyedrops on his rival's eyes: "it is not convenient for you to come out and play during this period of time. It's not good for the men and women around him to bring home." 

Shi Qing didn't have much reaction. He knew what kind of temperament Leyou was. 

While listening to the human hero, he was surrounded in the arms of Yin Ming Zheng, holding his big hand which was generous for him. Once, he rubbed the cocoon in the man's palm with his tender fingers. 

It's like he would have done when they were watching TV at home before he moved out. 

Is with the coax good young tender, the man's body suddenly suddenly stiff. 

He felt an upsurge rising from the inside of his body and spreading to all parts of his body. 

In particular, when the fire was burning, it was just a little bit clear to him. 

Yin Ming Zheng's eyes gradually blurred, but his will was still sober. 

It is because of the conscious mind, the body also more and more feel the heat. 

In his arms is Shiqing. 

His time is clear. 

People he likes. 

The man encircles the youth, the hand tightens more and more, like a python, clings to the prey in the arms. 

The Python's brain began to faint, but the subconscious was no longer satisfied with simply encircling the prey. He wanted to tell the prey about his appetite. 

The system looks at the blushing face and confused expression. The slender big hand starts to untie the Yin Mingzheng of Shiqing's cuff button, and immediately reports to him: "the host wants to bully you!! ] 

[I know. ] 

Shi Qing's laughter was almost obscene. He turned over with a carp, skillfully increased his weight, and his delicate wrist fumbled on the sofa, and he really felt a tie.The tie finally appeared on a pair of wrists of Yin Ming Zheng. 

When the Qing Dynasty also has the leisure sentiment to it to tie a bow. 

And in this process, Yin Mingzheng is so red face, motionless baby like watching Shiqing action. 

"Do you know I am tying you? Are you not afraid? " 

Yin Mingzheng's brain was dizzy. Instead of being steady and indifferent, Yin Mingzheng only blushed slightly. She looked at him with almost innocent eyes and shook her head very well. 

Magnetic voice is a little vague and slow response: 

"not afraid, it's time clear." 

MUA touched him on the cheek. 

He steadfastly restrained the man who looked at him with good eyes. His face was pasted on his coat, and he felt the long lost flexibility: 

[Tong Bao, you can go to see Tao Te Ching. ] 

System: [ ] 

it is also skillful, with a full eye mosaic. 

It doesn't matter. 

As long as the host is not bullied. 

In spite of this, the host is bullying others. 

When Yin Mingzheng woke up, she felt a little pain in her waist, a little sore in her legs, and a little numb in her arms. 

He tried to lift his hands, only to find his hands tied. 

Yin Mingzheng: 

Hard look down, he on the clear soft hair. 

The boy is lying on his body, his face close to the man's heart. 

With those tons of weight. 

No wonder his heart is so stuffy. 

"You are awake." 

When Qing heard the news, he raised his eyes and went forward to lie down. He stretched out his thin white finger and poked the man's handsome face. 

Memory gradually returned, and Yin Mingzheng finally realized what had just happened. 

In fact, when he felt the effect, he had thought about achieving the perfect harmony between love and life with the time and effect. 

But never thought, just opened a head, he was broken, after what happened, completely rely on memory. 

What's more, in these two hours, he was completely under the pressure of time. 

Yin Ming Zheng moved his lips and felt that his mouth was a little swollen. 

Should he be glad that Shi Qing didn't know anything, so even if Yin Mingzheng was completely suppressed, they were just bored for two hours. 

It's a little complicated, though. 

And the program is a bit multiterminal. 

And the king of mechanical race was finally able to study the human structural problems carefully, which led to Yin Mingzheng's being completely suppressed in this way, and no one helped to vent the drug effect. Yin Mingzheng decided to bury it in the bottom of her heart. 

It's a shame. 

But fortunately, only Shi Qing witnessed his humiliating scene. 

It was very difficult for the man to rescue his bound hands with the power, because the binding time was too long, and even the numb hand trembled. 

Yin Mingzheng shook his hands and held Shi Qing lying on his body carefully. 

"Come home with me, will you?" 

"You said I was your brother." 

Some depressed vomited out this sentence, the young man raised his face a little unhappily and looked directly at Yin Mingzheng's eyes: "you humans, brothers can't become partners." 

"I'm wrong. You're not my brother, you're my partner." 

Yin Mingzheng bowed his head and gently kisses the young man's trembling eyelashes: "let's get married and let all the people in the base know that you are my partner, OK?" 

"Good." 

Shi Qing agreed happily, but soon, he was depressed again: "can't men get married?" 

At the same time, Yin Mingzheng comforts the young man and feels his tender waist. At the bottom of his heart, Yin Mingzheng writes a note to Yueyou. 

As expected, the wolf is ambitious. Otherwise, how could he tell Shi Qing these things. 

He encircles the young man's hand and clenches it slightly, as if he is afraid that the man in his arms will run away. The magnetic voice promises in a low voice, "it will be OK." 

"As long as Shiqing wants, I will do it." 

Anyway, it's time for the base to change. 




 The smart people on the base are beginning to smell something wrong. 

Yin Mingzheng, who used to focus on fighting Zerg, began to participate more and more in the base affairs. 

No one can find a reason to stop him. 

After all, he is a general, and should be one of the most powerful men in the base. 

As long as Yin Mingzheng is willing, his authority is enough for him to participate in any project. 

It's just that before he never took care of these chores and only did things in a sullen way, so he never took part in it. 

But now, the human heroes, who have never been fighting for fame and fortune, are getting involved in the base. 

The upper layer of the base gradually changed. 

Just people welcome equally upright human heroes. 

People who have done something that they can't do well are afraid. 

Gradually, some rumors began to spread in the base. 

What Yin Ming Zheng bullied others, Yin Ming Zheng wasted the lives of civilians, Yin Ming Zheng luxury and so on, all kinds of things. 

At the beginning, this kind of rumor only spread secretly. Most people didn't believe it. Everyone knows that if there was no Yin Ming Zheng, they would not have died now. 

But there are also such a part of the people, live a dark life, can not see tomorrow, hungry full meal, lost all relatives, as if even alive are walking dead. 

They desperately want a vent. 

And the conspirator behind, very shamelessly, pressed the vent on Yin Mingzheng. 

A year ago, there was a campaign launched in a city. About 500000 Zerg occupied the city, and all the human beings were killed. Yin Mingzheng went in with the army and killed all the Zerg. They sacrificed the dead with their blood. 

Now, some rumors are quietly spreading around the base. 

At the beginning, not all the human beings in the city were killed. The Zerg took some of them as hostages. Yin Mingzheng ignored these hostages and ordered to open fire. As a result, there was no one alive in the city. 

False can't do rumors, but in case someone lost their loved ones believe it. 

It was a rainy day. The base received news that the Zerg were sweeping the border city. There were scattered farmers living there. They didn't live in the base because they needed to farm. Instead, they slept in the cellar during the day and went out to farm at night. 

Zerg do not know what stimulation, is looking for farmers to kill. 

Yin Mingzheng received a call for help at 4:00 a.m. and came back bloody at 11:00 p.m. 

Shiqing and Leyou played the game all day today. When the time was almost over, he carried a small bench and waited for him at the gate of the base. 

The base guards are familiar with him, and some people take out the lollipop they found before they went out to do the task. 

At present, all Yiying in the base urgently supplies food and clothing, such as lollipops, which are short of food and long and beautiful. They can't produce and sell at all. After all, with the money, people are more willing to buy more satisfied food. 

This lollipop naturally has no way out. 

The young man was so sleepy that he nodded his head like a peck of rice. He was still forced to wait. The guard felt funny and simply sent the lollipop out. 

When Qing poured thanks, opened a look, see is colorful, carefully stretched out the tongue to lick, feel sweet, this just satisfied squint eyes put into the mouth. 

He can't eat too much human food, but a lollipop is OK. 

Holding a lollipop in his mouth, he is bored to count the ants on the ground. The system reminds him: "the host, Yin Mingzheng is back. ] 

the little prince raised his head and looked at the gate of the base with bright eyes. 

Yin Mingzheng is coming in with people. 

His body is full of Zerg blood, because the color of the blood of Zerg is colorful, so it is a bit messy on him, and his eyes are always heavy with fatigue. 

The same is true of the people who follow them, especially those who are young and lack of sleep. Cheng Jun, who is familiar with the handsome little hat, yawns and leans on his teammate's shoulder dizzily. 

Shi Qing stood up and ran to the man's arms. A figure rushed out faster than him. 

Ding! 

Without seeing what was going on, the man was thrown out of the shield of one of the powers, and his dagger fell on a stone on the ground, making a crisp sound. 

Shi Qing stopped. 

[assassinate? An ordinary man assassinates a power? ] 

the system is also not clear: [the plot has changed, the system can only see the general context, such small things are not clear. ] 

the man who was bounced away struggled to get up. With a hatred eye on the human hero, he grabbed a dagger and rushed forward: "Yin Mingzheng, go to death!" 

Cheng Jun, who was still dozing off before, was sober. He stepped forward and blocked it with power: "who are you? Do you know what the murder is?""Catch up!" 

Seeing that the man was caught, Cheng Jun came up to Yin Mingzheng again: "boss, I think he's with the person who slandered Qing last time." 

The last time the man had just taken him back and had not been interrogated, but he was caught alive this time. We must find out the culprit. 

The man wrung his eyebrows and looked at the struggling man with a trace of survey under his eyes, "he doesn't seem to be ordered by someone. He looks like an ordinary person." 

"Let me ask." 

Cheng Jun came forward: "say, why murder general Yin!" 

The man was held down by death, but he was still struggling. Hearing this, his hatred in his eyes was more serious, and he yelled in a hoarse voice: "he killed my son first!! A year ago, in city a, if he had not ordered the hostages to be ignored directly for the sake of military merit, how could my son have died! " 

"Yin Mingzheng, you ignore the lives of our common people for the sake of rights, you will be punished!! I can't kill you, more people will come to kill you!! Return the human hero, I bah 

Yin Mingzheng opened his mouth, his voice was hoarse: "in the battle of city a, all human beings had died before we arrived." 

"Bah!! You also want to cheat me, you are a selfish, for their own interests can go to kill the monster!! Yin Mingzheng, you compensate my son, return my son!! Give me back 

When Qing saw his crazy appearance, he knew that the goods were brainwashed. 

When a person loses everything and can only see despair, as long as someone gives him a goal, he can throw out his life to hate. 

If it's on him, let this man die. 

If he lost his son, should Yin Mingzheng be murdered? 

In recent years, he has been injured many times for the sake of the base. He has survived more than ten times. He has saved tens of thousands of people. Obviously, he has made such a great contribution, but he still lives in the ordinary two bedrooms and one living room. He has to spare the living room even when he releases toys. 

Help people, but also be resented by people, for the sake of this careful eye of Shiqing, do not plot a good. 

As a result, he saw that Yin Mingzheng was standing still, and his face was expressionless, but his fists on both sides were clenched. 

Frowning under the eyebrow, is the dark heavy can not see the meaning of the eyes. 

Although in other people's eyes, Yin Ming Zheng is still that pair of "I'm cold my own who cares about you", but Shi Qing can see that he is sad. 

Generally speaking, he would not be so vulnerable. 

However, after nearly 20 hours of fighting, he did not drink a mouthful of water and did not eat a bit of food. He just came back tired and wanted to have a good rest. What came to him was the knife picked up by the civilians he was trying to protect. 

I can't stand it. 

What's more, even though Yin Mingzheng usually looks cold and cold, he is actually the softest one. After all, before the small world became independent, the author set him a kind sweetheart. 

It's a pity that the world itself ran out. The good passers-by who should have been with him had their own humanity. 

And human nature is darkness and mutual exclusion. 

Shi Qing looked at the man who seemed to blend into the darkness with the night and couldn't see the look on his face. He sighed: "if it was me ] 

the system has always been unhappy with Yin Mingzheng, but at the moment, it is hard to sympathize with him, and the tone is soft: [don't be afraid, if one day you encounter this kind of thing, we will ignore him. ] He said I killed his son? Then I will send him to reunite with his son and let him ask his son in person who killed him. ] 

System: [ ] 

after hesitating for a while, he said cautiously This is not good, this person is also eager to love his son, we should be considerate ] 

[fart, I'm his father. He's going to kill me. Do you think Yin Mingzheng owes them? Yin Mingzheng is the only one who can survive. Oh, now, after hearing a rumor that Yin Mingzheng killed his son and would come to assassinate him, he may not know that he is angry, but he can't protect his son, and he can't commit suicide. Therefore, he finds an excuse to blame others, that is, Yin Mingzheng. He thinks that these people are his responsibility and should be killed Go back, only know to stand there sad. ] 

then he sneered: "I know why the world is going to collapse. How can the protagonists of truth, goodness and beauty survive a world full of reality and ugliness. ] 

[it's just like I trapped him in a spaceship before. Obviously, I snatched him back, but he couldn't do anything to me. His heart was too soft and he was indecisive. If he had been replaced by someone else, he would have died 800 times. ] 

Meng Xin system was indoctrinated with the idea that it was totally inconsistent with the system novice teaching, and struggled to read two moral classics before it was disordered. 

I didn't expect the host to look down on him so much. I thought you liked him very much. ] I like him very much. ] 

the smile was clear, like a little prince with no worries and pure heart, and fell into the arms of a stiff standing man.The more stupid he is, the more I think he is cute and soft hearted. ] 

Shi Qing buried his face in the man's arms, smiling sweetly, feeling that he was more stiff for a moment after being held, and then gradually relaxed and tightened his body. His tired hands slowly lifted up and hugged himself. 

At this moment, Yin Mingzheng was like a bird who could not find a landing point in the sky and finally saw an island enough to live in. 

Hard, a sigh of relief. 

He was able to take a tough stance and draw his own line on the base. 

You can fight thousands of Zerg with one person. 

However, he was always baffled by this kind of conspiracy. 

It's like when he went back to the base before, he knew that someone had secretly hurt him and sacrificed passively, but he couldn't say it. 

For example, if you are assassinated by civilians who have been protected for a long time, you can crush each other with one slap, but you can't do it. 

Shiqing's slender fingers fell on his hand. 

Pulling the obedient man who allowed himself to move, he came to the civilian. 

He asked only one sentence: "you said Yin Mingzheng ignored the lives of civilians. Before that, a spaceship threatened with millions of lives. Why did he voluntarily die?" 

The man in a frantic struggle froze. 

When Qing saw him stunned, he asked again: "if he was really like what you think, it would be OK to run away at the beginning. Otherwise, his position is so high and his ability is the strongest in the world. Why does he take care of you ordinary people?" 

"We all know that aliens are vicious, threatening him to go to the spaceship, maybe we can eat him raw directly. He will die for you, and you still slander him behind his back. Do you still have any intention?" 

The man cried and laughed. He grabbed his hair blankly and finally broke down and cried: "I'm sorry!! I'm sorry! " 

When Qing satisfaction raises chin. 

But behind him, those lost emotions in Yin Mingzheng's heart had already dissipated. 

He couldn't help but look at the young master who was full of complacency, and thought about himself that he was a vicious and cannibal alien. 

Well, that's right. 

The angle of man's lips is involuntarily hooked up, and his eyes are spoiled and warm. 

Shi Qing ate his heart. 

Ding! Yin Ming Zheng's rejection: 0 out of 100] 





 This civilian attack on Yin Mingzheng passed quietly. 

According to the law of the base, he was taken away by the law enforcement team, convicted and served. 

These days, if you commit a crime, you don't put a person in prison to eat and drink. If you commit a serious crime, you will die directly, or you will serve in the army and do the hard work that other people are not willing to do. 

Yin Mingzheng didn't take care of it any more. Instead, Shi Qing, together with Leyou, began to fight against those who spread rumors. 

On Yin Ming Zheng fighting for power? 

He sacrificed himself for the lives of millions of people. 

Say that Yin Ming Zheng is arrogant? 

He sacrificed himself for the lives of millions of people. 

Isn't it the Navy? 

The original "bad" by Leyou when Xiaoqing did not know how much to play. 

Anyway, no matter what you say, Yin Mingzheng once sacrificed herself to save the civilians. This is definitely a matter of course. Countless people have seen it. 

This is the greatest shield of human heroes. 

The secret conspirator wants to deviate. Public opinion is the most unlikely thing to kill him. 

General Zhao, who operated behind the scenes, was about to die of anger. 

At the other end, he let people spread Yin Mingzheng, connived at the young lovers to buy things without giving money, squeezing the common people, but no one believed it. 

The people sent were also glared at by the civilians and scolded for a long time. 

Young master Shiqing doesn't give money, but people are willing to exchange healing ability. It's healing ability. Now, if anyone has a funny idea, they're all happy and want to go to the sky. 

Who would let Shiqing pay for it. 

Send to spread the Yin Ming Zheng to waste the lives of civilians for the sake of power. 

People can tell the story that Yin Mingzheng sacrificed his life for the common people. 

General Zhao hated him so much that he couldn't find any words to refute. 

Yes, in order to cover up the truth of setting up Yin Mingzheng, they really made him a hero. 

Anyway, judging from the strength of the alien warship, Yin Mingzheng was 99.999% unable to return. 

Since he is a dead man, they don't care to sprinkle honor on him. 

But who could have thought of it. 

He's back! 

The probability of 0.001% was actually met by him. 

Now, the honor that they try their best to suppress is actually sent up by their own hands. 

Sorry!! 

Hate!! 

General Zhao couldn't wait to yell at the civilians who adored yinmingzheng all over the base: 

do you think he was self sacrifice!!! 

No, no!!! 

Yin Mingzheng was sent to the past by us!!! 

We did it all!!! 

You should thank, worship and appreciate. You should come for us!! 

He can only think about it in his heart. He really blew himself up when he ordered people to sneak attack Yin Ming Zheng and threw him off the plane. I'm afraid those civilians who worship Yin Mingzheng will be the first to kill him. 

No, you don't have to wait for them to bite him. He will be killed by Yin Mingzheng first. 

General Zhao was afraid of death. 

Otherwise, he would not have been hiding behind in the dark, and even let his daughter seduce Yin Mingzheng. 

He is still different from other generals of the same rank. 

The others, even if some people really have a plan in mind, will only take into account the overall situation and make detailed strategies. Unlike general Zhao, they can abandon everything in order to achieve their goals. 

Now watching Yin Ming Zheng step by step to the highest position, General Zhao is more and more confused. 

I can't help it. 

He had done a lot of pickling before, and no one had done it before. If Yin Mingzheng was really in power, he would be able to find out general Zhao. 

In the base, there were only four generals at the same level as Yin Mingzheng and General Zhao. After the Zerg came, the top leader died. At that time, everything was in chaos. The four generals had their own plans, and no one was against anyone. In addition, they all had the same number of people, so they did their own things and formed an alliance to jointly manage the base. 

Yin Mingzheng was the only one who had no military power but was granted a general, and he was also the most powerful of the five. 

Although Yin Mingzheng never used his powers against humans, many people have seen how he dealt with Zerg. 

The most famous battle of human heroes. 

A hand up, annihilate thousands of Zerg. 

The terrified Zerg retreated 10000 kilometers. 

It was only after he made the move that mankind had a chance to breathe. As it is now, humans can shrink in the base to study the high-tech weapons left by Zerg on the battlefield, and then evolve their own weapons. 

Yin Mingzheng's outstanding performance is not only in the aspect of force, but also a powerful ability. At the same time, he is also good at developing new weapons.It's like the slow medicine before. 

He is like the invincible God of war. He has an image that will never fall in the hearts of the surviving civilians. 

Everyone believed that as long as Yin Mingzheng lifted his arms, those civilians who regarded him as gods would push him to the throne without hesitation. 

It's just a matter of time. Civilians who have been beaten by Zerg need a belief. 

General Zhao once wanted to fight for the position of the first leader, but he looked around. He could not match other people's hands, scientific research experts, military force, even conspiracy. None of the other three generals looked up to him, let alone allied with him. 

So he thought he was pathetic. 

He can't blame him for his insidious moves. Anyway, Yin Mingzheng is also a selfless character. He is just a little bit ahead of Yin Mingzheng and saved millions of people. General Zhao should be a hero. 

It's a pity that General Zhao's self assumption is good, but he doesn't feel good about himself. 

He has a particularly clear perception. 

When Yin Mingzheng ascended the high position, he was the first to die. 

In order to prevent this future, he specially asked his daughter to seduce Yin Mingzheng and try to become a family. 

As a result, Zhao Miaomiao was also a loser. He was so beautiful in vain. 

Soft can't do, can only come hard. 

As a result, both hard and soft came, but Yin Mingzheng had nothing to do. 

Now, we have done a lot of things about Yin Ming Zheng. The human heroes not only did not fall, but also raised their voices. 

What General Zhao saw was not that Yin Ming Zheng was about to become the first leader, but that he was dying more and more. 

He can only be anxious to lose his hair, while trying to find a way. 

He not only worried himself, but also urged his daughter. On that day, after the meeting and the news that he was about to run for president of the base, General Zhao broke into Zhao Miaomiao's room as soon as he got home. He slapped him on the table and yelled at his daughter who was making up: "you know that make-up is coming to an end. I don't want to do anything else The father and daughter just wait for death 

Zhao Miaomiao also can't be aggrieved, directly threw lipstick out, "I have no idea?"?? The one named Shiqing lived in the original house of Leyou, and I gave them medicine to make them good. As a result, the Yin Ming Zheng was blind, with grassland on his head, and he took Shiqing as a treasure! I walk in front of him and he treats me as air. What else can I do for you 

"No way, you have to do something for me too!" 

General Zhao slapped on the table again, "if he doesn't look at you, won't you go to see him? If you can get that kind of medicine for Leyou yuan, why don't you give it to Yin Mingzheng? He is a man, and a beautiful woman threw herself into her arms and took the medicine. It's sure that it will come true with half a push! " 

According to his own experience as a man, he analyzed: "if you are lucky to have another one in your stomach, Yin Mingzheng's little lover is a man, can you give him a baby! When the time comes, you hold your stomach and tell him you don't want to give birth to this child. He must feel sorry for you. At that time, our family will be the child's foreign family, and in ancient times, it will be the uncle of the state. What are we afraid of? " 

Zhao Miaomiao felt his father was dreaming. 

"Dad, you should be sober. It's Yin Mingzheng. Who can beat him in the whole base? At the beginning, he was sent to the spaceship with slow medicament. So many aliens just let him escape. For such a character, you ask me to give him medicine?" 

"Wait..." 

She said, suddenly stopped, looking thoughtful: "Dad, how did Yin Ming Zheng escape?" 

"How do I know how to escape! I'm not the most powerful General Zhao was not angry and roared: "people have fled back. What's the use of this now?" 

"No 

Zhao Miaomiao frowned. "Dad, you can see what happened at that time. The sky is full of aliens, at least tens of millions. Each of them is equipped with higher-end weapons than ours. Yin Mingzheng was sent up with slow medicine. He must die without doubt." 

The more she said, the more she felt that it was like this: "after Yin Mingzheng came back, he never mentioned how he escaped. The civilians in the base thought he was the most powerful and stupid. He didn't ask anything, but in that case, even if he had three heads and six arms, he couldn't run out." 

General Zhao still didn't know what his daughter said. He was very anxious and was about to explode. 

"Can you think of something about us? Can you? " 

"I'm just thinking about it!" 

Zhao Miaomiao stood up angrily, "now either we are dead, or Yin Mingzheng is dead. Since he will kill us, we will not let him go up." 

"In this way, now quickly find some people to spread some news about Yin Mingzheng's collusion with aliens in the base, mainly saying that he can't escape those aliens who want him by himself.""Now all the bases regard Yin Ming Zheng as their faith. Who will believe what we say, maybe they will be caught." General Zhao laughed at her whimsy: "don't make Yin Ming Zheng angry." 

Zhao Miaomiao doesn't think this method is feasible. 

Her eyes were full of malice: "they don't believe it. We'll just show the evidence." 

She said, she looked at General Zhao: "Dad, anyway, we can't be a leader in the base, it's better to switch to other places." 

General Zhao was surprised: "you mean..." 

"Yes." 

Zhao Miaomiao affirmed: "Zerg." 

"The Zerg haven't been able to make a base these years, isn't it because Yin Mingzheng is here? Before Yin Ming Zheng disappeared, the Zerg immediately began to invade everywhere, or did he come back to recover. They had no choice but to take yinmingzheng. Zerg also had high-level, didn't they say that their high-level had the same wisdom as human beings? If we are willing to cooperate with them to deal with him at this time, do you think they will cooperate with us? " 

This simply said on the heart of General Zhao. 

Yes, Zerg are so strong, it will be sooner or later to get blue star. 

Rather than stick to the base, it's better to abandon the secret. 

When the time comes, blue star will be beaten down. He, a human who has taken refuge in Zerg, can be regarded as a meritorious official. 

The more he thought about it, the more feasible he felt. Finally, General Zhao nodded his head: 

"OK, that's it!" 

Recently, Yin Mingzheng has become more and more busy. She has to fight the Zerg, manage the internal affairs of the base, and prepare for the election campaign. 

In such a busy day, he will always be in his hard squeeze out of the rest time, holding Shiqing, listening to his birdie like chirping about the interesting things in the base. 

Men can clearly feel the growth of Shiqing. 

In the past, if there was an emergency, his little prince would be aggrieved and cry in his arms. 

But now there is an emergency. The little prince who should have been pampered in the house rolled up his sleeves. No matter whether he was scolding or fighting, he was always looking at the most ferocious one. 

Of course, in Yin Ming Zheng's eyes, angry Shiqing is more like a lovely puffer fish. She is so angry and lovely that she wants to poke it every time she looks at it. 

Although feel lovely, but also did not hinder him to still put this account on Le you yuan. 

He must have taught Shiqing, who is clever, lovely, naive and sensible. 

Yin Mingzheng didn't know that Yueyou, who had been stirring up disputes with Shi Xiaoqing, had a new understanding of him. 

I can't see that this old man is so Yin. 

He taught shixiaoqing Yin. 

You can't judge a person by his appearance. 

Both of them did not think that Shi Xiaoqing, who they were protecting, was black. 

In short, they all secretly scolded each other in their hearts: 

Yin goods! 

During the rest time of the day, Yin Mingzheng kneaded Shiqing's soft hair and whispered: "those things are done by others, you don't have to fight in person." 

"I like it." 

Young people rub in his arms, this is his unique way of coquetry. 

When they were warm, Leyou turned out to be. 

As soon as he saw Shi Qing in the arms of Yin Ming Zheng, he was so sad that he wanted to beat the old man's dog's head. But when he thought that there was something serious now, he still held back and sat down directly beside the two people with a dirty face. 

"The base began to spread new rumors, saying that you and Zerg collude to escape back, I guess, the people behind this are staring at you, quickly find out to kill people, also save me and Shi Xiaoqing every day tossing about to give you justice." 

When Qing did not get up, there was no bone like lying there, two people did not see the place, a pair of beautiful eyes gurgling. 

Leyou was still saying, "some people say that shixiaoqing is a Zerg because of his eye color. I've seen people with red eyes and blue eyes before. They're not more like Zerg than Shi Xiaoqing. It's better to say that shixiaoqing was a wave of aliens like robots last time. Let's believe it a little. Aren't they wearing silver armor?" 

Yin Ming Zheng has become more and more stable recently. 

Even if Leyou had inadvertently found out the truth, he could be as if nothing had happened. 

Shiqing was even more unresponsive. 

Happy you see two people did not respond, a pat thigh, "come on, you two are afraid of Zhongnanshan out, so Buddha." 

"But it's not a big deal. If we don't wash it, no one will believe it." 

Just saying that, the mobile phone suddenly rang. As soon as Leyou was connected, an anxious voice came out: "brother Le, Chen Er crashed. Come here and have a look." 

"Sleeping trough, where is it? Send me the address, wait for me to come right now!" 

Chen'er can be regarded as leyouyuan's childhood. Their relationship has always been good. They are in collusion with each other. When he hung up the phone, he got up and ran out: "what, when Xiaoqing, I have something to go first, I'll take you to play next time."Just after he left, Yin Mingzheng's mobile phone rang. 

"Zerg into the second layer of protection?" 

He tightened his eyebrows and sprang to his feet. "Call up people at once. I'll be here in a minute." 

After hanging up the phone, he gently put the boy in his arms on the soft sofa, helped him clean the whole blanket, and lowered the magnetic voice: "Shiqing, there is a situation outside now, can you do it alone?" 

"Yes." 

Shi Qing blinked his eyes and agreed to come down. The man in the military uniform of self-cultivation went to the kitchen to cut the fruit, inserted the toothpick, and took it to him. 

Since the discovery that Shiqing can eat some human food, Yin Mingzheng, who has never used his privilege, has customized the fruit with his general identity. 

"I'm gone. If you want to go out and play, please call the master." 

The boy should be obedient, watching the slender man push the door to leave. 

Before I left, I still looked at him for several times. 

As soon as Yin Ming Zheng left, Shi Qing jumped up from the sofa. 

[luring the tiger away from the mountain!! Must be luring the tiger away from the mountain!! ] 

System: [luring the tiger away from the mountain?? Then, then, let's hide. Is someone coming? ] 

[facing difficulties is a real man! ] 

Shiqing put on his shoes directly, then ran to the door, opened the door and walked to the road. 

It's time to zoom in. ] 

he wandered for about half an hour, and finally he waited for his captors. 

A needle went into the young man's white back neck. 

I was eating a lollipop when I was having it. 

The system reminds him: "host, sleeping ingredient. ] 

[Oh, oh. ] 

in the eyes of the kidnappers, it seems that the medicine is coming. The young man quietly closes his eyes and falls back. 

He quickly reached out to catch it, and then he was weighed down. 

Shi Qing quickly adjusted her weight. 

This man can barely get up, he does not understand to look at the young Bai Nen who is supported by himself. 

Look at thin not pull a few with a high school student, how can so heavy? 

I don't care, the employer needs someone else!!! 

At the beginning, Shi Qing was still shouldered honestly. As a result, perhaps the man's walking posture was too light and too fast. He yawned at the back and decided to sleep. 

Until the system says, "host, host, here we are. ] 

he woke up reluctantly. 

The result opens an eye to see, happy. 

Isn't this the big desert? 

There are so many happy memories here. 

At the beginning, he relied on rosemary, but he did not miss Yin Ming Zheng. 

It's more fun to look forward. 

Acquaintances! 

Zhao Miaomiao is looking at the mobile phone. When he raises his eyes, he wakes up and immediately reveals a malicious smile. 

When she was facing, she shook the mobile phone on her hand, and her eyes were full of pride: "do you know what's on it?" 

"I sent a message to ask Yin Mingzheng to come and save you." 

Time is quiet. 

Zhao Miaomiao thought that the boy was frightened and sneered: "don't you know how to cry? After a while, you will cry more. When Yin Mingzheng comes to save you, don't cry when the Zerg comes. " 

Shi Qing: "Zerg? Do you unite with Zerg to kill him? " 

"It's not that simple." 

She raised her chin and pointed to Shiqing's back: "this is the place for Zerg. As long as Yin Mingzheng comes, Zerg will give him polite and safe reception. He doesn't want you to die, so he can only stay. When I record these pictures and send them to the base, what do you think will happen?" 

Zhao Miaomiao laughs more and more loud, smile straight waist. 

"Human hero!! Collude with Zerg 

Boom. 

A spaceship landed. 

A Zerg, who looks similar to a human being and even dressed in clothes, walks down from the spaceship with his bizarre subordinates behind him and reaches Zhao Miaomiao in front of him. 

He glanced casually at the boy tied to the chair, tightening his eyebrows without eyebrows. His voice was hoarse, like a snake spitting out a snake's letter, "is this the human that Yin Mingzheng cares about?" 

"Yes, my Lord." 

Zhao Miaomiao knelt down obediently and looked at Shi Qing with malice: "when this thing is over, we can kill him and disguise him as an Zerg. Then, the betrayal of Yin Mingzheng to human beings will be settled." 

"Well." 

The Zerg gave Zhao Miaomiao a contemptuous look, "just do it." 

Ignored by the two, Shi Qing suddenly opened his mouth. His voice was clear, fast and light, like a simple and ignorant boy: 

"disguise me as a Zerg? Who came up with this good idea? " 

The first Zerg disdains to turn around. "You, a human, can be regarded as me after death. Zerg should..."His voice grew slowly with the time and stopped abruptly. 

The boy shook his stiff neck from side to side, rolled up his sleeves and showed his slender wrist. Facing the stunned Zerg in front of him, he showed a smile: "you are such a fun race in the universe." 

The Zerg looked blankly at his silver eyes: "machine, machine..." 

Zhao Miaomiao didn't know what was wrong. He quickly got up from the ground and said, "my lord?" 

The Zerg's feet were shaking and pointing to Shi Qing: "he, he is a machine, a machine..." 

"Mechanical what?" 

Hum - 

Zhao Miaomiao's words were interrupted. 

It was like a moment. 

In the sight of the Zerg high-level shock, hundreds of millions of humanoid machines follow Wang's call and come quickly. 

One by one, appeared in the sky. 

In less than two minutes, the desert sky was filled with countless humanoid machines. 

Zhao Miaomiao was scared to the ground. 

In her disbelieving sight, the teenager still smiles sweetly, soft, and elongated voice, as if in coquetry general: 

"mechanical race." 

When he said this, behind him, there were hundreds of millions of human machines in the air. 




 Zhao Miaomiao was scared to death. 

Even if the contents of these rumors were directed by her, she never thought that the delicate and soft Shi Qing was really an alien. 

Yes! 

Yes!! 

She was paralyzed on the ground, stupidly looking at the sky more and more human like machines, they have silver armor, each half a man high, equipped with a single weapon can destroy a building. 

At the beginning, it was they who surrounded the base and threatened to hand over Yin Ming Zheng. 

Later, Yin Ming Zheng came back with Shi Qing. 

Why didn't she think of it!!! 

Shi Qing looks at Zhao Miaomiao, who doesn't know what he is thinking. His eyes are full of interest. He raises his feet and moves towards the woman. 

"Ah --" 

the woman's shrill cry, fear rings out, Shiqing even has no time to do something, she has been frantic and flustered: "don't kill me!!! Don't kill me 

"Zerg!! It's the Zerg who forced me to do this. It's the Zerg's fault. Don't kill me... " 

The high-level Zerg people pointed out by Zhao Miaomiao: 

They didn't blame Zhao Miaomiao for daring to kidnap the mechanical race. How dare this human woman throw the pot to them?! 

But now is not the time to settle accounts. Shiqing has already seen it. 

Mechanical race!! 

This is a mechanical race!! 

Even if you look at him, you can see that he has ideas. When you think about what kind of mechanical race only Wang has, and what kind of mechanical race is in the memory of generations, a group of Zerg will be scared to the ground. 

The leader himself is shaking, not to mention the Zerg behind him. Human fear is body shaking, and they are afraid to be whole body shaking. 

At this moment, the last row of Zerg will shake off their 18 feet. 

They were trembling, "big, great..." 

The Zerg stuttered when they were speaking human language. Now they are so scared that they can't even hold out a word. 

When they saw the Qing Dynasty coming towards them, the closer they got, the closer they got. Several Zerg couldn't bear the psychological pressure. Before the teenagers came, they cut off their feet in a panic and lay on the ground. 

Like dead insects. 

Chopping feet is the highest etiquette of Zerg, representing the highest respect for each other. 

Shi Qing didn't care about these self injuring insects, but went to see the first Zerg. 

He has a humanoid figure, almost two meters high. The position of the arm is densely covered with arms. A slightly pointed face is covered with green sweat, which is just like a card belt: 

"big, adult, adult, you, you..." 

Maybe he was in a hurry. He cut off one of his arms. Then he eased up a little. He continued to explain to himself in human language: "don't believe it. This human, we, all, are cheated." 

Seeing him scared as if the next second is about to shake faint, Shiqing curiously asked: "you know me?" 

"No, no, no, no!" 

No matter the standing Zerg or the prostrate Zerg, they all shake their heads in a series, and even the Zerg frightens out colorful tears. 

"We don't know. Please forgive us, please. We really don't know anything..." 

From their appearance, Shi Qing can guess some of them. 

Mechanical races like to exterminate other races. They often fly to a planet in a spaceship, and then exterminate the intelligent creatures on this planet at a very fast speed. 

Generally speaking, there is no witness to this practice. 

Because people who saw the mechanical race were killed. 

How do Zerg know? 

Thinking about it, Shiqing locked in the inheritance memory. 

Inheritance memory is a very mysterious thing in human eyes. Generally speaking, the living elders of the previous generation pass down the more important memory in their impression from generation to generation, so that their offspring can avoid danger. 

There are innumerable races in the universe, some of which have inherited memory, and some have not. 

Shi Qingyong's body has just been born, and has not had time to do anything, but he already knows a lot of things, relying on the inheritance of memory. 

Since Zerg see his eyes, they are afraid. They must have known him for a long time. 

Shi Qing was interested in bluffing the leader: "you Zerg know our mechanical race?" 

Behind him, with his words coming out, the humanoid machines, which were still floating in the sky, seemed to have received instructions and turned to point their weapons at these Zerg. 

The dead insects were scared to life. 

The first one was even more scared to chop off his hands, one by one. 

"My Lord, I and we have never told other races about your existence. Please, please forgive me and us!"The upper echelons of Zerg are actually similar to humans. 

With ideas and wisdom, they will fight for power, and they will frame each other. 

The reason why Zerg can travel across the blue star is that they have no wisdom, but they can obey orders and dare to die. 

And a long time ago, their ancestors were just ordinary low-level Zerg without intelligence. 

In the memory of inheritance, more than 100000 years ago, they were just insects lying on the ground looking for food every day. The intelligent creatures on their planet lived in the ocean. 95% of that planet was sea water. The Zerg people who did not evolve the ability to live in water could only shrink to another 5%, and worked hard to survive carefully. 

And then the mechanical race came. 

All Zerg can see that scene in the inheritance memory. 

The cannon fodder fell from the sky to the sea, and the king with silver eyes sat on the throne, with no emotion in his eyes. 

The biggest characteristic of humanoid machinery is that it can be continuously produced. As long as Wang wants to, he can make it forever. 

The Zerg planet was destroyed in seven days. 

They had no thought, but instinctively felt fear, so they ran underground in the cannon fodder until they were quiet outside. 

When they went out again, they found that the intelligent creatures that could trample them to death at will were dead. 

Zerg became the new intelligent creature on the planet. 

But the fear of the mechanical race is forever imprinted on their heritage memory. 

When they began to plunder other planets, they would also carefully detect intelligence. After more than 100000 years, they also had a more and more clear understanding of the mechanical race. 

This race likes to exterminate others. 

Zerg or whatever, once you've seen a mechanical race, you'll never survive. 

The deepening inheritance memory tells them that when they see the mechanical race, don't think about anything else and run quickly. One can run. 

When they see Shiqing, Zerg want to run. 

They're going to be surrounded by machines. 

At the same time, they are afraid, and wish to frustrate Zhao Miaomiao. 

What about kidnapping people?!! 

You've got a robot race tied to them! 

And push the pot on them!! 

At this moment, the Zerg are afraid, but they still don't forget to forget themselves, "my Lord, it's this human, this human deceives me and us. We respect you very much. As long as you say a word, Zerg is willing and only you The head of the horse is a good one 

This is also a bug who can speak idioms. 

Zhao Miaomiao just got rid of the chaotic mood when he heard this sentence and suddenly collapsed. 

The Zerg she has worked so hard to catch up with, she is willing to clear up at any time. 

If she had offended Shiqing, she had no way to live. 

In the process of collapse, a fog suddenly rises and goes towards those Zerg with fierce force. All the moves are to kill them. 

The Zerg can hide, but when they are about to move, Shiqing looks at them with a look in their eyes. They dare not move. They can only take the green sweat on their forehead and try hard to avoid the black fog that cuts people even more than knives. 

By the time Yin Mingzheng came out of the black fog with a suit of self-cultivation uniform and fierce Yan Ming Zheng, the first Zerg had no hands. 

"Ming Zheng!" 

They almost gaped at each other. In the memory of inheritance, they never communicated with other races. When they met, they killed the mechanical race, which fell into the arms of the human man, as if he were so delicate, and rubbed him wrongly. 

"Why did you come here? I was scared, boo..." 

A swarm of insects:.... " 

Yin Mingzheng didn't realize that these Zerg people looked like they were dreaming. In fact, no matter how the five senses of Zerg changed, human could not see it. 

All his mind is now in Shiqing. 

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry..." 

The man who has always been steady is scared. He tightly encircles the young man in his arms and kisses the hair of Shiqing with full guilt and pity. 

No one knows what it was like when he received a text message. 

When he came, Yin Mingzheng thought a lot. 

If there is an accident in Shiqing, these people will be buried for his little prince. 

And when you see the machinery from afar, the man's heart is almost to the bottom. 

What happened, these loyal subordinates will come to their king. 

He almost tried his best to get here. 

When you saw the young man standing at that time, the big stone at the bottom of Yin Ming Zheng's heart was falling to the ground. 

At the moment, holding a harmless teenager, the man covered the red eye tail. 

"Never again." 

"I will never leave you alone again."He stroked his back again and again, as if to pacify the youth with his own body temperature. 

Shiqing must be scared. 

He's so young that he doesn't understand anything. 

Even if you can play around with leyouyuan like a lively erha in the base, it's also under the protection of someone. 

The Zerg was almost stunned, looking at a young man who was going to kill them. He nestled in the man's arms, and his voice trembled, "I'm so afraid, Mingzheng, you protect me." 

"Well, I'll protect you." 

Yin Mingzheng carefully coaxed the man in his arms: "don't be afraid, they will all die and will not hurt you any more." 

With that, the man raised his eyes and looked at his enemies full of green juice. 

The black fog suddenly rises into the air, and in a moment, it surrounds the ignorant Zerg. 

Zerg people: -- 

It's none of their business!! 

They just came to make soy sauce!! 




 If there is no such human like machine, the Zerg may even have to fight, but when you look at Shi Qing, how dare they do anything. 

Seeing that Yin Mingzheng was about to take their lives, the first one directly fell on the ground: "I, we didn't want to, what to do It's all this, human beings It's all her! " 

Does this human think she is the only one who can throw the pot! 

They will!! 

The Zerg, who was full of green sweat and had more than a dozen arms cut off, tried to overcome the stuttering: "it's this human. She said she wanted to kill you, so she kidnapped DA and DA, we, we..." 

Behind him, a multi eyed Zerg with eight eyes saw the leader get stuck, and quickly added: "we are the way, passing by." 

"Yes! Yes, yes, yes 

As if the first Zerg grasped some life-saving straw, they nodded their heads desperately, and the meat on their swollen neck was about to be thrown out: 

"passing by! We are the way, passing by to have a look 

Yin Ming Zheng had never seen the Zerg style. He had seen the top echelons of Zerg in some previous battles. Everyone wanted to drag himself to the sky, and his eyes were full of contempt for the aborigines. 

This is the first time you've seen Zerg do this. 

The hero of human beings did not think too much of himself. He naturally thought of Shi Qing. 

Shiqing is so timid. His appearance must be harmless. Although he is a big mouth, these Zerg will not be afraid of him. 

Is it because of the human like machine? 

Yin Mingzheng takes a look at the human like machines floating in the sky and thinks it is very possible. 

He only knew that Shiqing was the king of the mechanical race, but also knew the habits of some mechanical races. However, he never asked what status the obsolete Qing race was in the universe. 

Now it looks like it's in a good position. 

If you let Zerg know what Yin Mingzheng is thinking, I'm afraid he really underestimates the mechanical race. 

This is a mechanical race. 

It's not for fame or profit. It's simply to destroy an intelligent civilization. 

However, there are many younger brothers with strong lethality. They are not afraid of death, and they are willing to fight for the king without saying that they can continue to produce. 

Who is not afraid of an endless stream of enemies. 

They were afraid anyway. 

If you annoy this adult, I'm afraid they will be able to exterminate on the spot. 

Several high-level Zerg people were lying on the ground, and the leader was still racking his brains to think about how to escape. Zhao Miaomiao could not say a word. 

Now how to say, Shi Qing saw her true face. The Zerg turned back and threw all the dirty water on her. The humanoid machine in the sky blocked the back road with guns. In front of her stood a man who looked at himself with disgust. 

Whether it's up or down, it's a dead word. 

Zhao Miaomiao has never felt such despair as he is now. 

Take a look at Shi Qing, who is shrinking in a man's arms. He doesn't even look at himself. Then look at the Zerg people who dare not lift their heads and stammer for mercy. 

Zhao Miaomiao put his only hope on Yin Ming Zheng. 

"Brother Mingzheng! Brother Mingzheng, you believe me. I don't know anything. I'm also bound to Mingzheng! " 

Her original plan with General Zhao was that after the arrival of Yin Ming Zheng, she threatened Yin Ming Zheng to stand with the Zerg with Shiqing, and then broadcast it to the base to let the whole base know that human heroes collude with Zerg. 

They didn't want to kill Yin Mingzheng at the beginning. This man is too strong. If he really tries to kill him, the Zerg can't suppress him, maybe he will be eaten back. 

But destroying his reputation is different. Yin Mingzheng can attack the Zerg, but he can't attack the human beings. At that time, the human heroes who lost all the glory would have no power to fight back. 

As for Zhao Miaomiao's appearance here, it's entirely because the Zerg have a lot of heart. They are worried that human beings have set up a plan to pit them, so Zhao Miaomiao is taken as a hostage. 

Before Zhao Miaomiao, he felt that he was a good person. 

She wanted to clean her small face when she scraped the flowers with her own hands, to see how he pretended to be pitiful. She also wanted to make Yin Mingzheng, a man who did not know good or evil, to become infamous. 

But now, she can only cry at the foot of Yin Ming Zheng. 

"Brother Mingzheng, that's Zerg. How can you believe Zerg? What kind of person am I? Don't you know? How could I do such a thing 

She stretched out her hand to pull the leg of Yin Mingzheng's trousers and cried, "can't our love for so long be worth the words of these Zerg?" 

Yin Mingzheng feels that Shiqing is twisting his flesh again. 

He held his little prince in his arms and moved his feet back to prevent Zhao Miaomiao from touching himself. 

The face of the human hero is serious and his posture is correct: "we have no affection." 

"And don't touch me."At the same time, the man's slender hand also carefully protected the young man in his arms. 

This pair of Qing Dynasty treasure, but she abandoned the appearance of my shoes stimulated Zhao Miaomiao. 

These days, she tried every means to please Yin Mingzheng, but this ruthless man not only failed to please her, but also avoided her. 

She didn't even let her go to the corner of her clothes. Every time she came to please her, she just said what he had already had a partner. When she had Shiqing, she wanted her self-respect. 

Even now, when she cried like this, Yin Mingzheng only cared about Shiqing who was protected by him!! 

She died in front of her eyes, but Shiqing could be protected by Yin Ming Zheng all her life. 

Why!! 

By what!!! 

Zhao Miaomiao was crazy. He stood up shaking and shaking, shaking his fingers to the clever boy in the man's arms: "Yin Ming Zheng!"!!! You've been cheated! He's not what you see! He's an alien 

Then she turned and pointed to the humanoid machine in the sky: 

"do you see the aliens in the sky? These are he called, not my race, their heart will be different, you don't know?!! You believe him? Don't you believe me if you believe these Zerg words? " 

Seeing Yin Mingzheng's indifference and not shaking her words, she laughed again, "yes, yes, you were caught in the spaceship by him and came back with him. You must know that he is an alien." 

"You sent me there." 

The man finally opened his mouth, eyes full of sharp irony: "do you really think I can't find out?" 

Zhao Miaomiao was stunned. 

Immediately, Yin Mingzheng realized that it was General Zhao who sent someone to attack him, so he shook his head, "no, it's not me. It's my father. He did it. I like you. How can I kill you? It's not me..." 

"It doesn't matter." 

Yin Mingzheng did not have much emotion on her face, and even showed a smile. Because of her beautiful and three-dimensional facial features, she looked much later than before. 

He said, "I don't blame you." 

Zhao Miaomiao had never seen him smile like this to himself. He was surprised for a moment, and then his eyes kindled with hope. 

Yin Mingzheng said this, is to forgive her, to let her go?! 

However, the next second, the God like man drooped his eyes, full of tenderness fell on the young man in his arms, good-looking lips curled up, and his whole body aura became gentle because of the look at time Qing. 

The human hero said, "if you didn't want to kill me, how could I have met Shiqing?" 

Zhao Miaomiao: 

[it's promising. I'll talk sweet words. ] 

when Qingting smiles, she puts her arm around the man's neck and raises her head, and pecks him on his hard cheek as a reward. 

One side lying on the ground, honest Zerg see this scene, are a little confused. 

Zerg do not have the habit of kinship, and they never disdain to understand the native people, so they do not understand why they do this. 

One of the Zerg, who was lying on his back, whispered in insect language, "are you going to eat Yin Ming Zheng?" 

"The adult's mouth is so small, and there is only one, so we should not finish eating. Shall we take advantage of him to steal away?" 

"How? There are so many machines in the sky, you can show me one 

The first Zerg couldn't stand it: "don't make a noise!" 

He despised those who came to invade the planet and didn't do their homework? This is the action of human beings before they want to fight. " 

"Adults and humans? What about racial differences? " 

"What a bunch of idiots!" 

The first Zerg is a burst of contempt: "mechanical race has been breeding, but I have never heard of how they reproduce. In my opinion, the breeding mode of mechanical race must be to eat the breeding object, first sex and then eat!" 

"So it is. After breeding, the insects will be more docile. Adults should be the same. Do you think we should wait for adults and humans to reproduce, and then ask them to let us go?" 

"I think so." 

"Yes, we can. We'll wait here for the adults to reproduce." 

They seriously discussed in insect language how to protect their own Zerg, but in the ears of Yin Ming Zheng and Shi Qing, it was: 

"Jiji, Jiji?" 

"Gee, gee, gee." 

"Gee, gee, Gee!" 

"Gee!" 

The human hero tightened his eyebrows, and the black fog suddenly fell in front of the Zerg. He asked coldly, "what are you doing?" 

The Zerg were startled and quickly explained: 

"Gee! No, nothing. We're talking and chatting. " 

He was so scared that he fainted on the spot, but because of his extremely ugly appearance, he was full of green sweat, his eyes were ferocious (SCARED) and his mouth was open and closed. His fangs were faintly visible.The little prince of Yin Ming Zheng seemed to be frightened, and with a cry, he buried his face in the man's arms. 

He didn't care to intimidate the Zerg. He patted Shiqing and said, "it's OK. Don't be afraid. I'm here." 

The boy's body trembled slightly, and he stretched out his hand to hold Yin Ming Zheng tightly. It seemed that he was still in shock. 

In fact, Shi Qing is poking at the system: "ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!"!!! Tongbao, Tongbao, come out! ] 

conscious that the host was a big man, Yin Mingzheng came to support him and didn't need to do anything by himself. The system of Tao Te Ching, which was being studied with ease, sprang up. 

[host? ] 

Shi Qing: [ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!!! ] 

after laughing, he learned the Zerg that he had just heard: "Gee, gee, Gee! ] 

System: [what? ] 

[Gee, gee, gee. ] 

System: [? ] 

when Qing Qing's face was still buried in the arms of Yin Ming Zheng, he was afraid that he would laugh. 

The man thought he was really scared. He took a cold look at the Zerg, and the black fog rose up to threaten him: "lower your head." 

After that, he looked down at the man in his arms, and the expression on his face was gentle again. He patted his back gently, and the magnetic voice was low and deep, with full pity. 

"Don't be afraid. They're just ugly. They don't dare to do anything with me." 

Not long ago, the Zerg, who witnessed the arrogant appearance of their youth, quietly 

- lowered his ugly head. 




 Fearing that Shi Qing was still afraid, Yin Mingzheng coaxed and coaxed the youth circle in her arms. Her careful appearance did not look like the cold and hard God of war. 

This appearance is simply jealous of Zhao Miaomiao of the Qing Dynasty. 

She can't help shaking Yin Mingzheng's shoulder and roaring: are you blind?!! 

Where is he weak!! Ten minutes ago, this wild boy named Shiqing scared a group of Zerg on the ground!! 

How could he be afraid!! How is that possible? 

Zhao Miaomiao did not say these words, Yin Ming Zheng was hopeless. 

Thanks to her previous seduction, she thought that although Yin Mingzheng never accepted her, it was also because he was thoughtful and smart, and saw that she was deliberately showing off. 

But now it seems that Yin Mingzheng is a big fool! 

The alien is lying with his eyes open, and he applauds! 

And the Zerg, who were supposed to be her allies, were all weak and careful little pities at the moment. 

Before Zhao Miaomiao also beat the Zerg revolt in her heart, and she took advantage of the idea of running away. 

It turns out that none of these Zerg wants to run. 

One by one on the ground, face to the ground to try not to show, with human language stuttering to Zhao Miaomiao body toss pot. 

"This woman is evil and vicious. We Zerg are bright and upright Big! You believe us, we are really a simple road, a road 

"Yes! yes! It's the way, the way 

A group of Zerg echoed, humble and careful. 

In such a pitiful pleading, Shi Qing finally raised his head from the man's arms. Maybe he was really scared before. His eyes even turned red. With that delicate and beautiful face and carefully curled up white fingers, he looked pitifully. 

After a glance at the Zerg, the young man leaned back to the arms of Yin Mingzheng and said in a weak voice, "are they the Zerg who want to invade Bluestar?" 

The human hero pitifully took care of the man in his arms and looked at the Zerg's cold eyes: "yes." 

Shi Qing rubbed the coat of Yin Ming Zheng. 

"How could there be such a ferocious race in the universe, at best, to invade other planets." 

Several Zerg faces on the ground twisted immediately. 

What did they hear! 

They even heard that the robot race, which likes to destroy an entire planet's intelligent creatures, said that their Zerg were ferocious?? 

Uncle, who on earth is cruel!! 

Yin Mingzheng didn't notice the expressions of these Zerg. He immediately thought of Shi Qing, who had been in a spaceship alone for tens of thousands of years. 

Although there are human like mechanical protection, Shiqing is so innocent and harmless. If there are really Zerg invaders who are targeting him, he may not be able to escape. 

As long as I think that the youth will meet the terrible invaders before meeting him, and disappear quietly in the universe, a burst of pain pouts out his heart. 

"Don't be afraid." 

He was careful, gently, kissing the young man's soft hair, lowering his voice to coax: "we will drive them out of blue star." 

The Zerg, who was still twisting his face on the ground, was very happy when he heard it. He quickly raised his head and said, "you don't have to rush. We'll take care of ourselves Go by yourself 

"Yes! yes! I, we, go by ourselves 

"Let's go at once, without delay or delay for a second." 

There is a mechanical race on the blue star. They are crazy to stay here. 

Yin Mingzheng frowned at the Zerg, not sure whether they were going to go back to save the soldiers or to be serious. 

Seeing that he hesitated, the first Zerg bit his teeth, crawled to the man's feet, and cried and begged: "big, Lord, please forgive me and us. Our family has just been here for three days, and those bad things have been I'm only 5800 and 06 years old and 23 days old. I'm still young. I don't understand and understand! You, you Give us a break 

It's hard to listen to the Zerg, but it doesn't stop them from understanding what he's saying. 

It was the first time that Yin Ming Zheng knew that the Zerg came in batches. 

According to this Zerg stumbling and stumbling, after they decide to occupy blue star, they start to launch the first group of charging teams. If it is not difficult, the second and third groups will come slowly. 

On the blue star, because Yin Mingzheng is the most powerful one, Zerg people have not taken it down for a long time, so more and more Zerg are sent here to try to chew the hard bone of Yin Mingzheng. 

The weeping Zerg is a multi legged one, and has just been sent here for three days. 

According to his words, he was only five thousand years old, young and ignorant. He came to the battlefield for the first time and planned to make a contribution. 

As a result, I got the job and hit the gun. 

What he wanted was not Yin Ming Zheng, but Shi Qing, who was held in the arms of a man.Of course, the human hero doesn't know. He only listens to the Zerg, while protecting the young man in his arms. The ability is alert to the Zerg who kneels down in front of him. 

To tell you the truth, a two meter high man with a neck full of flesh and a ferocious face crying out that he is still a child, this picture is quite hot. 

Yin Mingzheng looked at the weeping Zerg with disgust: "shut up." 

The Zerg are so scared that they can't speak. 

At this time, Shiqing shrank into the man's arms. 

The human hero felt his action and looked down at the tender and soft baby of tens of thousands of years old. 

This is what a child should look like. 

When he looked at Shiqing gently, Zhao Miaomiao over there had already turned on his mobile phone. 

According to the original plan, she opened the live broadcast software and aimed at Yin Mingzheng. 

The reason why it can be broadcast live in the desert is also due to leyuyuan. 

In order to play, he gathered people in the base and developed a live broadcast software. 

Now, we can use the signal of Miaoyu on the ground. 

-- anytime, anywhere, at will, with one signal to solve all problems. 

This is the advertisement word that le you originally came up with personally. 

Because he had planned to "expose" the improper relationship between Yin Ming Zheng and Zerg, Zhao Miaomiao had already inserted the signal on the ground. 

The Internet speed is as fast as the wind. 

The base is because of the disappearance of Shiqing and crazy looking for leyouyuan suddenly sneezed. 

"Well, I'm in such good health that I never sneeze. When I sneeze suddenly, Xiaoqing must be suffering. He must want me to save him!" 

"Brother Le!" 

He □ nagging, followed by the younger brother suddenly ran over with a mobile phone: "you see this!" 

"What?" 

Leyou took the mobile phone and looked at it, "live? When I was very special, Xiao Qing was tied away. You also let me watch the live broadcast! " 

"No, it's not. Look carefully. Shiqing is in it." 

After hearing this, Yueyou yuan's spirit was shocked. After a closer look, it was found that the person inside was Yin Ming Zheng holding Shiqing, and there were several ferocious looking Zerg people in front of him. 

"Sleeping trough!! When I was Xiaoqing? " 

He was so frightened that he looked up. 

As soon as I got close, a woman's voice full of malice and madness shrieked: "this is the hero of your faith!! Look who he's holding. It's an alien! It's not us at all. Look at the aliens in the sky. These are all with this alien! " 

"Look at his eyes, look at the Zerg kneeling in front of him, and then look at the alien in the sky. Before Yin Mingzheng was taken away, he came back with this alien. He was not a hero for a long time. He took refuge in the alien, and he wanted to destroy our base!" 

"I NIMA!" 

If you didn't know it was a mobile phone, you would have punched it. 

"Who's making a rumor about this!!! How could Xiaoqing be an alien when I was a child! " 

He didn't believe it, but some people were skeptical about the barrage. 

[yes, the man's eyes brought back by general Yin are silver. How can human beings have silver eyes. ] 

[you see, the clothes on the aliens in the sky are also silver. ] 

[Zerg is so vicious, how can they stay there so quietly? I think what she said is true. ] 

of course, more people still don't believe it. 

Are you stupid? What's wrong with silver eyes? I've seen cataracts! ] 

[you are not allowed to slander my God. He fought hard to save human beings. How can someone speak ill of his conscience every day! ] 

[general Yin is also here. The Zerg will not move if they don't move. Who knows the killing power of general Yin. ] 

"when I wipe it, there are sand sculpture letters." 

Leyou's original eyes were fixed on the bullet screen, and he rolled his sleeves angrily: "I'll call now and ask people to find out and beat these sand sculptures." 

Anyway, he sold the satellite phones after the end of the world, and so did the signal. Even the live broadcast software was under his name. It is not easy to find someone. 

On the other side of the desert, Yin Mingzheng was about to kill the next second when he found that the camera was aimed at himself, but was blocked by Shi Qing with tender fingers, so he didn't make any more moves. 

Even if listening to Zhao Miaomiao slander himself, the man is still motionless. 

He trusted Shiqing and his little prince. 

The boy has been listening to Zhao Miaomiao finish, just lightly jumped from the human hero's arms. 

He went straight to the camera under Zhao Miaomiao's vicious and alert sight. 

Zhao Miaomiao: "it's useless for you to deny it. I heard it from my own ears. The Zerg said that you are not human, and you admit it yourself. You are clearly...""Mechanical race." 

The soft voice of Shi Qing intercepted Zhao Miaomiao's words. 

His voice was sweet, delicate and without a trace of haze: "I am not a human being, but a mechanical race." 

Zhao Miaomiao Leng Leng Leng, and then ecstatic, in the back of the camera crazy chant: "hear it! Did you hear that? He admitted it!! He's not human 

When she was a beautiful young man, she was ignored. 

He only slightly raised his eyebrows and continued, "I am a mechanical race, but not a Zerg." 

"Blue star has never joined the nine major galaxies. Maybe we don't know about all kinds of races in the universe. I can explain it to you." 

The young man raised his chin slightly, and the sun sprinkled on his beautiful face, which made him look holy and holy, and his voice was very clear: 

Shi Qing said: "mechanical race yearns for peace, but they never communicate with other races. They only sit in spaceships and look for the planet in danger. When the planet is in danger, the mechanical race will come forward and help the planet." 

"But because we mechanical races don't like to communicate with other races, there are only fragmentary phrases in the universe, and only those races with inherited memory like Zerg can know our yearning for peace." 

The Zerg people in the back recall the picture of the robot race killing one intelligent creature when they see one of them 

The boy showed a naive smile to the camera. 

"The Zerg have been subdued. There are people who don't believe it. Let's see what they say." 

Said, he made way for the position, behind several kneeling Zerg exposed to the camera. 

Behind him, where the camera can't see, countless human beings mechanically twist their electronic eyes to look at the Zerg. 

A few insects looked at the sky behind them and aimed the artillery at their humanoid machines. The green juice splashed on their heads and nodded wildly: " Yes, yes 

"Mechanical species, race Peace 

After saying that, they looked at the humanoid machine slowly retracting the gun, almost soft on the ground. 

Even one Zerg was so scared that his legs were bleeding green. 

After getting a satisfactory reply, Shi Qing returned to the camera. 

Under the background of several Zerg with green juice, he concludes with a quick sentence: 

"the mechanical race is the most peaceful race in the universe." 




 An alien jumped out and said that we are a peaceful race or something. Human beings can't believe it directly. 

However, Shi Qing said so with his huge mechanical Corps. 

By the way, the previous summary is that his mechanical Corps beat the Zerg all over the head. 

Yin Mingzheng announced the alliance between humans and mechanical race, and then took the powers and humanoid robots to the battlefield to catch the Zerg people who were constantly trying to escape after receiving the news and beat them up. 

This battle of mechanical race is enough to be remembered by all mankind for a lifetime. 

On that day, the mechanical race and human alliance "peacefully" negotiated with the Zerg. 

Zerg don't have a chance to say no because they've been knocked out of their nest before they say it. 

In the end, they signed a contract. 

As long as Zerg exist, they will never invade other planets. 

Not only will they not invade, they must also learn from the mechanical race, flying all over the universe, attacking evil forces everywhere. 

On the negotiation table full of fire and smoke, the Zerg, who was pushed out to sign, stood trembling, watching the real evil force Shi Qing carefully, and reading the contents of the negotiation book: "Zerg will, will become the same as mechanical race, peaceful race..." 

"Guard the peace of the universe forever and ever!" 

After reading, he shivered, trembling, and signed the negotiation book. 

"This, the above content will be forever engraved in my and my family's inheritance memory..." 

"Good." 

Shi Qing leaned against Yin Ming Zheng like a bone, and his face was full of satisfaction: "the Zerg are really reasonable." 

The Zerg looked at the humanoid machines all over the sky. While the green juice was flowing, the chicks nodded like pecking rice: "yes! Yes, yes 

Most of the Zerg were banished from the blue star, and some were left as captives as coolies. According to the contract, they worked as coolies for 10 years before they could go home. 

When the Zerg's spaceship flees away from the blue star, the remaining Zerg feel the threat of the mechanical race and lie down on the ground and cry in despair. 

It's impossible not to despair. The Zerg live by inheriting their memory. For them, the mechanical race is like a rabbit forced to live in the same area with a tiger. Every moment they meet, they are anxious to cut off all their hands. 

How can this live!!! 

The Zerg who leave can't care about these people. Anyway, ten years is just a blink of an eye for the Zerg. They'd better run for their lives. 

When we get back to the planet, we immediately gather people and horses to drive the largest and best spacecraft, and then 

To save other planets in distress. 

The king of the mechanical race gave orders, even if they didn't want to, they had to work hard. 

Think again, Shiqing tells them that the robot race will stare at them for generations 

Peace!! 

They must yearn for peace!! 

This is not peaceful, but will be destroyed! 

On the blue star, humans have also accepted the idea that the mechanical race is a peaceful race. 

After all, Shiqing is too harmless. 

Zhao Miaomiao's father was sentenced to death, but she was left with a life. After being detained for a month and the Zerg were expelled from blue star, the court was free to try her. 

As a person who kidnaps the mechanical race royal family and colludes with the Zerg to murder Yin Ming Zheng general, her trial has aroused great concern. 

After all, with the advent of the era of peace, people who were struggling to survive are also interested in gossip. 

Standing in the courtroom, perhaps knowing that it was a global live broadcast, Zhao Miaomiao simply gave up the struggle and only concentrated on delaying the time and clearing the water. 

She sneered at the camera: "do you believe that alien? At the beginning, he threatened to hand over Yin Mingzheng with millions of human lives. His legs didn't even change their clothes. You are so stupid 

As soon as Zhao Miaomiao said this, all the onlookers began to whisper. 

However, she did not wait for Zhao Miaomiao to show her complacency. She had already heard the words of those who were watching. 

"It's all explained before? Although the mechanical race yearned for peace, they were not willing to get along with other intelligent creatures, so when they came, they asked general Yin, the strongest person in the blue star, to ask about the situation. As a result, general Yin fell in love with the royal family of mechanical race, and they directly followed the human base. " 

"Or we, general Yan, are powerful, that's the royal family. Are they the king's words or the imperial edict?" 

Zhao Miaomiao was furious, "are you all blind?"?!! Those aliens surrounded our base at first!! That's a threat!! If they really want people, why don't they just say it in a natural way 

Someone looked at Zhao Miaomiao with disdain, as if he were looking at a two fool: "people's technology is advanced, look at us just like watching ants, you help ants beat away other ants will specially say to ants, oh, I came to help you fight?""That's right. Besides, at that time, an alien came to say that we were peaceful race. We came to fight Zerg for you. I don't think anyone would believe it." 

"The premise of the conspiracy theory is that the plot is good for them. People help us beat away the Zerg, and they don't want anything. They just leave the blue star, and the remaining royal family is a pair with general Yan. If it is good, is it for general Yan?" 

"It's really possible that general Yan is such an excellent man. If he had not been with the royal family, I would have tried it." 

Zhao Miaomiao: 

She looked at the table whispering, but there was no one on the right point, and she felt that she was just drunk and awake alone. 

After the final trial, Zhao Miaomiao was sentenced to death for his serious crime. Considering that he did not cause serious harm, he was suspended for three months. 

It's better not to delay these three months. 

After all, for a person who knows when he will die, every day is a torment. 

Zhao Miaomiao incident so smoothly ended, she said those words did not have any impact on people. 

To tell you the truth, if she had said two months ago, when human beings were having the greatest doubt about Shiqing, she might have made some people reject them from the bottom of their hearts. 

But now, the Zerg who occupy their homes have been driven away. As can be seen from the Zerg who beat them without any backhand before they can easily drive them away, the robot race can take over blue star directly if they want. 

But they didn't. 

Not only did not, on the contrary, after helping the blue star, he gave the blue star system alliance coordinates and left the blue star quietly. 

With such a strong strength, they really want to have something different. They will become it directly and talk nonsense. 

And their blue star has successfully contacted the galaxy alliance and registered the galaxy. 

We also learned that only the relatively backward and unregistered Star Alliance would be the target of Zerg predators. After all, if the star in the galaxy alliance goes wrong, all the planets will work together to find out the murderer for revenge. 

So for now, Bluestar is safe. 

Of course, it's not absolutely safe. 

For example, the staff of the galaxy alliance expressed with a bit of fear: the universe is very large, and there are many planets and races. There will also be special terrorist races, which are even more terrifying than the predators like Zerg. After all, Zerg plunder the planet for resources, but that race just takes destroying intelligent creatures as a hobby. 

If you don't say much, you'll do it on your way up, and you'll leave when you've finished. You don't have to delay for a second. 

This kind of race that has nothing to do with destroying the planet and something to destroy the planet is really terrible. 

It is also because they have always been to a planet directly destroyed, the last witness has not been, until now, the galaxy alliance does not know what this race is called, what it looks like, what its characteristics are. 

It's just horrible anyway. 

After the science popularization, the staff thought again, "by the way, before your planet, you still reported to us that the peaceful mechanical race helped us. Did they not report in the alliance? We have no information here. " 

Yin Mingzheng told the empress of the Qing Dynasty that the successive kings of their race were quite special, and those who did good deeds without leaving their names did not contact other races. Since the galaxy alliance asked about it, please report it. 

As a result, there was an additional file in the galaxy Alliance race profile. 

Mechanical race: peace loving, to help other planets as their own duty. 

Injury registration: 0 

a system that feels that history is being tampered with: [ Host, isn't that good. ] 

[hmm? What's wrong? ] 

Shi Qingzheng shrank in the man's arms, playing with the buttons of Yin Ming Zheng. 

System: [when we are gone, the world will continue to work. What if the next king goes to kill the next king as soon as we leave. ] 

[reassure me, of course I've taken that into consideration. ] 

the young man leaned against Yin Ming Zheng and went to get the petal like small parts to his chin. 

Because these days are busy running in the general election, the man has not had a rest for a long time, and there are some fragmentary Stubbles on his chin, looking more sexy than before. 

So Shi Qing's latest hobby is playing with his stubbles. 

While playing, he said: "mechanical race also depends on ethnic memory. As long as I keep the memory of yearning for peace, the next one will also yearn for peace. ] 

the system thought of another point: [host, you don't really intend to have children with Yin Mingzheng. Then you will be dead when your life is over, and the child is born on the planet alone. How pitiful he is. ] 

Shi Qing: [ha ha ha ha ha ha Ji Ji Ji!! ] 

System: [? ] 

[you are such a fool, my Tong, you can't really believe what I said. Yin Mingzheng is for reproduction. The mechanical race is based on the mother tree, and the mother tree in front of it will breed when the race is dead. The next generation comes from generation to generation. You don't need any partners at all. How can you say that there are all kinds of strange things in the universe Yeah. ] [ha ha ha ha ha ha, little fool. ] 

system; [ ] 

System: [ Boo Hoo hoo, why am I so stupid? I'd better go to the Tao Te Ching. ] 

in fact, it is not just the system that believes in this statement. 

Yin Mingzheng also believed it. 

And for a long time. 

Shi Qing once told him that he found Yin Mingzheng because it was the strongest human being on the blue star, so this little prince like little guy would stick to him and ask him to be his partner. 

Before, Yin Ming Zheng was only responsible for Shi Qing, and naturally didn't care much about this statement. 

Now. 

He fell in love with Shiqing, but for him, only because he was the strongest one, he would like to be with him. 

Just think about it like this, human heroes abuse themselves at the bottom of their hearts. 

He didn't want to blame Shiqing, but silently worked harder day by day. 

Discovered by time Qing, the man was silent at first, then replied in a low voice: "I want to ensure that I am the strongest person on the blue star." 

"Oh, then keep trying." 

Shi Qing thought that he was for the election, so he nodded and put a reclining chair in front of the training ground. Beside the chair, there was a tea table with juice on it. 

Every time Yin Ming Zheng was training, Shi Qing was lying on the couch, drinking juice and enjoying the scene. 

After all, a beautiful man's muscles are evenly distributed, with wide shoulders, narrow waist and long legs. It's not common to see the beautiful scenery of working hard with sweat. 

After practicing for two months, until before the election, Leyou's original studio developed a detector to measure specific power standards. 

Global free testing, almost all the powers are curious to try. 

Level 10 is the highest. 

Other people go up, it's six or seven at most. 

When Yin Ming Zheng went up, the detector exploded. 

After five attempts and five explosions, Leyou yuan had to hold his detector to admit that Yin Mingzheng's power was far beyond level 10. 

He's only seven! 

It's impossible to take Shi Xiaoqing back from Yin Mingzheng. 

Zheng music has always been very angry, no matter how much money you have been asked for, he is still very happy. 

Of course, the human hero himself knows that this is a relaxed smile. 

At present, there is still a big gap between other people and him. He doesn't have to worry about his ability being inferior to others. His lover will run with others. 

Now, after the general election, Yin Mingzheng was elected as the first chief executive. 

He can rest assured and do something else. 

When Shi Qingzheng was playing with his buttons, he seemed to be watching TV. In fact, his mind was full of tension, and he didn't pay attention to the content of TV. Yin Mingzheng was brewing and brewing, and finally opened his mouth dry. 

"Shiqing, do you want to see the big parts?" 

The boy, who was playing with buttons, sat up with his eyes shining. 

"Good, good." 

Yin Mingzheng suddenly relaxed. 

The human hero showed a little shy smile and gently held the youth in his arms. 

When Qing put down his weight, happily rub his coat. 

[system, don't come out. ] 

the system takes a cautious head: [host, you Be gentle. The last time he was drugged, he kept rubbing his waist when he woke up. ] 

after that, although the host kept telling it that they really didn't do anything, the system remained silent in the data with doubts. 

When he finished, he went back to see Tao Te Ching. 

After looking at it for about an hour, I thought it was almost right. It looked out of sight carefully. 

It's full of mosaics. 

Scared, it rubbed back and continued to read the Tao Te Ching. 

In the third hour, I was reading the system of "100 dishes of home cooking" and put down the book. 

Three hours, that's enough for humans. 

It sticks its head out. 

And I was scared back by the mosaic again. 

In the fifth hour, what the system finally saw was not a mosaic. 

As soon as it went out, he saw Shi Qingzheng lying in the arms of Yin Ming Zheng. With caution and guilt on his face, he was pinching his sour legs carefully. 

The scene is still very harmonious, Yin Ming Zheng even on the earlobe is still shy red. 

As for why the legs are weak, the system doesn't understand. 

The system looks at the trance expression on the host's face and shouts carefully: "host? ] 

it took about a minute or two before he heard Shi Qing's feeble response: "well ] 

[well, are you tired? Do you want kidney tonic? I just looked at the menu. There is a black chicken and Magnolia soup in it, which is very nourishing for the kidney. ] Shi Qing: [ ] 

[how about stewing Yin Ming Zheng? ] 

time clear: [ ] 

Shi Qing: [no, he is strong enough. ] 

Shi Qing: [if I make up for it, I can't bear it. ] 

System: [what? What can't you carry? ] 

Shi Qing: [I finally know why Yin Mingzheng has been single in the original plot. ] 

[why? ] 

[because no one can carry it. ] 

a simple small system is full of data: [host, please explain clearly, what can't be carried? ] 

Shi Qing is still murmuring to himself: 

thanks to me, I am not a human being. If I were a human, I should not die here. By the way, when you showed me the information, did a host die on the bed before? ] 

as soon as we talk about the data, the system suddenly reacts. The data is red and a little shy: "the host has completed the task and left the world, not that. ] 

[whatever you want, don't disturb me and let me slow down. ] 

so the system shrinks back. 

At the moment, it looked at Yin Ming Zheng, full of respect. 

He is indeed the son of luck to be able to make the host self closed like this. 

In fact, Yin Mingzheng is really a good companion, except for the first time when she was too excited to let Shiqing shut down. 

He is gentle, considerate, never willing to have physical contact with any heterosexual same sex, containing everything of Shiqing. 

Of course, in addition to powerful abilities and leadership, human heroes also have some shortcomings in life. 

Easy to be soft hearted, indecisive, too good-natured. 

For example, after the two were together smoothly, Yin Mingzheng always felt guilty about their unborn child. 

According to Shi Qing, the life span of the mechanical race is adjusted by its partner (made up by mistake). The life span of the blue star power can be as long as the mechanical race can live. 

That is to say, when the life of Yin Ming Zheng stopped, the life of Shi Qing would also end. 

This is good. After all, no matter who stayed, Yin Mingzheng would feel bad. He died, worried that no one could protect him. Shi Qing left first. He could not hold on for a day, and he would follow him. 

But at the thought that he and Shi Qing's children were born on the planet alone after two hundred years, and only had no emotional machinery for company, Yin Mingzheng felt guilty and distressed. 

This is a descendant of him and Shiqing. 

Different from Shiqing, which shows that the child has a racial heritage and is protected by the humanoid machines he left behind, he runs to play games afterwards. Yin Ming Zheng is a very traditional Chinese father's mentality. 

Although he could not accompany their children, he still insisted on writing a letter a year, in which he expressed how much he expected the child, how sorry he was not with him, and what kind of life he hoped he could live. 

After that, Yin Mingzheng still insisted on recording the video. Before each recording, the man who was like a God's residence for blue star people would smile and say hello to the camera: 

"baby, I'm dad." 

Then the camera will turn to playing games, eating fruit and watching TV when Qing said, "this is your father." 

Then, he talked about what they had done recently, what they had played and what they had eaten. 

The human hero carefully recorded the video and tried to clear away when he was with him. After the baby was born, he could feel their father's love. 

This can be regarded as the insistence of Yin Ming's Zheng style. 

In 3001, the first head of state Yin Mingzheng retired. 

In 3130, Yin Mingzheng, the first head of state after the Zerg invasion, stopped breathing together with Shi Qing, a lover from the mechanical race royal family. 

According to their wills, they were cremated together. Although it was difficult to cremate them because of the mechanical heart of Shiqing, they were cremated successfully after sending leyouyuan, the most powerful fire power, alive. 

In the textbooks, there are always mechanical races yearning for peace to help at the most critical moment of Bluestar. Moreover, their royal family fell in love with the first prime minister and stayed in blue star forever. 

As for leyouyuan, the elder who had been obsessed with taking his first love away all his life, collapsed with wrinkles on his face after the cremation of his first love and enemy, and swore that Yin Mingzheng would rob others after he died, it was not written in the book. 

On the remote mechanical planet, the mother tree sensed the departure of Shiqing and soon gave birth to new life. 

The new mechanical kings lie under the tree with their eyes closed and accept the inheritance memory. 

He's a mechanical race. 

He is Wang. 

The mechanical race is a race that yearns for peace. 

The mechanical race is self bred and has no relatives. 

The first time he wakes up, he should immediately create humanoid machines. After all, the king in front of him will not leave him anything. 

The new King opened his silver eyes.Then I saw envelopes, gifts and videos piled around me. 

He stood up from the gift pile, looking around at the humanoid machines with balloons on their heads and fluorescent sticks in their hands, shaking to celebrate his birth. 

There is also a big banner, which is pulled up by two humanoid machines and is facing him, shaking as if he is afraid that he can't see it. 

It says: congratulations on your birth. Dad and daddy love you forever. 

There's even a little love in the back. 

The new king who has just received the memory of racial inheritance 

Is it the wrong way he was born? 

At the same time, Shiqing returned to mission space. 

Congratulations on the completion of the task, please choose: 1, continue the task, 2, rest. ] 

time clear: [1111] . ] 

[Ding! Please be ready to jump into the world. ] 

Shi Qing opened his eyes again and found that he was sitting in front of a make-up mirror, while a man beside him was whispering to him: "brother Shi, I have added things to jingyuanqi's meal." 

"Well." 

Shi Qing answered casually and glanced at his short-term memory. 

This body is a film emperor. Usually people look at it as gloomy. In fact, he is always envious of his younger and gifted younger generation. As long as there is such a person, he will do everything possible to suppress people. 

And Jing Yuanqi is a new artist in his impression. 

Because of her outstanding appearance and acting skills, she had a good exposure and fans when she just started. 

The original owner was always jealous of him, but because there was someone behind Jing Yuanqi who was not good at making big moves, he could only do some small movements, which was disgusting. 

This time, they happened to be in the same crew. They knew that the director's most annoying thing was the person who lost his chain when he was on the stage. He also heard that Jing Yuanqi would have a stomachache if he ate too much. However, he loved spicy food. The original owner, on the pretext of inviting guests at noon, asked his assistant to buy rice and put hot pepper juice into Jing Yuanqi's bowl. 

Devil pepper, eat a little, spicy heartbreaking. 

I can't tell from his appearance, but I can tell by tasting it. Even if Jing Yuanqi is eating something wrong, he can't settle with him. After all, this is spicy chicken, which is normal. 

It's a little action, but it's disgusting. 

The system also saw the memory, and was in a hurry: [host, hurry to stop it, otherwise Jing Yuanqi will directly soar to 100 if he eats it. ] 

when you are not in a hurry, you can take a look at his number. ] 

System: [ Jingyuanqi rejection: 100 out of 100] 

Shiqing was not unexpected. 

In the memory of the original owner, Jing Yuanqi was a descendant who didn't give him face. However, Shi Qing could see that Jing Yuanqi didn't give him face because he could see that he was suppressing himself. 

[wait and see. We'll find them in a moment. Let's go to the mall to change my taste Oh, yes, that's it. ] 

within seconds of saying this, the door of the makeup artist was pushed open. 

A young man stepped in directly. He was very good-looking, with peach blossom eyes and a high nose, but his face was cold at the moment. When he got there, he immediately threw the box lunch in front of him. 

Voice with a cold voice: "eat." 

When Qing side assistant a Leng, then is an angry, "you do what!! My brother asked you to offend you! Why eat your leftovers 

Jing Yuanqi chuckled and looked at the silence from the top of his arm and looked at his own Shiqing: "he knows it himself." 

He thought that Shi Qing would stand up and denounce his disrespect for his predecessors, or complain to the director again. 

As a result, the good-looking man sitting on the chair gave him a cold look and silently picked up the box of rice and ate it. 

One minute, two minutes, three minutes. 

Ten minutes later, he ate the lunch box very slowly. 

After eating, he also took out his handkerchief and wiped his mouth. He looked at Jing Yuanqi, whose expression gradually became a little confused. His tone was indifferent: 

"now, go out." 



Arc 2: Gloomy Film Emperor

 After Jing Yuanqi went out, Shiqing left his assistant again, leaving him alone in the dressing room. 

He began to close his eyes and carefully receive the information of the world. 

Yuan Qi, the main character in an entertainment industry, was born in a wealthy family. He just graduated from university because he had quarreled with his family. In a fit of anger, he ran away from home as a business genius and became a red student in less than half a year from a little unknown newcomer. 

Of course, it's not just on strength. He broke up with his family, but faxiao, who was the same family background before, didn't collapse. These young people are small generation at home, and they really hold less x outside. Especially in the entertainment industry, these places are worthy of saying. When Jing Yuanqi comes, they should take care of them. 

However, there is a drawback of the eldest young master's concealment of identity and less care, that is, he is easy to be regarded as the kind of person who sells his body for profit. 

In particular, this young master is quite good-looking. He has a long body, sword eyebrows and peach blossom eyes. When he looks at people, he seems to be smiling when he doesn't smile. In addition, he has a good figure. Even if he is put in the entertainment industry, he can attract people's attention. 

As a result, some people who are not used to Jing Yuanqi, including the original owner, directly regard him as cannon fodder to win a temporary scenery by beauty. 

Jing Yuanqi's original road of life should be a good one. He went to the top of the entertainment industry with a free and easy manner, and then he built his own business empire. 

However, it may be that the author portrays him so successfully that this book is independent and becomes a real world. 

Reality is often more dramatic than it is. 

In the end, Jing Yuanqi died in the hands of the biggest boss in this article. 

According to the original plot, although the most popular OSS has a strong family and has the upper hand in the entertainment industry, all kinds of conspiracies will not succeed and will be killed by Jing Yuanqi in the end. 

As a result, since becoming the world, the most powerful OSS didn't mean to wait for Jing Yuanqi to grow up, so he was killed by a quick and quick buyer. 

The protagonist dies, the world collapses and everything is over. 

The system waited patiently for Shi Qing to finish reading all the plot and opened his eyes when he saw him open his eyes. Then he opened his mouth and said, "host, your task is very simple, that is, to guard the protagonist, and to reduce the rejection rate to less than 50% within a month! ] 

after passing through the last world, it has been completely conquered by Shiqing, the big man host, waiting to win. 

Shi Qing leans on the chair with a gentle tone: "Tong Bao, guess who is the most * * OSS in the world? ] 

suddenly there is a system of foreboding: [ I can't guess. ] 

[it's me. ] 

System: [ ] 

[surprise, surprise, surprise. ] 

while searching for the memory in his brain, Shi Qing said: "at one time or another, I didn't have time to do anything. This time, it has evolved. Before we came here, the body had already done all the work that should be done. ] 

[let me see the latest one. Ah, in addition to the devil pepper, the first one is to know that Jing Yuanqi is going to audition for this big ip show, and who plays the hot play. After that, he makes a stumbling block behind his back and wants to remove people with his relationship. ] 

System: [ ] 

he was silent for a long time before he was careful I don't know, do you? ] 

Shi Qing mercilessly pierces the last hope of the system: [he knows, otherwise, where do you think the exclusion degree of 100 comes from. ] 

System: [woo ] 

[why don't we withdraw the host? Anyway, the last world has earned points, and it's a big deal that we don't want this world's points. ] 

[why withdraw. ] 

Shi Qing looks at himself in the mirror and squints slightly: 

the more difficult, isn't it more interesting? ] 

[but before that, you should replace taste with hyperalgesia and give me a diamond stomach. ] 

as soon as the system heard that it wanted to stay, it was happy again and began to exchange it happily: [host, the pain nerve is free, so you can exchange it with vamp. ] 

[replace. ] 

after putting on the hemp slip, the system can't understand what the host is doing, and asks curiously: "I know, but is pain nerve helpful to this task? ] 

[because I forgot that the hot taste is from pain, and now it's going to be hot to death. ] 

listen to the system in which he finished the sentence in a flat tone: [... " ] 

this host is really cruel. 

Shiqing stood up, adjusted his clothes and looked at himself in the mirror. 

In fact, this face looks really good. Although it is nearly three years old, due to proper maintenance, the skin color is white, and the eyebrows are clear. Although there is no makeup, the lips naturally show delicate petal color. 

He is an outstanding beautiful man. 

It's just because the original owner is usually very gloomy, and always disdains to get along with people of low status. He has a cold face every day. Even if he has a very beautiful face, he can be reduced to seven points. 

As a result, there are not many beauties in the outside world. Most of them are empathizing with the roles he has played.Before the Qing Dynasty, I had a rough memory. 

The original owner's family background is better than that of a man. However, his mother died early, and his father's stepmother brought a son into the house. Although the son is not related to his father by blood, his mouth is sweet and he can talk. He is very affectionate to him. 

Therefore, the original owner was jealous of this stepbrother. He was rebellious and sued his father. How could he bear the scolding and run away from home in anger? This is similar to Jing Yuanqi. 

But he was luckier than Jing Yuanqi. His father was not really angry with his son. Although the original owner left home and came to the entertainment industry, he always used his personal connections to protect his son and become the film emperor. 

However, because of this stepbrother, the original master was more and more gloomy and could not see people's cheerful. After all, his stepbrother looked very cheerful every day. With one mouth, the living could be said to be dead, and the dead to be alive. 

In addition, he also rejected anyone who was better than himself, but anyone who found that he was a little bit better than himself would be suppressed by all means. 

Jing Yuanqi has always been used to publicity. He has amazing talent. He is the kind of person that the original owner hates most. So when he finds out that "there is something as annoying as his younger brother", he decides to do it. 

After that, the more he tried, the more he hated the man. The more he hated it, the more he took the move. At the end of the day, he could hardly wait for Jing Yuanqi to die suddenly. 

It's strange that the other party's revenge is better than his own. 

He was raised and treated well since childhood. What do you want? Is it strange to step on an ant that is not pleasing to the eye? 

Jing Yuanqi is the biggest ant he wants to trample to death. 

When Shi Qing opened the door of the dressing room and went out, the assistant was waiting outside. As soon as he came out, he rushed to meet him: "brother Shi, you have finished filming today. Do you want to go back to the hotel?" 

In memory, this assistant was just replaced. Before several years, he was dismissed by the original owner, because none of his assistants had been able to do more than a month, so he was released from the circle. 

It means that people are tight with their subordinates. If they are loose, they will fall down in less than a month. 

"Don't go back to the hotel. Wait here." 

"What's your name?" he glanced at the young assistant 

The assistant wanted to serve for three days. You can think of asking me what my name was, but he put on a look of "I don't know the name of my assistant for three days. It's very normal" and replied, "my name is Gao Zhi. You can call me Xiao Gao, brother Shi." 

; "well." 

Shi Qing answered with a nasal tone. 

High quality stealthily took a look at the lazy look of the man in front of him, and felt that the rumors in the circle did not deceive him. 

This ancestor is really difficult to serve and communicate with. 

Although I've been here for three days, I've been arranged to run errands for the first two days, and I haven't had much contact with Shi Qing. Today, I finally had a face-to-face communication with him. As soon as I met, I was assigned the task of putting the purified devil's pepper juice in the fresh meat rice with the same crew. 

At the beginning, Gao Zhi still felt that he had been framed by his peers. He did not just stand up and said that we should not do this. Instead, he went to buy the devil's pepper juice and put the obedient one into Jing Yuanqi's rice. 

At the beginning of his career, his predecessors said that there were a lot of dirty things in this circle. If you want to work in a safe and orderly way, as long as it's not the kind of petty crime that is going to be put into prison, you should do what you want to do. 

After all, there is no job, in this soaring price city, high quality can only drink from the north and West. 

He was also in the heart for Jing Yuanqi Ju a sympathetic tears, but did not expect a series of things beyond his expectations. 

First of all, Jing Yuanqi, the little fresh meat that shouldn't have had a strong front. 

Then it is suspected that the whole scene yuan Qi when Qing actually ate the bowl of rice with devil pepper juice. 

That's devil pepper juice! 

Before buying high-quality products, I searched some treasure specially and commented a lot, such as sausage mouth, flower pain, hot and heartbreaking. It was very frightening. 

That bottle of devil's pepper juice was added by his own hands, and he promised that one bite would make people doubt life. 

As a result, Shiqing ate up without changing her face 

High quality is another peek, very worried about his new boss's stomach is not good. 

However, the time is very good. 

When Jing Yuanqi saw Shiqing again, the film emperor was sitting on his chair, leaning slightly against him in a lazy posture, with a faint expression and unable to see anything. He was talking to the high-quality people beside him. 

Shi Qing is slender and leans lazily on the chair, which is good for the eyes. Exposed to the sun, the skin color is almost glossy. No matter which part is carefully fabricated, more is fat, and less is thin. Together, it is perfect. 

Unfortunately, the more comfortable he looks, the more repulsive Jing Yuanqi is.Such appearance and temperament, but a rely on the identity of the younger generation of people. 

It's uncomfortable to think about it. 

It may also be because it makes people feel spacious and good-looking. Jing Yuanqi is rarely curious about what Shi Qing is saying to his assistant. He has always been an unscrupulous character. He wants to know what Shi Qing says and does not think about anything else. He moves quietly. 

When he vomited out after eating a mouthful of rice before, he didn't even have to guess who did it. This undisguised primary school level entrapment was only when he was inexplicably targeted at him. 

Jing Yuanqi was really laughed at that time. 

This time, where does the film emperor come from? He didn't hide it at all. 

Does he really think that he can always rest assured by his family background and position in the circle, and that he can do whatever he wants. 

He's not used to this man's stink. 

As a result, he stormed to the door, but without hesitation, Shiqing finished the bowl of Jing Yuanqi's rice that he could not eat. 

Jing Yuanqi, who had made up his mind to teach Shi Qing a lesson, felt as if he had made a fist and hit him in the air. 

He really wanted to know whether Shiqing was trying hard or not. 

Like a leopard in hunting, the young man tightened his muscles and walked quietly behind him. 

The film emperor is talking to Gao Zhi, his voice is cold and his tone is flat: "the chili juice tastes good. Order another box." 

High quality: 

With his head full of hot heartbroken, strong rely on his love of wages should be: "good brother." 

Shi Qing: "tell the steward that I have invited dinner, and you can pay for it." 

With the idea of "thinking about the boss, thinking about the boss" and so on, he asked carefully: "brother Shi, do you want to add the chili juice to Jingge's rice?" 

Jing Yuanqi also wanted to know. 

His position is behind the time and Qing Dynasty. From this angle, the youth can peep at the man who is totally unconscious of his existence. 

With his lazy back resting on the chair, his posture was completely relaxed. Jing Yuanqi could see his small white earlobe and his slender neck under the soft broken hair of his back brain. 

Look, it's pretty good. 

And at this time, it's time to speak. 

Jing Yuanqi found that Shiqing's voice was very characteristic, clear and cold, such as jade beads, which were cold and transparent. People felt that he was a person who did not want others to be close to him. 

His voice was cold, and he sounded unhappy. 

"He doesn't like it. What else do you put in it?" 

After saying this, Jing Yuanqi was happy again. 

The content of this speech also seems to be unhappy. 

After hearing this, Gao Zhi is completely speechless. After a long silence, he carefully reminds his boss: 

"brother Shi, most people don't like the purified juice of devil's pepper Is that right? " 

Jing Yuanqi hid in the back of Shiqing and looked down at his delicate lips like flowers on the other side. 

Obviously, his face was expressionless, but he felt a shallow feeling of depression from the time. 

The tone of the movie emperor was lower than before, as if he murmured to himself: 

"I like it." 

Ding! Jing Yuanqi's rejection was 99 out of 100. ] 





 Jing Yuanqi didn't hide for long. 

After Shi Qing finished this sentence, Gao Zhi turns around and discovers his existence. 

The assistant, who had just worked for three days, swallowed his mouth and said, "brother Jing?" 

Jing Yuanqi glanced at him. His high-quality subconsciously shrank his neck. He was too stiff to move. 

He was strange and at a loss. Jing Yuanqi was usually open and cheerful. He was supposed to get along well. How could he look so frightening. 

Jing Yuanqi has always paid no attention to those who can't arouse his interest. He has no opinions on how to think about high quality. He is only a bit upset that he can't say clearly. 

For example, it's like a leopard coming down from the tree without a sound. Step by step, the leopard is ambushing its prey and enjoying the pleasure of predatory. Suddenly, a black crow comes out and cries. 

The prey found him, and his interest in ambush was gone. 

I'm not happy anyway. 

This is not happy when you see clear stand up, with a familiar indifference towards their own more. 

Yuan Qi sees too much of this kind of divine scene. Since he first saw Shiqing, Shiqing has always been like this. He can't look gloomy. 

When the film Emperor didn't talk much, which was known to the whole drama group. But every time Jing Yuanqi felt that he didn't talk much. His expression was full of "what qualifications do you ants have to listen to me". 

Jing Yuanqi is good at seeing through a person. 

And he used to see when clear, that is the whole body does not have a merit. 

The so-called pillar of the entertainment industry, the movie emperor with countless fans, is a person full of regrets. 

Arrogant, gloomy, and always against him for no reason. 

Before he wanted to audition for this crew, he was just bored to try it, but when he learned that Shi Qing was actually making a stumbling block behind his back, Jing Yuanqi still wanted to get the role. 

When Qing Qing doesn't let him get the role, he will take the relationship to get the role. 

In any case, he is born to be a villain. The more people want to stop him, the more he wants to do it. What's more, Shiqing, the film emperor he doesn't like. 

Now when he saw Shiqing looking at himself with that kind of disgusting look that he was familiar with, Jing Yuanqi's antipathy came out again. 

"Teacher Shiqing likes to eat devil pepper?" 

The indifferent man in front of him heard this, and his face moved slightly. Jing Yuanqi could see that his eyebrows were slightly wrinkled and had a small arc, but he could still see it when he looked carefully. 

Observing and observing, he found that Shi Qing's eyebrows are crescent eyebrows. He remembers reading an analysis of eyebrows by accident. 

It said that the life with crescent eyebrows is gentle, kind and approachable. 

But when you look at Shi Qing's eyebrows, you can see that they are all lies. 

If the movie emperor is approachable, it will rain on that day. 

Did not see him this good voice asked so a sentence, when Qing but Leng is only gloomy staring at him, delicate lips even open to answer a word meaning all have no? 

Maybe it was because he overheard that sentence before. Jing Yuanqi just saw the dodge from the silent face of the film emperor. 

It's the kind of subconscious evasion, which is similar to talking about a person secretly behind his back, and the result is that he doesn't know where he comes from. 

Jing Yuanqi felt more and more interesting. 

When Qing ignored him, he became more and more energetic. 

Young people also smile skillfully, raised a cheerful smile, "although I can't eat too spicy, but I know a brother has a devil pepper base, are the hottest and best devil pepper, do not ripen, do not play medicine, Shiqing teacher like, I bring you a bottle to taste how?" 

In Jing Yuanqi's eyes, Shi Qing raised his eyes a little with interest when he heard this, but the bright light in his eyes dropped his eyes deliberately to avoid the sight he had seen, and coldly replied with a word: 

"well." 

The film emperor's temperament is rather gloomy. When he looks down at people without expression, he looks as if he is a little contemptuous. 

If before, Jing Yuanqi would have been unhappy to see him like this, but now, it may be because of psychological factors. When he looks at it again, he can see that he is a little flustered and avoiding himself. 

The crew's life is too boring, found that Shiqing may not be like what they think, the youth suddenly came to interest. 

With a bad smile at the bottom of his heart, he deliberately misinterpreted Shiqing's meaning: 

"is Shi Qing's teacher's attitude so cold that he despises me?" 

In front of him, the shadow emperor's body was almost imperceptibly stiff, and his slender fingers on the side of his legs curled up slightly. 

Jing Yuanqi can feel that he is not good because of this sentence. 

But in the end, he only watched Shiqing wriggle his beautiful lips, as if it was a difficult thing to explain, and closed his mouth again.After almost two seconds, the good-looking man with gloomy temperament just raised his head. He wrung his eyebrows and coldly dropped a sentence: "whatever you want." 

It looks like a cold turn straight away. 

High quality took a second to reflect that his boss actually left and spent another second thinking whether he should take the place of the boss and apologize to Jing Yuanqi. 

Although I had a bad time in the dressing room before, it's not good to make a scene in front of others because it's the crew and the public. 

So he said quickly: "I'm really sorry, Mr. Jing. When he was in poor health, maybe he had a relapse and was not very comfortable. We'll leave first. You don't mind. I'm sorry." 

With that, he turned around and ran to the back of Shiqing. 

Jing Yuanqi didn't mind at all. 

Relapse? 

He looked at how he could not wait to escape. 

This kind of person Jing Yuanqi has seen quite a lot, belonging to the kind of person who is not good at explaining. People misunderstood him. Because he didn't know how to explain, he simply sat down on the misunderstanding and put on the posture of casually saying what the other party said. 

In the eyes of Jing Yuanqi, when Shi Qing left just now, he ran away. 

He found it very interesting. 

Shiqing has always had a reputation for playing big names in the outside world. Can't it be that this personality leads to these reputations? 

Think about it, everyone thought that Shiqing was a hard shell, and they all avoided him, saying that he was cold and cold, gloomy and terrible. 

But in fact, only I know that there is soft and glutinous meat under the shell. If you poke it, you will run away in fear. If you see through, you will carefully hold the shell in front of you and try to stick thorns on your body to scare away the other party. 

Jing Yuanqi is more interested in him. Such a contradictory character should be hiding and not causing trouble at all. 

But he clearly received the news, when Qing found a relationship, to brush his Jing Yuanqi from the audition that had passed. 

Ask directly, Shi Qing certainly won't say. 

But it doesn't matter. Every day in the same crew and the same hotel, you can always find out why. 

Although he left in a hurry at noon, Shi Qing quietly returned to the crew in the middle of the afternoon. As usual, he sat on his chair and looked at the people who were filming. 

It was Jing Yuanqi who took part in the afternoon. 

This young master is really gifted. Everyone outside the theater can see the publicity and wantonness in his eyebrows and eyes. However, as soon as the shooting starts, he becomes the miserable villain in in the play. His words are full of evil and gloomy. 

In the eyes of the rest of the crew, the film emperor is sitting on the chair in silence, looking coldly at Jing Yuanqi, who is acting. 

Look at the long legs. ] 

[tut Tut, this figure. ] He lowered his voice and said it was really evil. Tut, I can hear him go tomorrow morning. ] 

System: [host, someone is coming. ] 

as soon as it was reminded, the tone of yin and Yang strange Qi appeared behind Shi Qing, "brother Shi looked very seriously, Xiao Jing was a good performer, but he didn't know what he felt in his heart when the waves behind the Yangtze River pushed the waves ahead." 

There was no movement at all, or lazily kept the original things. 

It was not until the person who said this wandered to him that he found out the memory and matched up with the person in front of him. 

Zhu Anhe, an artist who joined the company in the same batch as the original owner. 

For the original owner, who is very jealous, there is only one reason why zhu'an River can be well left until now. 

The Juan River is too waste. 

Looks very good, but unfortunately in the entertainment industry is not lack of good people, general character, luck, acting skills is also particularly poor. 

Such a person who can't compare with himself in every aspect, he is too lazy to step on. 

If according to the original plot, Zhu Anhe had an old man's chairman in this period of time, and he was promoted to this group from the bottom all the time. 

It's just that the poor get rich at first, while the villains are successful, and because they have never mixed up with their original owners before, many insiders of zhu'an River don't know. 

So he thought that he could despise Zhu Anhe, who was the chairman of an entertainment company, and offended the original owner of the backstage one after another, and Jing Yuanqi, who was the backstage. 

The original owner made a direct move and put him in a bad name. After half dead, he put the blame on Jing Yuanqi. 

At the end of the game, the fate of zhu'an river is no longer in charge. 

It's not going to be better anyway. 

Zhu Anhe is interpreting how he stinks: "it's said that Xiaojing joined in with a few rich second generation before he joined the group. Do you know when he is?" 

Shiqing was silent, and his sight was always on Jing Yuanqi in the distance. 

He just finished the scene and was coming down from via. When he landed, he took off his old coat and walked this way. 

"But you don't know it's normal. After all, it's not the time for you to reach the peak. It's understandable that you haven't received two plays this year, brother Shi? It's a drama that I got from my contacts. Ah, it's really time-honored. You used to be so beautiful, but now I can't even compare with my little transparency. ""Speaking of it, I'm really not free for a day. I've got a full schedule. Several major troupes are competing for me. After shooting this group's play, I have to go to the next door. I really envy you for being so free." 

Shiqing blinked his eyes slowly at a very slow speed in silence. His expression was indifferent and there was no fluctuation at all. 

However, Jing Yuanqi heard this sentence as soon as he came here, and he was immediately happy. The days of the crew were so boring that he was worried that he had nothing to do. It was so much fun. 

Young people a pair of peach blossom eyes smile slightly curved, smile sunshine, said the words are not merciless: "Zhu Anhe teacher to really envy when the teacher, I also speak in a few investors there, how about I help you talk about, let you have a good rest for a few years?" 

"Yes?" 

Zhu Anhe vividly disguises what is called doing a line, disdaining a line, and his tone is sarcastic: "I'm afraid it's talking in bed, Xiaojing. The elder advised you to pay attention to your words and be careful when you export, otherwise it's not good to offend people." 

"It's a coincidence." 

Jing Yuanqi smiles wantonly: "I just want to say this with my predecessors." 

"By the way, master, we'll have a scene later. It's me who slaps you in the face. You can be careful. Don't touch my hand. In case your face is swollen, I'll feel sorry for it." 

"You 

Jing Yuanqi said something, but Zhu Anhe couldn't hear it. First, he was angry, then he laughed with anger, and said: "OK, you fan, you fan!" 

"Believe it or not, if my face is swollen today, you can get out of this circle tomorrow!" 

"Believe it, why don't you believe it? I believe it if you want to slap yourself and put it on me for greater effect in front of your old man's lover." 

Instead of looking at the angry zhu'an River, the young man stood by Shi Qing and said, "teacher Shi, did you say you like dogs before? You say you're going to have a dog? I'll tell you, you can't keep a small dog, especially in front of you. The smaller the dog is, the less lethal it will be. The more fierce you will be when you see a person 

This refers to mulberry cursing locust, is a fool also can understand. 

It's cruel. ] 

Shi Qing said to the system: "his mouth just stinks, people hate him a little, and his words make people want to vomit. Why should he be so cruel to him. ] 

the system was looking at the menu before. It didn't know what the host was talking about, but it quickly agreed with him: [yes, yes, it's cruel. ] 

"OK! Good!! Jing Yuanqi! You wait for me 

Zhu Anhe was still wearing ancient clothes, and he was angry to leave. Jing Yuanqi only regarded him as a teaser. Seeing him go, he didn't care. He just bent his peach blossom eyes and talked to Shiqing with a smile: 

"Mr. Shi, you have a good temper. He scolded you like this, and you are not angry at all." 

"It's not necessary. It's a waste of time." To be concise: "not all small dogs are like that." 

The topic jumps too fast, and Jing Yuanqi almost doesn't respond. When he understands, Shiqing is saying that "the smaller the small dog is, the more it will roar at people". He laughs in a low voice. 

"I'm just saying that I hate him. If the teacher likes small dogs, I'll take those words back." 

Shi Qing: "yes." 

After that, his sight drifted back to the crew that started shooting again, and he didn't want to communicate with Jing Yuanqi again. 

In fact, Jing Yuanqi is just too busy. As soon as he thinks that there is soft and tender meat under the tough shell of the movie emperor in front of him, he wants to lift the hard shell to poke the tender meat. 

However, he still understood the truth that everything should not be done in a hurry. When he saw this, he shrugged his shoulders and his face was still sunny with a smile: "at that time, teacher, I won't disturb you. You can continue." 

"Well." 

Jing Yuanqi left and sat in his chair. 

The years are quiet. 

Shi Qing: [all in all, did you hear what Jing Yuanqi said just now? ] 

once again, the system draws its thoughts from the menu: [? ] He compared Zhu Anhe to a dog and said he would slap him in the face. ] 

[oh I didn't listen. ] 

[it's cruel. ] 

System: [yes! How cruel! ] 

Shi Qing: [what does a dog do wrong? It's a metaphor for such a person. ] 

System: [ ] 

after a second, it slowed down: [yes! How cruel! ] 

[and the slap on the face. His hand was so beautiful that he could use it. ] 

the system doesn't understand the relationship between good-looking hands and slapping on the face, but it still holds the idea that "what the host says must be right, if not, refer to the previous one". It really agrees: [yes! ] 

[so we have to save his hand. ] 

Shi Qing said, slowly stood up and walked along the route that zhu'an river left just now. 

After walking for about four or five minutes, he saw zhu'an River, which was hiding in the middle of two rooms and had just hung up the phone.When Qing didn't hide, he called him directly: "zhu'an river." 

After that, the slender figure of the film emperor walked straight in his direction. 

[Tong, help me check if there are various monitoring devices that can monitor here. ] 

the system quickly completed the investigation: [no host. ] 

[good. ] 

Shi Qing walks over and looks at zhu'an river with a smile. 

He didn't smile at all. With such a smile, his white face seemed to shine in the sun. 

Zhu Anhe first doubts, then jealousy, and then, proud, sneering: "how? When you know that I told Liu Dong to get rid of you, have you come to me for mercy? " 

"I tell you! You don't want to What are you doing behind me 

Shiqing stood right behind him, stretched out his right hand, and gently and skillfully fell on the lower side of zhu'an River's right cheek, not waiting for him to react. 

- bang! 

A loud slap. 

Zhu Anhe that carefully maintained white right face immediately appeared a palm print. 

He was in a daze. 

But before he reacts, Shiqing continues to maintain the original position behind him, stretching out his left hand and waving. 

- bang! 

Another loud applause. 

On the left side of zhu'an River, there is also a palm print. 

After slapping, Shiqing stepped back as if nothing happened and left here slowly. 

Zhu Anhe, who was still standing in place, was stunned for several seconds, then covered his distending and painful face and roared: "Shiqing, I'll fuck you 

He responded and immediately covered his face and ran after him. 

As a result, his legs were long. Even if he was slow and not worried, zhu'an River returned to his chair. 

"Shiqing 

Zhu'an River rushed over and raised his hand to fight. He was immediately pushed away by the high-quality staring eyes who had just bought the juice. 

"What are you doing! It's a good thing to hit people 

"I hit people? I play Me, me, you look at my face, look at my face 

Zhu Anhe was so angry that he let go of his hand, which covered his face, and let the crew members who heard the news watch his face swelling. 

"Oh! It's swollen! " 

"There are also palm prints. These five fingers can be seen clearly." 

"Miss Zhu, who's calling?" 

Zhu Anhe's tears of pain came out quickly. He carefully protected his face and looked at the man sitting on the chair angrily: 

"who else can it be! Shiqing! I don't have a grudge against you. If you don't know why, you come to beat me. You are sick 

For a moment, everyone's eyes fell on the shadow emperor on the chair. 

In full view of the public, the always reticent film emperor slightly wrung his eyebrows and looked impatient, "it's not me." 

"Ha? If you say it's not you, you're not?? I watched you fight with my own eyes!! I'll tell you, we're not finished with this. Don't you just watch me get angry? Are you jealous? I'll tell you, I have to expose myself to show your fans what kind of person you are 

Jing Yuanqi squeezed in from the crowd. As soon as he got in, he saw a cold look and a slight frown on the opposite side of zhu'an River, where he was frantically shouting. Every hair on his body was full of impatience. 

Perhaps he was annoyed by the noise, he opened his mouth, and his cold voice also took a trace of impatience: "whatever you want." 

, as like as two peas, he was just like the original yuan Kai, who wanted to get away from the scene and just let it go. 

Jing Yuanqi didn't believe that Shi Qing would beat people himself. 

How could he do it himself. 

The beaten child yelled, "look! He admitted it! The movie emperor hit me personally! When you wait, Shi Qing, I have to make a big noise about it -- "

the noisy voice of zhu'an River makes Jing Yuanqi feel upset. He wants to slap him a dozen times on his already swollen face to make him shut up. 

He quickly glanced at both sides of zhu'an River's cheeks, sneered and went straight forward: "when you said that, you slapped you two times? What's the matter with that finger print on your face 

"What fingerprints, Jing Yuanqi, don't tell me anything else. You and he are together!" 

Jing Yuanqi's face, which is always sunny and smiling, is full of ridicule at the moment. He grabs out the high-quality man who is carefully standing beside him to protect his boss. 

If the young man's thumb is on the other person's face, it should be higher than the other person's face 

"Take a look at the face of your face, the thumb directly facing inward, which can only be achieved by slapping yourself. What's higher, try it." 

"Oh, good." 

Gao Zhi gently put his right hand on his face, and his thumb turned inward.Jing Yuanqi: "see? Obviously, you slapped yourself and put blame on the teacher. Are you blind 

Zhu Anhe: "it's just 

"Me, me!! You beat me in the back, you know? " 

"Hiss." 

Jing Yuanqi hugged his arm with a sneer: "who slapped someone in the face and went around his back specially to hit him. Mr. Zhu Anhe, I know that you had a little dispute with the teacher before. I also joked that if you want to complain to the old Dong behind you, you might as well slap yourself to make him feel distressed. I really didn't think that you could move so fast." 

"But what I'm talking about is that you put the blame on me. Why? If you don't dare to blame me for fear of being exposed by me, you will find a teacher who is not good at speaking? " 

"I! You! You 

Zhu Anhe's face hurt, and he was blocked and couldn't say anything. After a long time of breathing, he choked out a sentence: "you are a group!! You've got to work together to dig me up, don't you 

When you can hear the two hands from the teacher, you should be able to make a mockery of us! Mr. Zhu Anhe, don't you think you are very low-level and boring? You are already an adult, not a primary school student. Can you be a little more normal in mind and act more reliable 

"We are all in the circle. We are not like Mr. Zhu Anhe. You talk about the parents of the East today, and the family of the west is short tomorrow. If you don't win, you will go to the gold master behind you and file a complaint. Even if you are really such a low-level person, how can you do enough evidence? What's the matter with slapping yourself? If you find someone to slap you face to face in order to frame up the teacher today, will he not be able to say it clearly? If you are such a big man, you can't even frame someone up. Don't you feel ashamed? " 

"You, you two!" 

Zhu Anhe was almost spitting blood when he was hated in public. He looked at Jing Yuanqi, and then looked at him. He was still indifferent, as if everything had nothing to do with him. How clean he had to pick, how clean he was. He shivered for a long time and couldn't speak. 

"I, you! I I'll kill you 

As soon as he was in a hurry, he would rush up and hit people. The crew quickly came up and pulled the people down. 

"Mr. Zhu, Mr. Zhu, please calm down first!" 

"Hold on!!! Let's catch Mr. Zhu quickly! " 

"Miss Zhu, would you like to have a look at your face first..." 

Seeing that zhu'an river was dragged, Jing Yuanqi showed a dull smile. 

His IQ is so low that he is a waste of saliva. 

He simply turned around and walked to the side of Shiqing, "when the teacher, did not frighten you?" 

The gloomy film emperor, as always, was covered with a big pot of beating people, but he was still calm and said little. Seeing Jing Yuan Qiyue FA, he felt that he did not know the film emperor teacher before. 

Ding! Jing Yuanqi's rejection degree: 97 out of 100] 

when he was clear, his eyes dropped slightly, and his voice was cold. He did not want to thank Jing Yuanqi for helping him out: "No 

Jing Yuan Qi Si didn't mind his cold response. Instead, she beamed at Shiqing and said, "no, it's good." 

"These days, there are more and more nervous people who speak empty words. He still thinks that we are a group. Our IQ is moving." 

After the two men, Zhu Anhe was held by people. Even if he tried hard to come over, he couldn't do it. He could only shout at the top of his voice: 

"Jing Yuanqi!! You help Shiqing slander me together, I will not let you go! " 

Occasionally mixed with the voice of other members of the crew: "Mr. Zhu, please calm down for a moment, let's take you to see a doctor first, OK?" 

"Come and hold it down. Miss Zhu, don't make any more money. If you get hurt again, walk around and go to the doctor." 

Zhu Anhe did not cooperate, and the crew couldn't help it. He simply lifted the man up and let him struggle no matter how hard he struggled. He could only roar like crazy: 

"let me go!! You are all cheated!! They're in a gang!! Let me go 

"Believe me!! Believe me!! Why don't you believe me? "

" it's time to fight me!!! It's really him 

Jing Yuanqi was noisy and looked back: 

"nowadays, it's rare for people who lie so persistently." 




 Because Zhu Anhe was already swollen before he was slapped in the face, Jing Yuanqi's play with him could not be filmed in the afternoon. 

He was also happy and relaxed. In the afternoon, he learned from Shi Qing and moved a chair to sit beside the film emperor. 

The difference is that Shi Qing is watching other people's plays, while he is always watching Shi Qing. 

Jing Yuanqi has always been good at observing other people, and he is almost unconscious and quick to analyze each other's personality. Naturally, he also analyzed the film emperor teacher who had been against him before. But after the pepper juice incident, he suddenly found that his analysis was wrong. 

This is the first time that Jing Yuanqi made an analysis error. 

He became interested in Shi Qingxing. 

Jing Yuanqi has always been a blatant person. Since he is interested, he has to study it. 

So the young man who changed his ancient clothes looked at Shiqing all afternoon. 

I've never seen a mussel leopard in the water. 

He was not hungry and was not in a hurry to eat, so he patiently swung his long tail, slowly retracted the sharp fingernails back to the meat pad, and then circled the mussel carefully, trying to wait until the mussel opened its hard shell to reveal its soft meat. 

The more he went around, the more he felt that he had been too one-sided. 

Being watched by him, the film emperor's body is always slightly tense, and his whole body is emitting the indifference of rejecting people from thousands of miles away. It seems that even a glance at others is his condescending charity. 

But the delicate lips of the other side flower color are always slightly pursed, which is only one person in a tense state will do. 

And he watched for so long, although Shiqing ignored him, just looked at the field, but seemingly lazy leaning on the body did not move. 

It is impossible for a normal person to be motionless all afternoon. If he does not move, there will be external factors. 

Jing Yuanqi even had some complacency, and attributed this external factor to himself. 

Obviously, his naked sight obviously made the movie emperor very uncomfortable. 

Just, what kind of person, can let a long time, long been used to be watched by the public pursued the film emperor uncomfortable? 

Once again think of the pepper juice before, the youth heart quietly raised an answer. 

Shi Qing was different to him. 

Because of the difference, we arranged for someone to give him chili juice. 

Because of the difference, they will not move at all under his gaze. 

And why would a person who had nothing to do before be different to another? 

This conjecture succeeded in making Jing Yuanqi's eyes obscure. 

He has always been excellent, no matter what aspect, from small to large, there are countless pursuers, both men and women, but for him, they are the same. 

After all, Jing Yuanqi didn't like any of them. 

Either their appearance is not consistent with their own mind, or their attitude is too flattery. 

All in all, he was quite resistant to intimacy with another person. 

But this does not mean that Jing Yuanqi knows nothing about these things. He is even more proficient than most people. After all, his learning ability is very strong. 

It's just that in the past, there was no practical object for what he learned when he was bored, so he couldn't test whether the taste was good or not. 

But now, Jing Yuanqi is sitting idly on the chair, a pair of peach blossom eyes with a smile, like a cheerful big boy, and his sight falls on Shiqing beside him at random. 

It's been a long time since the movie emperor kept this movement. Before Jing Yuanqi came, he stretched himself freely. But now he sits upright because of the youth. Because he has been sitting for a long time, his sweat is gradually penetrating his white shirt. 

The front is OK, but the original white cloth on the back is stained with sweat, with a trace of dark meaning, tightly fitting in the back of Shiqing. 

From Jing Yuanqi's point of view, you can clearly see the waist line looming out with the sweaty shirt, flowing gently down to the place where you can't see it any more. 

With the film emperor's breath, the wet cloth also followed a slow one and. 

Jing Yuanqi only thought of four words and felt very good. 

Why didn't you find out before. 

This high-ranking, gloomy character, let him hate the film emperor teacher, actually all over the body is so long to his heart. 

What interested him most was Shi Qing's attitude of avoiding it. 

As I said before, Jing Yuanqi likes to go against people. 

The more people like him, the more boring he feels. 

On the contrary, the more people want to avoid him, the more he will get close to him. 

He always likes to use all kinds of mental devices. This seemingly cheerful boy is actually more ruthless than anyone else. He can make use of anyone by any means with a smile. As long as the goal is achieved, who is this person? He doesn't know. 

Now, it takes a few seconds for the youth to decide one thing. 

Shi Qing is his new goal.Instead of getting up, Jing Yuanqi sat on his chair with a smile on his brow and eyes. When he reached Shiqing, he leaned slightly. 

If you look at it from the back, it's like Jing Yuanqi's head resting on his chest. 

"Teacher Shi." 

The sunshine of the youth's smile, however, has a totally different shape from the sunlight, with an indescribable magnetic charm. It seems that it will fall into the heart of a person. "I forgot to ask you before, why did you send me chili juice?" 

The movie emperor's breath seems to be choked by Jing Yuanqi's sudden leaning over. 

He was silent for several seconds. 

Jing Yuanqi is not in a hurry. He keeps his original action and looks up at him with a smile. 

Young people are very good at showing their beauty. Their eyes are typical peach blossom eyes. When they look at a person from the bottom up and smile, they can absorb a person's thoughts completely. 

It is precisely because of his action that Shiqing can look at him even if he is drooping his eyes. 

Jing Yuanqi looked at the film emperor like this for a moment, and his long eyelashes blinked several times quickly. Only then did the cold voice ring out a little faster than usual. 

"you like spicy food." 

Because he likes spicy food, so people give him the devil's pepper in his rice. 

Jing Yuanqi laughed directly. 

He didn't laugh so much, but I could see that he was very happy. 

At the beginning, he was just smiling in the sight of the film emperor. 

With a smile and a smile, it's very natural, really put his head into the arms of the film emperor. 

In other people's eyes, it was like two people had a good relationship and said something funny, so Jing Yuan Qi was lying in front of the film emperor with a smile. 

For a moment, Jing Yuanqi could clearly feel that his body, which was still soft, was suddenly tense because of his arrival. 

But what's the use? When the meat is tight, he can still feel the delicacy. 

Although it's across the clothes. 

After less than a minute, Jing Yuanqi got up. 

Then he winked at the film maker who seemed to have no expression, but her beautiful eyelashes had been blinking in a hurry. 

"The director said before that I had a play with Mr. Shi in the evening." 

The young man stretched out his hand and gently buttoned the button in front of his clavicle. 

Slender fingers can be quickly buttoned, but the bias QG general, slowly, gently, the button will be good, covering the original exposed beautiful clavicle. 

Button good, Jing Yuan Qi and close to when Qing ear, lips slightly hook up, deliberately lowered the voice, "really hope to come quickly in the evening." 

With these words, the young man got up with a sunny smile on his face. 

"I'll go to dinner first. I'll see you in the evening." 

Shi Qing looks at Jing Yuanqi in silence. 

It was not until the youth's back was no longer visible that he was so coquettish. 

System, huh? where? 

When Qing quietly bow his head, looking at the prospect of Yuan Qi lying on the ground. 

At the moment, there is already a sweat on the white shirt, the general small water stains. 

I can't help but sigh again. It's really coquettish. 

Although the system didn't see anything, seeing the host said this, it was still dutiful to comfort the host. Don't be afraid, he should not hit people. 

Yeah, but he bites. 

System, um 

It's really coquettish. 

The system is not afraid, host I can give you a golden finger 

However, before he finished speaking, Shi Qing added another sentence, but I like it. 

System??? 

System 

When Qingmei Zizi, back on a unified, you found that he wanted to bubble me. 

It shouldn't be. The system looks at the rejection rate strangely. The rejection degree is so high that he should not like the host. 

Shiqing didn't find it strange at all. 

Look at his rejection of others. 

The system came out to have a look, and then there was a long silence. 

How about Shiqing? 

System It's all 100 percent exclusive. 

But he looks very warm to others. 

It was loaded in Qing Dynasty. 

He looks as if he is more sunny and lively. In fact, he just thinks it's fun to pretend to be like this. It doesn't matter. Anyway, he has been used to it for a long time. 

After that, he went on to say that if he felt bored, he would have fun. I would be his next fun. 

The system is a little confused. 

What should we do next, host? 

Do what you have to do. 

Shiqing leaned lazily and closed his eyes slowly. 

We don't have to do anything. Just let Jing Yuanqi do it. He likes to manipulate everything, so I'll let him do it.He enjoyed it anyway. 

For fun, he really wants to see when Jing Yuanqi will find out that fun is not so easy to find. 

In the evening, the crew began to shoot the night part. 

This is an immortal chivalrous drama. It is a big production. Jing Yuanqi plays a villain who likes to be indifferent to the young woman in the early stage and blackens in the later stage. 

In this play, the villain, in order to threaten the mistress and marry him, seizes the female master and threatens him with his life. 

Shi Qing was the unfortunate master. 

Twenty minutes before shooting, he was wearing an elegant ancient costume with injured makeup on his face. He was putting a small blood bag into his mouth. When he was pinched by the villain played by Jing Yuanqi, he would have to bite through the blood bag and vomit blood. 

Jing Yuanqi, dressed in a black robe representing blackening, came over with the script. 

today's make-up is a classic black makeup of villains. His forehead is a little red, and his long eyebrow eyebrows have been thickened. 

This makeup will appear evil and cold when he starts shooting because of his cold face. But in reality, when he smiles like before, he doesn't look like a villain. Instead, he looks like a fox spirit who catches opportunities and is going to charm people. 

At the moment, the fox spirit monster is close to the time of the Qing, on the makeup appears particularly bright red lips slightly cocked up, "when the teacher, let's play?" 

When the partner asks for the play, how can he refuse to accept such a legitimate reason. 

So the film emperor teacher nodded and took the blood bag down first. According to the scene to be shot tonight, he turned his face and became angry. 

"You are just wishful thinking!! How can a demon cultivation be worthy of ru'er and use this method? If my skill was not damaged, you would have gone down to the underworld to give birth to the brute way 

It seems that Jing Yuanqi has entered the drama very quickly. 

he was cold faced and stretched out his hand. He was clear neck and neck from behind, uh, and his voice was low and indifferent. 

has the final say. 

One side looked at the scriptwriter here and looked at the script on the desk strangely, and said to the assistant on the side, "isn't it written face-to-face neck pinching? Why did jingyuanqi station go behind the teacher 

"It's OK. Anyway, it's just a pair of plays. But I think it's OK to stand at the back. They face one place, so as not to have to face each other." 

As they were talking, Shiqing suddenly felt that something was wrong. Behind him, Jing Yuanqi said his lines in a gloomy tone, while relying on the cover of his wide sleeves. His left hand slowly climbed across his clothes and climbed onto the white belt of his elegant robe. 

It's like a leopard with its sharp nails tucked into the meat mat, pulling the clam shell in front of her. 

Is seriously on the face of the suffocating pain of the film emperor suddenly stopped. 

Help them watch the high-quality "Shige? What's the matter? " 

"Yes." 

With a pair of peach blossom eyes, the movement of the right hand of the young man living in front of him seems to be unchanged. 

The thumb is taking advantage of the long wig that Qing wears to cover up and down, gently moving in the throat. 

It's too light, like a feather. 

Jing Yuanqi just stood in the same place, gently side by side with his fox like face, and turned his eyes to the film emperor, whose expression was stiff, thick and slender, and his eyelashes were fast blinking. 

With his left hand covered by long sleeves, he gently lifted up a corner of his belt and felt the more rigid and tense body of the people in front of him, while he lowered the magnetic voice. 

The tone is confused, as if the purest, but 

"good teacher, what's the matter with you?" 




 In the full view of the public, Jing Yuanqi began to flirt with him calmly. 

I have to say that his talent is really good. 

It's very difficult for a normal person to do two things at one time, but he can do three things at one time. 

Specific performance in, the face is full of innocent, said concerned words, both hands are doing their own small movements. 

It's a little too much. 

Jing Yuanqi thought that the gloomy film emperor standing in front of him would push him away, or quietly break away from his shackles. 

But although Shi Qing was stiff, he did not resist, but let him do small movements. 

Jingyuan's journey became more and more rampant. Unlike modern makeup, ancient robes can be easily opened. 

But instead of lifting it, he followed the white strap and slowly went down. 

Gently and suggestively, I made a circle. 

"Well..." 

Standing in front of the Qing slightly moved the waist, issued a short breath. 

Jing Yuanqi could clearly see a faint red on his cheek. 

High quality nervous looked over: "when elder brother?" 

From Jing Yuanqi's point of view, you can see that his dark eyes are flashing. As soon as his colorful lips open and close, he says in a deep voice: "it's OK." 

Jing Yuanqi squints quietly, with a harmless smile, and then he stops. 

He slowly released his hand and cleared his side as if nothing had happened. 

"It's almost time. I'll go to the toilet first. Do you want to come with me?" 

Shi Qing didn't respond, but kept silent and looked down at the script. 

Gao Zhi quickly gave him respect: "I'm really sorry, Mr. Jing. As soon as he finished the play, he was immersed in the role." 

"It doesn't matter." 

"I often do this, understandable." 

High quality always saw the youth walking away briskly. He came back to Shi Qing, handed the water to him and murmured in a low voice: "brother Shi, I think Mr. Jing has a good temper. He didn't say anything about his face like this. Don't you care about the past?" 

Said, he was a little strange and then muttered: "it is a little too generous to smile, looking at the spring breeze, I don't know that he and your brother when you have a good relationship." 

When Qing didn't speak, he took the water and drank it several times. 

It's really coquettish. I'm hot all over. ] 

because it does not involve some kind of picture that needs harmony, after watching the whole system, I am a little worried: "host, will you be taken advantage of. ] 

[No. ] 

when it comes to provocative things, how can we say that they take advantage of them. ] 

System: [but his degree of rejection does not drop. ] 

it is watching two people in full swing here, but the degree of exclusion does not drop! 

It's OK. ] 

Shiqing took another gulp of water and pressed down the heat and dryness of his body. He looked at the direction Jing Yuanqi was leaving: "it's going to fall soon. ] 

the shooting in the evening may be due to multiple cameras shooting from multiple angles. Jing Yuanqi's hands are very regular, and he doesn't do what he shouldn't do. 

The two played as usual, and they were at peace. 

When the shooting was over, he didn't go to his private dressing room to remove makeup. Instead, he went to the large dressing room with others and sat there waiting for people to take off their makeup. 

There are not many scenes to shoot in the evening, so although the dressing room is large, there are only a few people. 

Jing Yuanqi was there, but his make-up was no more complicated than that of Shiqing. When Shiqing's clothes were changed, he had not finished removing the makeup on his face, so he could only sit there and watch the still gloomy film emperor get up and walk in his own direction. 

Shiqing's position is close to the door. There is no way for Jing Yuanqi to go out. He does not go out after removing his makeup. Instead, he walks towards this side. Besides looking for Jing Yuanqi, what else can he do. 

The young man's lips slightly raised, a pair of peach blossom eyes with a smile on the pick, was about to open his mouth to call, came to his body when Qing, but did not look at him, and he passed. 

Immediately, the film emperor's cold voice sounded. 

He called a name, but not Jing Yuanqi: 

"Cui Yunqing." 

The smile on Jing Yuanqi's face dropped. His expression was discontented for a moment, but soon returned to normal. Naturally, he turned to look behind him, as if he had just looked at the past curiously. 

Shi Qingzheng stood in front of a young man who was only 16 or 17 years old. When he looked timid, he said in a low voice: "come to my room to play tonight." 

"Right?" 

The young man's face is more timid. He is a minor supporting role, and his part is not much. Today, he has only shot less than ten scenes since he came to the cast. 

Regardless of his status, he is only 18 this year, which is just a child for his age.When Qing Dynasty a film emperor, look for him to what play. 

He was even more frightened when he thought about the rumors in the circle that Shi Qing couldn't accommodate new people. In the middle of the night, he went to the base camp of others by himself. If something happened, he couldn't even ask for help. 

Recalling the school teacher's talk about the various circles of Yin people and being Yin, Cui Yunqing is really afraid to go. He cautiously glances at Shi Qing's cold look, "Shi teacher, will you be right in the daytime tomorrow?"? I'm a little tired today. " 

"No way." 

"I have to come tonight," he said 

If you let the brain tonic people see this, you think it is to force good for prostitution. 

At least Jing Yuanqi is good at brain tonic. 

He tasted the sweetness in Shiqing today, and he was proud of the feeling of holding a cold film emperor in his hand. 

After all, no one dares to do this to Shi Qing except him. 

And he also thought that, at least in the whole crew, he was the most special for Shi Qing. 

As a result, it was slapped in the face in less than a day. 

Shi Qing, who always puts on a "dust-free under my eyes, none of you can be taken seriously by me." he takes the initiative to invite a minor supporting role into his room at night. 

All the above are stressed. 

Even if he only regarded the film emperor teacher as a pleasure to pass the time, his heart was still filled with unhappiness. 

Maybe it's like taking a fancy to a beautiful mussel. With a feeling that this is the thing in one's bag, he drags the mussel back to his nest with his tail wagging slowly and intends to eat it slowly. 

In a twinkling of an eye, the mussel opened its legs and ran to other people's nest. 

It's weird to be cool. 

Jing Yuanqi has always been a wanton character. He will not let others feel good when he is not happy. He is not comfortable in his heart. He directly gets up and strides two long legs. Shi Shilan comes to the two people who are talking. 

"When the teacher, Yunqing is still a child. He has to go to bed early. If he doesn't want to go, just forget it." 

With that, the young man naturally put his hand on Shi Qing's shoulder, and looked like two brothers: "we have a part in tomorrow, how about I accompany you to the play?" 

"No more." 

The film emperor frowned, and the lines on his face seemed to be hardened by Jing Yuanqi's actions: "you're very good. You don't need to play with me." 

"But I think I still have a lot of room for improvement." When Jing Yuanqi wanted to achieve a goal, he was still very cheeky. 

"When teacher, you are the film emperor. I must pay attention to the play with you. I'll go to your room tonight, and we'll have a good look at the play tomorrow." 

When it comes to the word "Xi", Jing Yuanqi seems to have no intention to put his hand on Shiqing's shoulder and begins to rub his back. 

His fingers are very long, so he can easily reach the shoulder blade and lift it once and for all. 

Shiqing felt as if he had been electrified. He was shocked and threw Jing Yuanqi's hand on his side. 

Jing Yuanqi, who was still smiling, was depressed by his actions. 

After a second, the young man reluctantly pulled the corners of his mouth and showed a cheerful smile that was exactly the same as before: 

"before, when I was on the set, the teacher still asked me to hold it. How come now, in front of Yun Qing, the teacher is not even willing to let me set up my back." 

With that, he looked at Cui Yunqing, who was scared to the side, and said in an unidentified way: "it seems that when the teacher really likes Yunqing, he cares about the image so much in front of him." 

Cui Yunqing didn't see what Jing Yuanqi's hands had done. He thought that he was helping himself round the field. Seeing the stalemate, he quickly laughed and said, "I'm sorry, Mr. Shi. I'm really tired today, and I'm going to let you down." 

He said it, and Shiqing didn't insist on it. 

"Good." 

The film emperor responded coldly, turned around and left. The light from the back, as always, looked at the gloomy. 

"Brother Jing." 

Seeing that he was gone, Cui Yunqing felt a little loose and went to Jing Yuanqi to say thanks: "thank you so much just now." 

Jing Yuanqi takes back the sight of Shiqing's back. He looks back at his beautiful face. Because he was frightened before, his expression is still a little rusty. Cui Yunqing, like a little white rabbit, is even more upset. 

Even when facing him, Shi Qing always said "um", how could Cui Yunqing become "good" here. 

He likes it? 

He's too weak to talk. 

On the surface, Jing Yuanqi took back the indifference and disdain at the tip of his eyebrows, and naturally showed a smile: "nothing, but I haven't heard about the friendship between the outdated teacher and you before. Why did he suddenly want to play with you just now?" 

"Yes, I'm surprised, too." Cui Yunqing is really a fool. When asked by Jing Yuanqi, he said everything. 

"But when I was auditioning, I was almost knocked off. My teacher inquired about it and found out that it was the teacher who did it. So I guess it's not good for him to come to me.""He's got a relationship to keep you out of the crew?" 

Cui Yunqing was shocked by Jing Yuanqi's cold voice. "Yes, yes, brother Jing, what's the matter?" 

"It's OK." 

Jing Yuanqi smiles at him, but he is upset. 

He thought he was special before. 

Now, Cui Yunqing is the same as him. 

The young man pressed down the more and more intense displeasure at the bottom of his heart, but his voice was still a little cold: "did he send you pepper to eat?" 

"Pepper?" 

Cui Yunqing shook his head blankly: "no, what pepper?" 

I don't know if it's his illusion. Cui Yunqing always feels that after he denies pepper, the whole body atmosphere of the youth in front of him is eased down. 

From that kind of a bit cold feeling, suddenly changed back to the sun that he was familiar with. 

Knowing that Cui Yunqing is still not as special as his own, Jing Yuanqi has recovered to the strange look with smile in his eyes before: 

"nothing, go on, he pulled off your audition, and then?" 

"Then, my teacher helped me find a relationship and let me in. My assistant sister, who took care of me, told me quietly that this was the way the teacher was. It was not the first time that the younger generation had taken the chance to audition. She also told me that she let me join the production team and avoid the teacher's leaving." 

Silly white sweet finished, there is still residual timidity in the bottom of his eyes. Obviously, he regarded Jing Yuanqi, who had just been rescued from the "terrible film emperor", as a life-saving straw. 

"Brother Jing, what should I do? In case the teacher still asks me, what reason should I refuse him?" 

Jing Yuanqi comforted the silly white sweet again. 

Sure that he couldn't find any other information about Shi Qing, he suddenly remembered that he hadn't finished removing his makeup, so he went back to take off his makeup. 

Just the bottom of my heart, but also cloud around a mystery. 

It is reasonable to say that Shiqing is a great film emperor with stable status and background. Neither he nor Cui Yunqing will threaten his position. 

Why does he want to knock them off the cast? 

If this kind of thing is exploded, even the film emperor of Shiqing will have a bad reputation. He doesn't look like a fool. He shouldn't do such a stupid thing. 

In the past, Jing Yuanqi would have thought that Shiqing was narrow-minded and envious of others. 

But after the change, he was very sure that he was not such a person. 

A person who will be silly and give his favorite devil pepper juice to others, with black eyes and clear coagulation, can't do such a thing. 

What the hell is that about? 

Jing Yuanqi found that he was more interested in the Qing Dynasty. 

[look, his jealousy is too strong. In his memory, at least, he used the same method to cut off at least 20 people's rising opportunities. ] 

[Cui Yunqing is lucky, and a good teacher is willing to help him bring his role back. ] 

the system doesn't understand: [isn't he very disgusted with the host? Why should we take the initiative to find him? ] 

[because he is the same as Jing Yuanqi. ] 

Shiqing was comfortable on the sofa and poured himself a glass of red wine. 

Although the crew is quite generous, they have arranged single rooms, but Shiqing's room is a luxurious suite ordered by himself with his own pocket, and the sofa is particularly comfortable. 

[he was targeted just like Jing Yuanqi, and even though he was targeted, he still joined the crew. ] 

[kill the chicken and show it to the monkey. ] 

Shiqing took a sip of red wine, turned on his mobile phone and looked at the pictures of the dinner party in the group above. 

[in the original plot, Cui Yunqing was not shot when she was 20 and was in the middle of a fire? ] 

he knocked on the photo on his mobile phone: [it was the assistant director who was drunk and touched Cui Yunqing's room with the strength of the wine. He was an adult man. Cui Yunqing was essentially a child. He didn't escape and was drugged. Finally, he was forced to dive. The indecent photos were taken at that time. ] 

when he was born, he followed Shi Qing to do the task. In essence, he was a pure child's system, and angrily scolded him: "how good is this assistant director! Host, are you going to help him? ] 

[help, of course. ] 

Shiqing lazily sank his body into the soft sofa wantonly. ] 

in the early hours of the morning, the crew members who went out to drink came back. 

The system gives prompt immediately. 

When Qing got up, before going out, he suddenly thought of something and stopped. 

The system is unknown, so: [host, won't you go? ] 

[wait a minute. ] 

Shiqing opened the mobile phone, confirmed that the location information was open, then put the mobile phone back into the pocket, opened the door and walked out. 

Next door in the next room, the little red dot on Jing Yuanqi's computer made a beep immediately.The young man who had just washed his hair came out, listened to the alarm and hissed. He watched the little red dot move to the far right and began to go down. Then he closed the computer, opened the door of the room and walked out. 

When we got to the elevator, we could see that the elevator was running down and finally stopped on the 18th floor. 

When a young man brushes his hair, his face becomes more unhappy. 

The 18th floor is where Cui Yunqing is. 

He is in a good mood now. 

This clam is really running into other people's nest. 

Jing Yuanqi did not hesitate at all. He stretched out his slender hand and pressed the button. 

No, it's the mussel that ran away. 

He'll just get it back. 

Anyway, Cui Yunqing's silly white sweet can win him? 

When I got off the elevator, I didn't go forward immediately. Instead, I looked back at the floor display on the elevator. Until I saw another elevator stop on the 30th floor where they were, I picked my eyebrows and went forward. 

[yes. ] 

he went straight to room 1805 and knocked on the door. 

Cui Yunqing, who was playing a happy game, opened the door without any vigilance. As soon as he opened the door, he saw Shi Qing standing at the door of his room and was immediately silly: "Shi, Shi teacher..." 

"Well." 

When Qing's face was cold, but his body was very natural, as if he had been invited, he walked in sideways as if nothing had happened. 

Until he naturally sat on the small sofa and put the script in his hand on the table, Cui Yunqing fully reflected. 

Previously, when Qing, who had been against him, came to his room in the middle of the night! 

Think about it before he said he was too tired to go to bed early, and then looked down at his hands and said, "hold on, we can win!" Mobile phone with game sound 

Cui Yunqing flustered on the game to back out. 

"At that time, teacher, I just had a sleep, wake up to see that it was ok, just play the game." 

"Well." 

When Qing opened the script: "nothing to the lines." 

Cui Yunqing then dared to sit down. 

Before he could hold out a few words to ease the inexplicable embarrassment, there was a sudden sound from the door. 

It's not a knock, it's like a door lock opening. 

Cui Yunqing got up to have a look. 

When the door handle turned, Jing Yuanqi pushed the door and came in. 

Come in and see Cui Yunqing looking at himself stupidly, the youth sunshine smile, very natural stretch out a hand to say hello: "little Cui, I come to see you, you sleep well?" 

Cui Yunqing said in a daze: "it's ok "Yes 

"That, brother Jing, you have..." 

"Oh, you say that?" Jing Yuanqi calmly put the wire in his pocket. "It's OK. I'm afraid that knocking on the door will affect your sleep. I'll open the door myself." 

Cui Yunqing: 

Jing Yuanqi did not spend too much energy on him. Instead, he passed Cui Yuanqing and sat down beside him. 

"When the teacher is there, is this the right script? It's a coincidence that I'm here, too. Why don't you join us 

When Qing twisted his eyebrows, "did you bring the script?" 

"Yes, I have." 

Jing Yuanqi really took out a script from his pocket that he didn't know how many layers it had folded and left it on the table. 

"Come on, we are right." 

The film emperor frowned, white face, delicate lips slightly pursed, as if he could not understand Jing Yuanqi's move, but he did not say anything, just looked at Cui Yunqing, clear and cold voice, light: 

"come to the lines." 

Jing Yuanqi just like just found Cui Yunqing still standing, smiling and waving to him: "Xiao Cui, why are you still standing there? Come here and talk to me. Don't be restrained, just think it's your own home." 

Cui Yunqing: 

But this is his room 

He walked past with a confused face, and then found that the sofa was too small for him to sit on. 

Jing Yuanqi was not conscious of the guests at all. On the contrary, he put forward suggestions enthusiastically: "ah, I can't sit down. Otherwise, Xiao Cui, I'll talk to Mr. Shi, and you'll do your best." 

Cui Yunqing's face was blank again. 

So now, the situation is that two of his predecessors came to his room to talk to each other at night, and then let him play with himself?? 

The teacher did not teach him how to deal with this situation. 

Finally, or when the Qing solution to stand up, "to the bed, the position is big." 

Jing Yuanqi immediately followed to stand up, meaning unknown smile: "when the teacher said right, the bed space is big, how toss all right." 

A good word, because of the twists and turns of his tone, listen to the same as the tune of Qing. 

He followed Shi Qing, who was the first to walk inside. He then turned his head and waved his hand to Cui Yunqing, who was full of confusion. He meant to ask him not to come here.The layout of Cui Yunqing's single room is a small living room outside. There is a partition in the middle of the small room. You can't see what happened on the bed in the small living room. 

Less than a second after Shi Qing and Jing Yuanqi entered, Cui Yunqing outside heard a puff, as if someone was lying in bed. 

Cui Yunqing didn't know what the situation was now. For a moment, he was really obedient and stopped walking. 

On the inside, the young man's hands strongly supported on both sides of Shiqing's body, trapping him in a soft bed with two faces facing each other. 

This almost zero distance, a moment to let this small space rise from the ambiguous heat. 

"Teacher Shi..." 

Jing Yuanqi slightly bowed his head, so that the distance between himself and Shiqing was close, as if the breath were blending. 

He lowered his voice slightly, and deliberately dragged the long ending. A pair of peach blossom eyes enchanted him with a smile, and said in a soft voice: 

"if you are interested in me, just say it directly. Why say such suggestive words in bed." 

Said, the youth slowly raises the right leg, with knee coquetry the same, once rubbed against time Qing. 

"I can be anywhere you want." 

Shi Qing: [ ] 

he is really being teased. 

And it started to boil. 

[seriously, if it wasn't hard to break the equipment, I would have put the little wave on the bed now. He called Dad. ] 

System: [harmony, host, pay attention to harmony. ] 

in the end, Shi Qing was still indifferent on the face and pushed people away with regret. 

Jing Yuanqi raised his eyebrows and let his body be pushed aside. 

Only the knee, still in the original place to test the general up and down. 

Goblin like, with his right hand to support the head, raised eyebrows and eyes with a smile to see when Qing: "what to do so heartless." 

"You are different to me, I know." 

The teased face is expressionless: sun, how about a hundred times? ] 

[calm down!! Host calm down!!! ] 

just as Jing Yuanqi was trying to send out Sao and Qi, there was a knock on the door again. 

Cui Yunqing, who had been caught up in a succession of visitors tonight, didn't think much about it and went straight to open the door. 

"Horse guide?" 

He was a little surprised to see the bald, big belly, middle-aged, fat director outside. 

What kind of luck is he? One night, the film emperor, the popular young students and even the director came to him. 

"Xiao Cui, isn't there your play tomorrow? It's a change in the scene. I'll show it to you. " 

Fat director smile ha ha with a body of wine gas walked in, but also turn around to close the door. 

The deputy director's surname is ma. Although he has been married and has children, he is not old. He has always relied on the hidden rules of his identity. 

He is really after Cui Yunqing, but has not dared to start. 

After all, although Cui Yunqing is young and doesn't understand anything and looks silly, his teacher has some connections in the circle. If he can't handle it well, deputy director Ma may not have eaten fish, and he's also very funny. 

But after drinking wine today, his little heart, which was a little dirty and dirty, couldn't help being agitated. 

Think again yesterday asked a friend to take medicine has been put on the body, deputy director Ma this small heart liver restless faster. 

Anyway, this is a boy. Even if he does something, Cui Yunqing is not willing to take some photos and threaten him. 

Did not see a lot of artists were forced to dive, can only drop teeth, blood into the stomach swallow? 

It's because they are stars. Do they want face? 

If the photos go out, the artist's life will be over. 

The more he thought about it, the more feasible he felt. In addition, the strength of wine and the medicine in his pocket gave him great courage. When he got on the elevator, he said goodbye to others, instead of going to his own floor, he pressed Cui Yunqing's floor. 

After coming in so smoothly, because of the partition, deputy director Ma didn't expect that there were others in Cui Yunqing's house in the middle of the night. When the door was locked, he was relieved and turned to touch the young man's hand. 

Cui Yunqing: "it's only me that has changed, or has it been changed by the teacher. If it's the teacher, he..." 

He was just about to say that when the teacher was in his room, he might as well have a look at the new script. Assistant director Ma took his hand and interrupted the rest. 

"Xiao Cui, you are a good child, and your acting skills are also good. If you can have a good resource, you will become a big success or something in the future. It will be a small matter." 

Cui Yunqing didn't feel anything when he was touched. After all, he was a man. Even if he knew the hidden rules, he subconsciously felt that the hidden rules were both men and women. 

As a result, when deputy director Ma said that he would push him to the sofa, and his hands were not honest, he would react. 

"Mr. Ma, what are you doing!" 

He got up with goose bumps all over his body. He threw off the assistant director's hand and was about to escape. As a result, he was held up and thrown on the small sofa."Xiao Cui, I really like you. If you can join the production team, that's what I said. You're good, you're obedient, and I'll give you good in the future..." 

"Ma guide, you're drunk. I'm a man. Let me go!" 

Assistant director Ma will let go. 

He had rich experience in forced diving. He pressed Cui Yunqing down on the ground in two or three times, and took out the medicine in his pocket while holding the man. 

As he pulled it out, he suddenly felt something was wrong. 

How chilly is it behind? 

Assistant director Ma's subconscious turn 

Two people. 

Shi Qing and Jing Yuanqi were standing behind him, looking at him in silence. 

"Ah 

The fat director was so scared that he fell off Cui Yunqing. 

Cui Yunqing, who escaped from the sky, climbed up from the ground with a white face, and ran behind them like a rabbit. 

Just don't know what to do, when listening to the side of the cold way: "now I know I'm afraid. I don't want to know what's in it before I come to the crew." 

Silly white sweet Cui Yunqing suddenly opened his eyes: "when the teacher, you roll my role because of the horse guide?" 

"Well." 

Shi Qing looked at the assistant director Ma in disgust: 

"he has not been staring at you for a day or two." 

Deputy director Ma, who was thrown into a big pot out of thin air: 

He's obviously on the spur of the moment, OK! 

Although I have been plotting against others for a long time before, it is definitely not for Cui Yunqing. 

He struggled to get up: "you don't talk nonsense, I didn't..." 

With a calm face and a cold foot, the film emperor stepped on the tool used by deputy director Ma to commit murder. 

"Scum." 

"Ow --" 

the unbearable pain of life successfully made the assistant director of horse close his mouth, cover the wound and wriggle on the ground. 

One side of Jing Yuanqi squinted, "so you stopped me from entering the group, because of him?" 

Ding! Jing Yuanqi's repulsion: 78 out of 100] 

thinking of this reason, it is inexplicable that Jing Yuanqi's heart is not only excited by "Shiqing is really not a bad man", but also a sense of loss that "he didn't pay attention to me just because he paid attention to me". 

"You are slander!" 

Deputy director Ma heard this sentence and got up strong. 

He is not a fool. How dare he sneak into those people who have backstage, especially Jing Yuanqi, who is not easy to offend at first sight. What's the use of a good-looking face? There are at least five young masters behind him. He wants to sneak into the rules when he is crazy. 

"How could I possibly Oh 

The gloomy film emperor stepped on it again: "tell the truth." 

"I'm not Ooh 

When Qingjia gravity Road, the voice is still cold and clear, "have you?" 

"You want to make a move Ouch, ouch 

"Yes, or no?" 

Deputy director Ma trembled his legs, and finally realized that he did not admit that he would not want to live a happy life for the rest of his life. 

With sweat and tears on his face, he nodded desperately: "yes!! Yes, there are 

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I can't do it anymore, boo Hoo Hoo!" 

A beautiful man crying is a feast for the eyes. 

A bald, fat, obscene middle-aged man crying, is hot eyes. 

Shi Qing took his feet back. 

"It's no use apologizing to me," he said 

With tears and snot all over his face, deputy Ma turned his head shaking. 

His heart was even more bitter than Coptis and Dou'e, and he wanted to prove that he really didn't dare to fight Jing Yuanqi's idea. 

But at the moment, but also can only be in the threat of bereavement, full of injustice, bear the pain of the body. 

Apologizing to Jing Yuanqi with tears: 

"yes, I'm sorry..." 

He broke down crying: 

"I think the hidden rule is you whine 




 The moment that deputy director Ma admitted that he wanted to hide the rules of Jing Yuanqi, it was doomed that he would not play well. 

Shiqing didn't ask any more questions. Anyway, from this day on, deputy director Ma disappeared in the production team. When other people asked, the director only said that he had something at home. 

From this day on, we can see that the director's attitude towards Jing Yuanqi has been raised to a higher level. It seems that he is going to hold him to the altar. 

After all, a person who can completely ban a director with one word can not be provoked. 

Jing Yuanqi was the same as before. He was full of sunshine and smiling in front of people. He looked like a big boy with a cheerful personality. 

And in the corner where no one is watching, he likes all kinds of small actions to the film emperor. 

For some unknown reason, although the seemingly inviolable film emperor has always kept his words cool, he has tacitly acknowledged the subsequent generations' offense to himself. 

Jing Yuanqi regarded him as a man of integrity. 

Young people are more and more addicted to this game. When a man who is usually high and has almost no emotional color is allowed to do it, he has never felt the physical and mental pleasure. 

Generally, after shooting the morning scenes, the film emperor likes to hide in his single dressing room and eat lunch by himself. 

The rest of the crew, including high-quality, will be very cooperative and will not disturb him. 

But now Qingzheng was eating. Suddenly he heard something behind him. He turned his head and looked. The locked door was pushed open from the outside. 

Jing Yuanqi naturally put the wire used to pry the lock back into his pocket. He carried the lunch box in his other hand and walked in calmly. 

"Teacher Shi, put together a table?" 

It has to be said that his cheekiness is even worse than Shi Qing. 

Even if the film emperor is cold and says in a deep voice that he likes to eat alone, Jing Yuanqi can still say, "then don't treat me as an adult." 

The young man took the box lunch out of the bag and blinked at the time, "I think if I were a pot plant, it would be very nice." 

"When you come, teacher, let's get closer. This potted plant will help you clean up the air around you." 

Just as he said this, Jing Yuanqi sat closer. His slender and beautiful fingers gently reached out and landed on Shiqing's thigh. 

Shi Qing 

Jing Yuanqi really expressed his imagination. 

System host, you can do it, you can do it, hold on! Don't break the design!! 

Even if he really wanted to teach him how to be a man, Shi Qing got up with a cold face and changed his position to the opposite side of the table. 

The young man was not disappointed when he sat across from him and ate in silence. 

He has been teasing Shiqing with various means in various places these days, which seems to be wanton, but in fact he has been testing the bottom line of Shiqing. 

Although he had been testing for so long, Jing Yuanqi still felt that Shiqing was a mystery. 

He is cold and gloomy. He never talks to people politely and doesn't want to have any physical contact with people. 

But he acquiesced in Jing Yuan's use of various methods to harass himself. 

At the same time, he seems to be very exclusive to others, and does not care about image. 

But has been quietly helping the younger generation. 

It's the kind of doing good without leaving a name. 

Jing Yuanqi doesn't understand these behaviors. If it's him, if he really does something good, he'll be known all over the world. Of course, occasionally he doesn't mind not doing good deeds, but he also keeps his name. 

The most contradictory part of the Qing Dynasty was the attitude towards Jing Yuanqi. 

Said well, and always cold, said not well, and acquiesced to his action. 

When there are people, what does Jing Yuanqi want to do? Shi Qing seems to be afraid that others will find out. He is silent and allows him to do it. 

But if two people are alone, even if Jing Yuanqi wants to pull his hands, it is very difficult. 

For example, now, the film emperor hides from him far away, as if as soon as he has any excessive behavior, will immediately leave. 

Jing Yuanqi was not in a hurry to move, so as not to scare his mussels away. 

He began to engage in small talk. Of course, the topic should not be too hot. 

Mr. Shi, did you dream of me last night 

The opposite actor drooped his eyelashes and ate his meal in silence. 

He ignored people and the youth didn't mind. He said to himself, "I dreamed of you." 

"Do you know what I dream about?" 

Youth a pair of peach blossom eyes smile squint, magnetic voice deliberately low, with a charm, "you look up to see me, I will tell you." 

See the film emperor or do not move, he postures to get up "OK, since the teacher does not want to listen, I go out to talk to others." 

Finally, the film emperor is willing to pay attention to him. 

He raised his eyes, a pair of light colored eyes quietly, as if with a little sullen, "you don't go too far.""If too much can let the teacher pay attention to me, I will be over a hundred times." 

Jing Yuanqi was not affected, but was proud to pick up eyebrows and smile at Shiqing. 

The smile of youth is a typical sunny smile, which makes people feel that this is a big child without haze. 

With this smile, Jing Yuanqi looks at Shi Qing with satisfaction, and his anger gradually disappears. 

He was proud at the bottom of his heart. 

Because even the film Emperor himself does not know, every time he wants to be angry, as long as Jing Yuanqi smiles at him, that anger will unconsciously subside. 

Jing Yuanqi has always been very good at taking advantage of this advantage. He softened his voice, with a smile in his mouth, and slowly put his hand on Shiqing's opposite hand. 

"Teacher Shi, I really dreamt of you last night, so I came to you as soon as I had a rest today. Don't be so indifferent to me, I will be sad." 

With his deliberate soft voice, the ostracism on the face of the film emperor gradually disappeared. 

Even always looking at the face of the cold, it seems to be a bit soft. 

He did not respond, but did not shake off Jing Yuanqi's hand. He just kept silent and continued to eat with chopsticks with his right hand. 

Jing Yuanqi climbed up the pole and looked at the chicken legs in the bowl. He seemed to ask pitifully, "I want to eat chicken legs, too." 

When the clear clip vegetables action to pause, some hesitant to push the lunch box forward, the voice is cold "for you to eat." 

Young people are getting more and more aggressive, "when the teacher feed me." 

Seeing the film emperor slightly stunned, Jing Yuanqi holds his palm, and gently, slowly, draws a circle in his heart. 

His eyes were fixed on Shi Qing's white earlobe which was slowly dyed red. When he was satisfied, his eyes were more provocative and his voice was prolonged 

"you can feed me, teacher, I know you are the best." 

In the end, the film emperor still failed to resist the temptation of this evil spirit. 

His cheek also seemed to be stained with a thin red with Jing Yuanqi's movements. With this red tinge, he took a piece of chicken and handed it to Jing Yuanqi's mouth. 

The fox spirit's eyes are more and more like the fox's. 

Fox spirit is very picky. When the chicken comes to his mouth, he doesn't open his mouth and eats it. Instead, he sticks out his bright red tongue first, picks up his eyes, and his tail is full of flattery. When he looks at the chicken, the tip of his tongue slowly tilts up and slips over his upper lip. 

Shi Qing Who can stand this NIMA? I can't. 

The system is silent and feels the mosaic it sees. 

Although separated from the clothes, as soon as the host's emotion is sensed, the mosaic is immediately given. 

It comforts the host that he doesn't know you didn't resist. 

At this moment, under the table, Jing Yuanqi slowly stretched out his long legs and landed on the opposite side with a clear goal. 

Then, gently press down with Ji. 

At the next moment, the young people feel more proud of what they feel. 

Shi Qing knows it now. 

Was exposed did not resist the fact that the film emperor some annoyed, he coldly moved away from the body, "you still eat or not." 

"Yes, of course." 

Jing Yuanqi continued to deliberately lengthen his voice. He pointed to the chicken leg in front of him and pointed to the place where Shi Qing did not resist. "As long as it is given by the teacher, I will eat it." 

I'm NIMA. How can he beat me. 

Although the system did not understand, but also strive to stutter explanation, perhaps, is personal, personal talent. 

Seeing the shadow emperor's face blue and white because of what he said, Jing Yuanqi was finally satisfied. He opened his mouth and ate the chicken leg. 

Chewing a few times, the young man's face also changed. 

The white jade like face was flushed with the speed visible to the naked eye, and the corners of his eyes were red. 

Jing Yuanqi's "hiss, devil's pepper?" 

He began to have a hot look on his face and kept pouring mineral water on the table. 

Shi Qing rushed forward to "help". He grabbed the water bottle in Jing Yuanqi's hand according to the youth's flexibility. "The more you drink, the more spicy you drink." 

"Wait, I'll get the milk." 

Jing Yuanqi was so hot that his brain was blank. Where he could hear it, he had to reach out and grab the water bottle back. 

They argued for a few seconds, and when the water poured directly, they were all clean. 

Jing Yuanqi was pressed on the table, and the spicy force just passed a little bit. He looked at the shadow emperor with care in his frown above, and the water on Shiqing's beautiful clavicle, and his mind was enlivened. 

"It's hot, I want water," he said 

And then, without hesitation, they got together. 

To be more elegant, young people try to suck with their tongue and drink the water stains in front of them. 

Like the purest baby, subconsciously looking for people who can supply their own needs. 

-- buckle. 

The sound of the knock on the door went unnoticed.The next second, Cui Yunqing, who has been a little fan of Shiqing since she was rescued last time, opens the door and comes in 

He froze after he saw what was in front of him. 

In Cui Yunqing's eyes, when he worshipped and worshipped, the teacher pressed Jing Yuanqi on the table. 

And Jing Yuanqi, who has always been cheerful and sunny, is now in red circles. He seems to have cried. He looks weak and pitiful, and is surrounded by his teacher. 

Cui Yunqing "Shi, Shi teacher, brother Jing, you, you..." 

Jing Yuanqi responded first. 

Cui Yunqing see also, lest this silly white sweet always find a chance to pester Shi Qing. 

The young man raised his eyebrows slightly. He didn't feel embarrassed at all. On the contrary, he clasped Shiqing's waist very freely. With a sense of aggression, he pushed the film emperor lower on himself. 

Aware that he is a passer-by who is staring at his mussel, he declares his territory 

"yes, that's what you see." 

Cui Yunqing "..." 

I don't know whether it's brain pumping or how. The 18-year-old boy puffed for a long time, and choked out a sentence 

"well, I wish you happiness. I, I, I, I will go first." 

Before leaving, Cui Yunqing blushed and held back a sentence of 

"when the teacher, you should remember to wear a condom." 

Bang! 

When the door was left, he closed it in panic. 

Jing Yuanqi 

What is the time to wear a condom?? 

Can't we see what's going on? 




 Shi Qing was about to laugh in his heart. 

Of course, with a serious face on his face, he directly put out his hand on Jing Yuanqi's waist and got up to tidy up his clothes. 

Seeing that all the fat meat in his mouth was about to run away, Jing Yuanqi didn't pay attention to the problem of "who went up and who went down". He stood up without bones and hugged Shi Qing from behind. 

Magnetic sound stretched out to be particularly sweet and greasy: "in fact, I don't care about these, who is the same on the top." 

Deceiving, since he became interested in the film emperor, his mind has always been pressing people under his body, like this and that. 

Of course, when he was sitting there, he thought about it. 

But who has set the mind to be honest. 

First cheat people to bed, and then what happens when Qing can not do the master. 

Jing Yuanqi, who was thinking about the abacus in his mind, was gentle and said, "as long as the teacher thinks, I can do anything." 

When Qing turned around, the cool tone was light: "how can it be?" 

Jingyuan is happy. 

The young man, with a hint, rubbed his face against the actor's shoulder. 

"Yes, I can do whatever the teacher says," he said 

Shi Qing: "take your hands down." 

Jing Yuanqi: 

Shi Qing: "what do you do if I don't say it? I said, take your hands off. " 

The young man took his hand down in silence. 

Cat like animals, but also a little unwilling to rub his head against the film emperor. 

However, when the heart hard as iron: "head away." 

"When teacher, you are too ruthless." 

Jing Yuanqi finally stood up straight, shrunken his mouth, as if he was very aggrieved and complained: "our relationship is even Cui Yunqing that fool can see, what do you still make this gesture to do." 

"Yun Qing is not a fool." 

The film emperor frowned and disapproved: "he's just young." 

Jing Yuanqi tugged at the corners of his mouth, but he was not in the mood to pester him: "when teacher, is it my illusion? How do I think you treat Cui Yunqing better than me? " 

Shi Qing's hands for dressing clothes stopped, and then his eyelashes drooped. His speaking speed was a little faster. Listening to the young people's ears, he felt guilty: 

"you are all my descendants, and I am the same to you." 

Even if his tone is OK, Jing Yuanqi is not happy. 

Every day, he worked hard, never let go of an opportunity to get close to him. He sacrificed himself and ate the devil's pepper. As a result, when he cleared his mouth, he was actually the same as Cui Yunqing, that little ghost?? 

It's rare that the youth's face did not show any wanton smile, but pulled a sneer at the corner of his mouth: "so, if Cui Yunqing did these things to you, you would still let him do it?" 

At last, the movie emperor, who had finished his clothes, turned around and looked at Jing Yuanqi with a look of stupor. 

When Jing Yuanqi thought he was going to ignore himself as before, he opened his mouth: 

"don't laugh so much, it's not good-looking." 

Jing Yuanqi raises eyebrows. He always knows that Shiqing likes to watch himself smile. 

As for why, Shi Qing did not say, he did not ask. 

Anyway, his purpose is just to enjoy the pleasure of chasing prey, and finally like opening a big gift bag, he will be coaxed into the bed when Qing ate clean. 

As long as you know, Shiqing has this weakness. 

Young snake like climbing down the pole and entangled in the man: "when the teacher like me smile? What do you like about Cui Yunqing 

"His eyebrows," he said 

When Jing Yuanqi asked about the exit, he didn't expect that the film emperor would really answer himself. 

In his opinion, Shi Qing's face is hard and his heart is soft. He only takes care of him when Cui Yunqing smiles. 

As a result, halal answered. 

The sunshine smile just appeared on Jing Yuanqi's face and then slowly sank down. 

Eyebrows? 

He recalled Cui Yunqing's weak face like a rabbit. 

Unlike Jing Yuanqi's sword eyebrows, Cui Yunqing's delicate eyebrows are also thin eyebrows. 

"Do you like his eyebrows? Do you like this one? " 

Shi Qing didn't deny it, only whispered. 

Jing Yuanqi was even more upset. 

Although he is just playing, but even if it is playing, he is not willing to see when the clear face on him, thinking of others. 

Besides, Cui Yunqing is still such a fool. 

How can Shiqing like him?! 

Jingyuanqi's heart was full of discontent, but on the surface he still pretended to be generous to hide his dissatisfaction and stick it to the film Emperor: "I'm so sad. I only have a teacher, but the teacher still has Cui Yunqing in his heart. It's too unfair."He said this, as if he was very aggrieved, and Shi Qing was a scum man with two boats. 

The film Emperor didn't pay any attention to him. He just pulled the young man's hand on his waist. "Just now Yun Qing said that there were fans visiting. I'm going out." 

With that, Shiqing turned around mercilessly and left, leaving Jing Yuanqi alone in the dressing room. 

As the door closes, the grievance on the youth's face gradually conceals and turns to be gloomy. 

He stood thinking for a while, as if thinking of something, peach blossom eyes slightly narrowed, look proud again, pick eyebrows, open the door and go out. 

Cui Yunqing came to film for the first time since he grew up, and also the first time he saw fans visiting. 

He was not well-known, and he was particularly curious and yearning for fans. He pulled a passing artist and asked, "brother, whose fans are these?" 

"It's not the actors. It's the original novel adapted from this TV series. It seems that there is an official V. This is not going to be finished soon. The director contacted them and asked them to come over to explore the class and broadcast it live to attract some popularity." 

Cui Yunqing suddenly realized. 

When he came to audition, the teacher told him that the play was adapted from big IP, which had advantages and disadvantages for actors. 

The advantage is that each role has its own flow, which is easy to absorb powder. 

The disadvantage is that if a bad performance is made, the original party can not wish to tear up the actors who destroy the characters in their minds. 

Cui Yunqing's role is not much, but it is very gratifying. There are many fans in the original work. His teacher also specially told him to have a good look at the original work several times. This is the first time he has appeared in front of people since he grew up, but he must not act badly. 

Now, as soon as I heard that it was the original work, Cui Yunqing subconsciously wanted to hide. 

What if the fans see him and are not satisfied. 

He was about to slip away after greeting his predecessors. As a result, he was caught by Jing Yuanqi just after he left. 

Jing Yuanqi looks in a good mood. He squints with a pair of peach blossom eyes and asks Cui Yunqing gently: "Xiao Cui, where are you going 

Cui Yunqing saw that he had such a moment of small discomfort. 

After all, not long ago, I saw this sunshine elder under the teacher's weak appearance. 

However, after listening to Jing Yuanqi's question, she was completely put out of her mind. She confided in the original work to visit her class and told her all her worries. 

"Oh, you are afraid of that." 

Jing Yuanqi was still smiling and said with a good heart: "I think you play very well. Really, you don't have to worry about the disillusionment of fans when they see you." 

Cui Yunqing still hesitated: "but I don't have any part today. What I wear is a regular dress and short hair. It looks different from the role. Will they be disappointed?" 

"It's OK, it's OK. The fans mainly look at their faces." 

The young man patted Cui Yunqing on the shoulder, pretending to look at him. After looking at him up and down, he frowned slightly. 

Cui Yunqing was a little frightened by the way he seemed to find something. He quickly asked, "brother Jing, what's wrong with me?" 

"It's not wrong. It's just this..." 

Jingyuan Qiyue is hesitant to say, Cui Yunqing more worried, hastily urged: "brother Jing, you said it, you said I can change ah." 

"Well, since you're in such a hurry, I'll tell you." 

As a result, the youth seemed to be urged to have no choice but to sigh and say, "in fact, your facial features, body shape and so on are very good. It is this eyebrow that is a little too delicate." 

"Eyebrows?" 

Cui Yunqing reached out and touched his eyebrows. 

Jing Yuanqi nodded as if he had something wrong. "You think the role you play is a little leader and a wizard. How can eyebrows be delicate? You say so." 

He said: "look at your eyebrows, too thin, and the eyebrow tail is drooping, looking more beautiful, when you make up, is not the makeup teacher's eyebrows coarsened, you draw a little up?" 

Jing Yuanqi didn't pay attention to Cui Yunqing's makeup. 

But he spent more time in the entertainment industry than Cui Yunqing. In general, his make-up is a picture of a woman's eyebrows being delicate, while a man's eyebrows are thick. 

Rising is the norm. Now it's popular to raise eyebrows. No matter men or women, they always do this in costume drama. 

Cui Yunqing didn't know this. The more he thought about it, the more he thought about it, he nodded: "yes, the makeup teacher painted me like this." 

"You see." 

Jing Yuanqi's expression of "you see what I said is right", and then another look of "it's nothing, it's not a big problem". The false comfort is covered by his own words, and Cui Yunqing's eyebrows are covered with confusion. 

"It's no big deal, isn't it just an eyebrow? The rest of you are great, and those fans don't worry about this little thing"No, no, this is my first exposure on the Internet. I have to pay attention to it." 

"Silly white sweet Cui Yunqing bitter face covered his eyebrows," brother Jing, you say I now go to the make-up teacher to help me repair my eyebrows, painting OK? " 

Jing Yuanqi tut two times: "you this, make-up teacher is having a meal, do you have a good time now?" 

"I-I'm sorry." 

Cui Yunqing hung his face, "or I'll fix it myself..." 

"Have you fixed it yourself? Don't fix it. " 

Cui Yunqing: No 

Silly Bai Tian was flustered. She took Jing Yuanqi's clothes and asked with a bitter face, "what should I do? If I go out and run into those fans, what should they do if they live it for me?" 

Jing Yuanqi quietly threw Cui Yunqing's hand off, and said with a little hesitation: "I often trim my eyebrows myself, but I'm not a professional." 

When brother Cui Yunjing grabbed the straw, he helped me 

Jing Yuanqi: "this is not good. I haven't helped others to trim their eyebrows." 

"Please, Jingge, please, you can fix it for me. They are coming soon." 

Youth a pair of peach blossom eyes slightly narrowed, a face of reluctance. 

"Well, since you've asked me so, I'll fix it for you. Go to the teacher's dressing room. There's no one there." 

Shiqing is asking high quality to call his own bodyguards. 

The reason why the original owner will fall into a reputation of playing big names is because of this bodyguard group. 

All of them wear sunglasses and suits. They are tall and powerful, and there are more than a dozen of them. 

Besides the fact that there is no bodyguard group around when the original owner is filming, the bodyguard team will be there wherever he goes. 

Interview? The bodyguards surrounded him. 

Publicity? The bodyguards surrounded him. 

Even if you go to the bathroom, the bodyguards have to go to the bathroom. 

The reason for this is simple. 

He is to show his identity as a film emperor. 

Show how high you are. 

At the same time, people who are afraid of death and worry about their own pit will suddenly come out to trouble him. 

Someone once took a picture like this. 

On the empty street, there are two or three pedestrian kittens and at least a dozen bodyguards, who guard the movie emperor in the central circle. 

As soon as the photo was posted on the Internet, it immediately aroused heated discussion. 

You have more bodyguards than passers-by. You are also alert to passers-by. As a result, people don't intend to pay attention to you. It's ironic. 

The Internet is full of ridicule. Stone hammer is playing big games. 

However, even if the Internet ridicule the sky is useless, as long as the background of the film emperor is still there, he is still a noble film emperor in the circle. 

When Gao Zhi got the order to call the bodyguard team, he refused. 

These days, he gets along with Shi Qing. He feels that he is not as angry as the legend says. He just doesn't care about people and likes to eat devil's pepper. Although he doesn't speak much, he is very happy about his salary and bonus. 

High quality thinks it's good to follow such a star. 

When you have feelings, you have to plan for it. When you want to call the bodyguard group, he advised him: "brother Shi, you should take a class with a few fans. In fact, there is no need to ask the bodyguards to come here. When people see you like this, they may even think that you are playing a big card. Otherwise, forget it. In this way, when fans come, I will stand by the side and I will always protect you." 

Shi Qing was not affected by his kind persuasion. 

"Let them come," he said in a deep voice 

High quality can only make a phone call with a sigh. 

In fact, it's convenient for the employers to stay in the hotel. In fact, it's very convenient for them to stay in the hotel. 

It is estimated that within five minutes, these well-trained bodyguards will appear in the crew. 

Gao Zhizheng is thinking with a sad face. When those fans broadcast the bodyguards live on the Internet, there is a knock on the door. 

It's Cui Yunqing. 

In view of the last time he knocked on the door, he pushed the door and ran into some kind of picture that he shouldn't have seen. This time, he learned to be smart and called out after knocking the door: 

"is Shi Ge inside? This is little Cui. Can I come in? " 

High quality turned to see Shiqing, see the film emperor nodded, just opened the door. 

Cui Yunqing entered the house happily. 

"Brother Shi, do you think my new eyebrow looks good?" 

When the film emperor looked up. 

After seeing Cui Yunqing's face that is very good-looking, but completely unlike the previous eyebrow shape, I was stunned. 

He lowered his head, looked up again, and took another look. 

After confirming that it is not a hallucination, the film emperor slowly and slowly reveals a puzzled look on his face.The door was pushed open again, and Jing Yuanqi came in. 

The young man was proud of his smile and waved his eyebrow trimming knife in front of Shiqing. 

"I fixed it for him, no charge."





 Shi Qing really didn't expect Jing Yuanqi to be able to do such a crazy thing. 

How to say that he is also a person of a certain identity, unexpectedly because of a sentence from Shi Qing, he ran to deceive other people's children. 

He pokes the system: [look, look, how much rejection has he got? ] 

System: [Jing Yuanqi rejection: 63] 

System: [host, I think this decline has been very good, just a few days. ] 

Shi Qing: [I know it's very good. On the surface, it looks like a play man. I really thought he wasn't interested. ] 

unexpectedly, it dropped to 63. 

Shi Qing: [did he lift himself in? ] 

System: [isn't that a good thing? It's going to come down very quickly. ] 

[you don't understand. ] 

Shi Qing: [he thought he was just playing until now. When the game is over, he will play it back. ] 

the system is at a loss: [I don't understand. ] 

Shi Qing gives it an example: "for example, he now has a 63 degree of rejection, but he thinks he has a 100 degree of exclusion. When we separate, the degree of exclusion will be affected by his own consciousness, let alone go up to * * 10, there must be 70. ] 

System: [ ] 

it can't play for a moment! If he plays, we'll also be shot away by world consciousness! ] 

[peace of mind, since he can act like a real person, he will not be so strong. ] 

now that he knows that Lang Huabei, who is full of trains, has already played himself in, Shi Qing is not polite. 

He directly withdrew the line of sight on Cui Yunqing's eyebrows and turned to high quality: "they haven't come yet?" 

"Coming, coming, coming soon." 

"When I sent a text message, they said it was nearby. I'll go and pick it up." 

"Well." 

Got the answer, high quality turned out. 

For a moment, there were only three people left in the room. 

Cold and gloomy when the film emperor, bright sunshine scene yuan Qi, silly white not sweet Cui Yunqing. 

As soon as Gao Zhi left, Shi Qing turned on his mobile phone and began to play with his microblog. Jing Yuanqi looked at him. Neither of them spoke. The atmosphere in the room gradually became strange. 

Cui Yunqing didn't notice it at all. He was still happy to come to Shi Qing and asked him to look at his eyebrows: "look at me, teacher. I just looked in the mirror and thought that my eyebrows were much better than before, which showed my special spirit." 

When Qing didn't even lift his eyelids, he gave a careless hum. 

Cui Yunqing didn't notice the indifference of the film emperor to himself. Seeing that he was looking at his mobile phone as if he was brushing his microblog, Cui Yunqing was interested in it and then moved forward: "what are you looking at, Mr. Shi? Anything new? " 

As a result, as soon as he got close to it, Shiqing put the mobile phone away and the slender film emperor stood up. 

Voice pan cold, is he never used to Cui Yunqing tone: "I go out first, you help yourself." 

The slow Cui Yunqing finally realized that Qing's attitude was wrong. 

He looked blankly at the film emperor opening the door to go out, and then looked at Jing Yuanqi: "brother Jing, what happened to the teacher? Yesterday, he took me to watch Weibo 

Jing Yuanqi was not happy at the bottom of his heart. 

I also watch microblog with me. 

Kindergarten children? 

Of course, after the discomfort, it is a piece of comfort. 

As expected, without the blessing of eyebrows, Cui Yunqing could not compare with him. 

No matter what Jing Yuanqi thought in his heart, the young man was still considerate: "when the teacher didn't sleep well, he was in a bad mood. Don't recruit him." 

"Xiao Cui, your new eyebrow shape is really good-looking. Remember to keep it in the future." 

Cui Yunqing, who had been praised, was happy again. He nodded: "brother Jing, don't worry! I'm sure I'll keep it well. I'll fix it as soon as it grows out! " 

Jing Yuanqi's grandmother wolf on his face said with a smile: "well, you have this attitude, and you will be very popular in the future." 

"All right, the visitors are coming. Go out." 

Cui Yunqing went out happily. 

I don't know what I lost because I changed my eyebrow. 

Jing Yuanqi is very happy that he has eliminated a rival in love. 

As soon as he was happy, he wanted to do something that was not allowed to be broadcast on TV. 

It's very easy to find when you look around. When you look around, the one who is surrounded by a group of bodyguards in black is full of pressure. 

Jing Yuanqi looks at the protected Shiqing from a distance, and his heart is quite understandable. 

Such a good-looking person should be protected in this way. 

In order to avoid being bumped into by a cat and a dog, it can't be done where you encounter it, it's all his territory.Unfortunately, not everyone is as understanding as Jing Yuanqi. 

Several fans who came to visit today saw this scene as soon as they came. The expression on their faces was a little complicated. 

Strictly speaking, they haven't chased the stars. They are all real book fans. 

For this book, we set up a backup club and managed fans. Step by step, we have come to the present. 

When the crew invited them to come over, several girls were very happy to hear that the reimbursement of return expenses, food and shelter, and watching the stars. 

After arriving, the director was very enthusiastic to arrange for them to see the stars first. They also felt that it was not a loss to see the stars this time. 

It turned out to be a scene like this. 

has not been broadcast live, so several people can make complaints about it. 

Girl a: "it's so strong to pretend to be forced. Who is this man?" 

Girl b: "Shi Qing, it seems that he is still a film emperor. The Internet has been saying that he plays big names seriously. I thought it was someone else's random beeping. It's true that he dares to love." 

Girl C: "is that what he usually does in the crew? A group of bodyguards surround you 

High quality just came to hear this sentence, quickly explained: "don't misunderstand don't misunderstand, when brother usually is not like this, he is a little eccentric, not used to contact with strangers." 

The girls looked even more queer. 

Is it cleanliness 

"Er..." How can high-quality know what it is? He can't make it up casually. What should he do in case of wearing a gang? He can only vaguely pass it on: "it's not convenient to reveal. Ha, beauties have been working hard all the way. Do you want to go to the hotel for a rest? I'll take you there. " 

"No, no, we just came from the hotel." 

Girl a quickly waved her hand, "I've discussed with you before we come. We'll start the live broadcast as soon as we come, so we can live it directly." 

High quality: "do you want to find a room where everyone can sit together? Just now the director called everyone together, and now he is sitting over there. " 

"You don't have to. We'll live it all the way. The original ecology. By the way, handsome boy, do you mind showing up?" 

"Don't mind, you want to live me?" 

"Yes, original ecology." 

As the girl said, she opened the software on her mobile phone and started the live broadcast. The camera was directed at high quality: "Hello, everyone. I'm AA rabbit. I've come to Shenlin. This handsome guy is very enthusiastic and has been helping us answer questions. Would you like to introduce yourself?" 

High quality is not a long and short time to be an artist assistant. This is the first time that someone has been broadcast live. Suddenly, I have a dry cough: "well, my name is Gao Zhi. I'm the assistant of teacher Shiqing. I'm in charge of running errands or something. Beauty, you'd better not broadcast me. I'm not good-looking." 

As soon as this word came out, the three girls burst into laughter. 

They just walk all the way with their mobile phones. 

There are more and more bullet screens. After all, the news on the Internet is fast. Not only are the original fans coming, but also some artists and fans in the cast. 

AA rabbit just walked all the way. 

Just a live broadcast to clear this piece, the barrage was speechless. 

[I knew he played big cards before, but I didn't expect that fans would play when they came to visit. Would a little more approachable and die? ] 

[I tell you, Shi Qing was like this. In May last year, I went to beiguanghai for a tour, and he took photos there. Good guy, there are all big men in black around. There are three floors inside and three outside. I don't know how he got angry. However, there are fans, and the stickiness is not high. I know that today's live broadcast is going to take one Do you want to show off your wealth or what? 

sometimes Qing's fans try to explain for AIDU in a weak way: 

sometimes Qing's fans try to explain for AIDU: 

[Shige is a public figure, he protects himself, and he can't hire bodyguards if the star has a good family background. ] 

[back to the artist who can't hire bodyguards, it doesn't mean that artists can't hire bodyguards, but it means that they can see the occasion and the production team is filming. What do you mean by that? ] 

[true love powder, you love beans can always give you back, look at the whole entertainment industry, who is like him, let several girls toss so many bodyguards live broadcast] 

the system quietly takes back the current of live broadcast: [host, many people are scolding you, what should I do. ] 

[well, you can wait and see. ] 

Shi Qing is sitting at the table, surrounded by a group of bodyguards, a pair of strangers do not get close to the gloomy appearance. 

Cui Yunqing wants to come over and talk to him, but after looking at the bodyguards with big dark glasses, he shrinks back timidly. 

But Jing Yuanqi, still smiling freely, took a picture of his nearest Bodyguard: "brother, let me in." 

The bodyguard looked back at the employer who was looking at the mobile phone. He frowned and said in a deep voice, "sorry, Mr. Shi doesn't want to contact anyone."Jing Yuanqi was not angry, his face was still smiling: "can I ask, what is your task?" 

Shi Qing took these people with him wherever he went. 

It can't really be just to pretend to be forced. 

The bodyguard was silent for a few seconds. 

To be honest, before today, they didn't know what their mission was. 

After all, every time they go on a mission, the employer only asks them to follow him or in front of him. In any case, it is right to follow him. 

Fortunately, today, the employer told them the task. 

So the bodyguard with a serious face answered Jing Yuanqi's words in a deep voice: "protect your husband from injury." 

Jing Yuanqi felt that this was nonsense. 

He just pushed aside his bodyguard and swaggered in. 

Once he practiced Sanda in order to protect himself, coupled with deliberate practice of his own strength, so several bodyguards could not stop him. 

"You 

Several bodyguards want to catch Jing Yuanqi together, but they are all nimbly dodged by the youth, and finally sit by Shiqing's side. 

"When you stop them, you can stop them. How can I stop them?" 

The film emperor put down the book, a pair of eyes cold light, "away from me." 

Jing Yuanqi was stunned. 

It was the first time that he heard such a repulsive remark from Shiqing. 

In the past, Shi Qing would never use this tone even if he was driving him away. 

Young people always know where the prey's weakness is. He skillfully raised his sunshine smile and moved about a millimeter in the opposite direction to the film emperor. 

"Is that far enough?" he said 

When Qing's eyebrows wrinkled more tightly, the other side of the flower color lips also slightly pursed up, as if very dissatisfied in general. 

Jing Yuanqi was acutely aware of his wrong attitude. 

What happened? 

Unexpectedly let Shi Qing reject him so suddenly? 

Is it because of Cui Yunqing's eyebrows? Just because this little silly white Shiqing refused his approach? 

Cui Yunqing, who is chatting with other people outside the bodyguard circle, suddenly feels cold in his neck. Subconsciously, he shrinks his neck and turns his head to see Jing Yuanqi looking at himself in the bodyguard circle. 

Cui Yunqing immediately threw that chill behind his head and reached for Jing Yuanqi happily. 

Jing Yuanqi: ha ha, fool. 

How could Shi Qing be so stupid because of him. 

What's that for? 

He was thinking that some girls were coming. 

The first step is to say hello to the stars live. Several girls try to ignore the bodyguards and let everyone introduce themselves with a smile. 

After the introduction, it's time to play games in order to enliven the atmosphere. 

In order to live the effect, the props group also specially carried a box of darts. 

"This is a special dart for the old foggy. Every one of them is very poisonous. Be careful." 

It's poisonous, of course. It's a joke. 

Misty old monster is a weird villain in in Shenlin. He is used to using poisonous darts. If he is shot by his dart, he can't last three days. 

This statement is naturally to let the original powder have a sense of identity. 

As a referee, the AA rabbit began to say the rules: "the rules of the game are very simple. I insert a dart on the ground, and everyone who participates in the game will throw them one by one. They must be able to insert into the ground and be close to my dart. The nearest winner wins and the farthest loser loses. After that, he or she can ask the loser a question or ask the loser to do his own designated thing." 

"Well, the rules are clear. Who comes first?" 

Cui Yunqing was eager to stand up, and Jing Yuanqi came out first. 

He: "brother Jing, do you want to come first?" 

Jing Yuanqi pulled Shi Qing's arm out: "no, when the teacher comes first." 

Cui Yunqing: 

He looked at Shi Qing, who was frowning, and shrunk his neck. 

Always think, when the teacher does not want to come first. 

Shiqing did not speak, directly took one of the darts, gently pinched it in his hand and threw it out directly. 

Looking at the dart far away from the AA rabbit dart, the barrage was cold for two seconds. 

Then: 

[ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!!! ] 

[my God!!! Is he throwing darts or handkerchief? It's not hard at all! ] 

[I can see that he didn't use his strength, as if he didn't grasp the darts tightly. 

[no, how did such a person become a movie emperor?! ] 

when the bullet screen was mocked, the movie emperor couldn't see it. Seeing that the darts were so far away, he just quietly gave up his position. 

Jing Yuanqi looked at him, drooping his eyelashes, silent, as if a bit sad, the bottom of his heart inexplicably some messy. 

He admitted that when he pushed Shiqing out, he hoped that Shiqing could lose far away, but he didn't expect that Shiqing was so light that he didn't seem to have any strength.It's still live. He's absolutely disgraced. 

When Jing Yuanqi pushed Shiqing out, he didn't want to see him lose face. 

The young man carefully avoided the mobile phone lens and pulled Shi Qing's arm: "Shi teacher..." 

When Qing gently stretched out his hand, he took his hand, "I'm not angry." 

Jing Yuanqi looked at the cold faced film emperor carefully: "you didn't seem to exert yourself just now?" 

"Well." 

Jing Yuanqi didn't ask him why he didn't exert himself. Just like a coquettish cat, he murmured in a low voice: "will I win later? I win, and we play. " 

The film emperor finally raised his eyes, black eyes staring at him: "are you so confident?" 

"Of course." 

Jing Yuanqi never felt that his strength and fighting skills had anything to show off. 

But at the moment, when he looked at Shiqing, he could hardly wait to be like a leopard with Q hair, showing his whole body's glory. 

Jing Yuanqi really didn't brag. 

After all the darts had been thrown, he came out. 

After seeing the position, he held the dart and threw it out. 

Ding! 

This dart is directly next to the AA rabbit's long-distance dart, making a crisp sound. 

"Wow 

Cui Yunqing was the first to jump up: "brother Jing, you are so good!"!!! That's amazing 

The scene was filled with cheers. 

Even in the barrage, there are all kinds of praises about this small fresh meat, which can be lost so accurately so far. 

The next step is the game. 

Young people can't wait. 

"To be honest, what's the name of the person you like?" 

When Qing facial expression slightly pauses, "I choose big adventure." 

Jing Yuanqi was a little disappointed. 

If it's two people playing a big adventure in private, he must ask Shiqing to give him all the things on the bed, on the wall, on the floor and on the treadmill. 

But unfortunately, it's live right now. 

The young man's eyes and eyebrows smile, and his eyes revealed a bad smile, as if in malicious trickery: "when I want the teacher to cut a watermelon for me, and hand feed it to my mouth." 

Obviously, this is Jing Yuanqi's alternative method of showing love. 

After five minutes, the crew came with a watermelon and a watermelon knife, laughing and shouting: "watermelon is here!" 

I don't know whether the ground is too uneven or how. I'm about to walk to the front of me. Suddenly, the field service slips and the whole person leans forward. 

"Ah 

The field affairs Putong fell to the ground, and the watermelon and the watermelon knife all took off and flew out. 

So the audience who were watching the live broadcast watched the watermelon knife fly straight to girl C. 

Girl C did not have time to scream, was a man suddenly from the side to the ground. 

This series of things happened so fast that it took less than a second. 

When all the people react, it has become Shiqing lying on the ground, holding the girl who was almost thrown a knife in her arms. 

"Shiqing!" 

"Brother Shige!" 

"Shi teacher --" 

the people present responded. The first person to rush past was Jing Yuanqi. He almost instinctively took the lead in arriving at Shiqing and pushed down the girl in his arms. The elder brother touched Shi Qing with his hands and said, "how about it? Not hurt? " 

Girl C didn't realize that she was pushed down. She was really confused. When she was helped up by her friends, she reacted. When she thought that the watermelon knife was still facing her face last second, she was scared. 

"Mr. Shi, are you ok?" 

thought of the rescue she had just made when she was still behind her. She was so guilty that C could not make complaints about her. She hurried to her feet to see the time when she was lying on the ground. 

"I'm fine." 

Shiqing was held up by Jing Yuanqi and looked down at his body: "it's OK. I'm not hurt." 

His expression is normal, even eyebrows did not frown, other people also believe his words, quickly help people up. 

"It's OK. It was quite frightening just now." 

"When the teacher comes, get up." 

The audience watching the live broadcast will see it all. 

[sleeping trough, it's not a show. I thought Shi Qing was the kind of person who only cares about his own life and death] 

[that was really human instinct just now] 

[if it wasn't for Shi Qing, would the girl's face be destroyed? ] 

[who recorded the video? I'd like to see it again] 

after watching the barrage system, I'm very happy: [host, they've changed their view of you! ] 

[the host is so powerful!! Here you are! ] 

Shi Qing: [boast later, it's not over. ] In the camera, the film maker stands up and takes pictures of himself as if nothing happened. Then he turns around after saying a few words to others. 

[sleeping trough -] 

[my God!! A lot of blood!!! ] 

[is that a dart?? It's in the meat?? ] 

in the picture, the blood stained part of Shiqing's back is exactly the dart inserted on the ground when they played the game. 

Obviously, in order to save girl c, Shi Qing laid her back down on the ground, causing the dart originally inserted on the ground to stab him. 

Watching the large white shirt dyed red blood slowly overflow, the barrage exploded. 

The crew blew up, too. 

"Why so much blood?? Get an ambulance 

"Are you ok? Teacher Shi? Are you all right? " 

"When you were injured, you didn't tell us." 

Among all the people who were talking, Jing Yuanqi seemed very silent. 

When he was staring at him, he was pale, always indifferent, and even reached out to touch his back. When he saw the blood on his hand, his expression was even more empty. 

Immediately, that pair of always contain the ice in the eye son, revealed a bit of scene yuan Qi has never seen the fragility. 

The film emperor's face did not show any sad look, but Jing Yuanqi felt that he was about to cry. 

He hung his head and avoided the camera lens of the mobile phone and said in a hoarse voice, "sorry, don't shoot." 

Jing Yuanqi is inexplicably in love with such a Shi Qing, even if he doesn't know why Shi Qing should be like this. 

Youth with never had a soft voice coax: "when Qing, it's OK, do not shoot." 

Jing Yuanqi protects the film emperor in front of him and helps him block the camera. 

But the camera is still following him. 

When Qing's voice was too low, everyone only paid attention to his injury, and no one paid attention to his needs. 

So the film emperor's hoarse voice over and over again, while sidestepping to avoid always following his own lens, he almost begged: "don't shoot me, don't shoot me..." 

Looking at Shi Qing, who used to want to hide from himself, but now relies on Shiqing hiding in his arms, Jing Yuanqi is filled with complex emotions. 

But most of all, I feel upset. 

The youth directly strides to AA rabbit, takes off her mobile phone and turns off the live broadcast software: "don't shoot!" 

AA rabbit looks confused. 

Just want to ask why, on the youth's line of sight. 

Sharp, cold, as if under the knife in winter, with a fierce force. 

She shivered and did not dare to speak again. 

Shi Qing was sent to the ambulance. 

Because it's what happens in the live broadcast, it's inevitable to spread it all over the network. 

The short video that he saved a girl he didn't know before was also circulated on the Internet. 

[it's really unexpected that Shi Qingming's image has always been very gloomy and will never help people. I didn't expect to be such a man this time! ] 

[I said, did no one really notice that when he was stabbed by a dart, there was no pain on his face? Isn't this really acting? ] 

[this is a live broadcast. With so many stars there, show me one. ] 

[Shi Qing had always been a very negative image in my mind before. This time, I totally changed my view on him. When he helped the girl, he almost turned his back to the ground. The girl was well protected by him. If it wasn't for him, she would have been stabbed by a dart. ] 

when the number of microblog fans of Shiqing increased rapidly due to the incident, a post appeared quietly, and then it may be targeted as a hot spot. 

I used to work in the entertainment industry, tell me what I know about Shiqing. 

ID: I have not been in the circle for many years 

I have not been in the circle for many years: 

I have been in the circle for a long time, and I have seen a lot of stars of all kinds, but this is the first time that I have seen Shi Qing. 

He has a background in his family. Many people know that when he first entered the circle, he didn't take bodyguards wherever he went. At that time, he asked the assistant around him to take care of him 24 hours a day. Even if he didn't stay by his side for a period of time, the assistant would have to be replaced. At that time, we didn't understand him. We felt that he was grinding and he was troubling people Some people gave him a nickname of "subordinate song", because the assistant under his hand was dismissed after he could not work for a month. Anyway, at that time, at the bottom of our heart, Shiqing was a wonderful image. 

Every day, he is gloomy. No one is close to him. He talks very briefly. He likes to stay alone, eat, make-up. When other artists communicate with each other, he hides alone, which makes people feel that he is not easy to get along with. 

At that time, I found that Shi Qing was not sensitive to pain. What I remember very clearly is that he may be too tired to go back to his personal rest room and find a chair to sit down. At that time, I rested on the edge until he got up I found that there was a nail in the chair.It's not very long, but it can definitely give people a hole to shed some blood. If we normal people sit on it, we will suddenly get up in the next second, but Shiqing just sat there for about ten minutes until we have enough rest. 

I also looked at the nail and wiped it with toilet paper. There was blood on it. 

At that time, I didn't know why he couldn't feel the pain at all. After a special observation, he found that he really couldn't feel the pain that ordinary people could feel. Even if he was bleeding or something, he didn't know the pain. Many times, according to my observation, he found that he was bleeding on his body, and then he hid to find the wound on his body. 

Later, I went home to check, and found that he should be a kind of disease, called painless, which means that a person can not feel pain. You may think, how good it is not to feel pain, there is no need for toothache, headache, no pain is not good. 

But in fact, it's not. It's terrible for a person to get painless, because pain is a dangerous signal from the body. For example, if you feel a headache, take your temperature, and find that you have a fever, take a medicine quickly, or you are stabbed by a nail and go to break the wind. 

But it's hard for painless patients to find out what they have. They don't feel a headache. They don't know that they have a fever. They are prone to pneumonia or worse. 

They were hurt by rusty nails, because they didn't feel the pain, and they didn't know they were hurt. As a result, they died of tetanus. 

I found out that it is very difficult for him to live over 25 years old without pain. I don't know how Shi Qing lived so peacefully, but I know it's not easy for him to live till now. 

In order to ensure that he did not get hurt, he had to eat alone and rest alone. Even his make-up could only be separated from everyone else. He did not dare to be close to others, because maybe a casual action of others could make him hurt without knowing it. Anyway, when I was with the group, every time when I was with the group, it was one person's activity. 

It is said in the circle that he is gloomy and does not contact with people. I will ask you, if you contact people, you will be killed by ignorance. Will you contact people? 

Later, he began to take bodyguards in various public places. People thought he was playing a big game and ridiculed him for bringing bodyguards together. In fact, I know that he just wanted to save his life. 

That's what I know. I've been out of the circle for a long time. Today I saw this news and saw the comments about his show off. All of a sudden, they were unfair to him, so I sent this post. 

One time account, this account will be cancelled soon, do not disturb. ] 

on the Internet, Jing Yuanqi also saw this post when it entered a deeper wave of discussion. 

He was in a daze for a long time. 

I can't believe it. It's very logical. 

Shiqing likes to eat devil pepper. 

As we all know, spicy is not from taste, but from pain. 

Because there is no pain, so can not change color to eat normal people can not stand the devil pepper. 

He was always alone. 

A person in the dressing room, a person to eat, a person to rest. 

When he knew it was going to be broadcast, his first reaction was to call in a bodyguard. 

Shiqing called the bodyguard team not only to ensure his safety. 

Or to be reminded when he's injured. 

He didn't shout in the crew because there was no audience to care if he was hurt. 

There is only one reason why he did it. 

Shiqing doesn't want to let others know that he has painless disease. 

So now, when everyone knows that he is ill, what is his mood? 

At this moment, all thoughts were far away from Jing Yuanqi. 

The youth arrived at the hospital almost as quickly as possible. 

High quality is guarding outside the ward, saw him, tired face reluctantly showed a smile: "king elder brother." 

Jing Yuanqi did not have time to rest. He gasped and asked, "is Shiqing OK?" 

High quality shakes his head. 

"Since he knew that post, Shi Ge was in a bad mood. He said that he wanted to stay alone for a while. He was alone in the ward for more than three hours without making a sound." 

"Brother Jing, I don't think Shige wants to let others know. You think, I follow him every day, and I don't know about it. Shige obviously has a heart to hide it." 

He sighed: "but also, when brother temperament has always been strong, he certainly does not want others to know that he is ill." 

Jing Yuanqi took a deep breath. At the thought of Shiqing's frail expression in the ward, his heart ached. 

He has no time to think about why his mood will hurt. 

Shi Qing was so strong that he was forced to expose the soft meat hidden under the hard shell in front of the public 

The young man pressed his heart and looked gloomy. 

It's better not to let him find out who was the person who was clear when the post was exposed! 

Ding! Jing Yuanqi rejection: 49! ] 

[congratulations to the host! Congratulations host! Host Wencheng Wude, for thousands of years, unify the world!! ] In the ward, there was no pain when Qing listened to the cheering of the system and picked her eyebrows. 

He turns on the computer and clicks into the forum account. 

Next to ID [I haven't been in the circle for years] . 

- click "Cancel Account".





 It seems that overnight, the whole network has known the event of Shiqing. 

Why did he hire a bodyguard. 

Why do you look so out of group. 

Why don't you have a friend in the entertainment industry. 

Those black spots in the past, overnight, have become the spot of people's pity. 

[he doesn't want to be scolded by so many people every day. ] 

[when I heard the name of painless disease, I thought it was very good. I didn't need to hurt. However, when I watched the science popularization of the building owner that day, I felt chilly all over my body. If I didn't feel the pain, I might have been cut half of my head without knowing it] 

the previous gloomy indifference has become a matter of course. 

After all, who can ask a terminally ill patient to laugh happily every day? 

At the same time, they asked, "where is Shiqing? Is he all right? " 

Since things began to ferment, Shiqing has never been exposed. 

Even if the fans no matter how hard the call, that "physically disabled Zhijian" film emperor, still did not stand up. 

Finally, it was his company's official microblog. 

Shi Qing is suffering from a rare painless disease, but he conceals that he doesn't want others to think that he is different from others. Now Shiqing is recuperating. I hope everyone will not discuss this matter again. 

After the official appearance, there was a heated discussion on the Internet. 

But every time someone talks about "ah, you know, when he has a pain free illness, that is, he can't feel pain", his fans will spontaneously come forward. 

Some of these fans are old fans, and some are passers-by fans who have a good feeling for Shiqing because of sympathy and pity. 

"When you don't want people to talk about it, don't say it." 

"If it wasn't for this live broadcast accident, he would never have taken the initiative to explode in his life." 

"He has been poor enough to keep it from the public. As a result, the whole country knows what a live broadcast is. Now he doesn't know how sad he is." 

"Yes, I used to think that he was a bit gloomy because he didn't like to talk. But because of this, I watched a video clip edited by his fans and found that every time everyone took part in promotional games, although he didn't participate, his eyes were full of envy when watching." 

"Just like my sister, she was sick and feverish last month. She was locked up at home and couldn't play. She just huddled in the window to watch the children playing. When my sister got well, she could play with them. It's hard for Shiqing to recover in her life." 

In the brain tonic of many fans. 

Their love beans must be hiding in the room at the moment, with red eyes and low spirits. 

Let people look at the heart of pity. 

Jing Yuanqi almost thinks so. After all, since that post burst out, Shi Qing has locked himself in the ward, not to mention him. Doctors and nurses are not allowed to enter. 

He just said to be alone. 

Shiqing was still. 

Jing Yuanqi was upset. 

According to Jing Yuanqi's previous temperament, he directly pried the lock in, and took advantage of Shiqing's discomfort to enter and make himself some good. 

But now, he's sitting on the hospital porch bench. 

Because he didn't know how to comfort Shi Qing. 

Jing Yuanqi realized why he didn't go in directly because he almost didn't respond to what he was thinking. 

He, who has always thought of himself as a player, naturally knows what this idea represents. 

He really likes Shiqing. 

I was just bored and had a good time. 

As a result, he took it seriously. 

Now Jing Yuanqi felt like a fire in his heart. He wanted to burn all the people who made Shiqing sad, and he wanted to burn all the people who had such thoughts. 

Jing Yuanqi felt that he should not be like this. 

He just wanted to make fun of the boring life. 

He never thought he would really like someone. 

In the view that Jing Yuanqi has always adhered to from childhood to adulthood, it is the most stupid way to give up a whole forest and tie himself to a tree. 

Although he only stirs up such a tree. 

At this moment, an idea suddenly came out of Jing Yuanqi's heart. 

Does Shiqing like him? 

Although he had been telling Shiqing, he was special to Shiqing. 

Shi Qing never answered. 

Jing Yuanqi consulted the doctor after the incident. 

This kind of disease can make the patient's perception weaker, but since Shi Qing likes to eat devil's pepper, it shows that he is not like those patients who can't live to 25 years old, and can't feel pain completely. 

It is possible that severe pain can make him feel a little weak, so he likes to eat devil's pepper, because for him, the spicy degree of devil's pepper can just make him feel the pain.His behavior of sharing devil pepper is to enlighten Jingyuan. 

But after Jing Yuanqi implicitly expressed that he had been harassed (understood by the doctor), he expressed his rejection orally, but his body almost never evaded it. The doctor politely said that Jing Yuanqi could go to a psychologist to have a look. 

Jing Yuanqi went to see a psychologist again. 

Psychologist: "according to Mr. Jing's character and disease, it is very likely that Mr. Shi would not dare to contact others because of his illness, because there is a high probability that an unintentional act of others will hurt Mr. Shi." 

"He has never been in contact with others and is insensitive in perception. In this way, even though he seems to be able to keep away from others even though he looks thousands of miles away, he will be expected to be contacted by others in his heart, but most people will choose to stay away from Mr. Shi because of his indifference." 

"At this time, Mr. Jing, you appeared. You said that Mr. Shi used to show his favor to you with devil's pepper, but he did not welcome you when you leaned up. In fact, Mr. Shi has been used to treating people with indifference, and he can't change it." 

"But at the same time, he is eager for company and contact with people, so he will not exclude physical contact with you as you said, because for him, it is a kind of behavior that can comfort him." 

After the analysis, the doctor said, "of course, most of the reasons for your mode of getting along with each other are due to Mr. Jing's Well... " 

Thinking of Jing Yuanqi's reward, he couldn't directly say such derogatory words as shameless and shameless. 

A more commendatory words: "because Mr. Jing, your persistent behavior, like Mr. Shi's character, as long as you do not give up, he will take you basically no way." 

When Jing Yuanqi understood, he asked him a question he cared about most: "we have been together in this mode for nearly ten days. Will he feel about me?" 

"You still have something that attracts Mr. Shi. Mr. Shi's personality analysis is quite arrogant. Even if he is eager for contact with others, no one can do it. As for the feeling It's up to you, Mr. Jing, to feel it yourself. " 

After answering his question, the psychiatrist euphemistically said that physical harassment and verbal harassment to others, even to those who like them, are also signs of illness (mental illness). 

At the end of the euphemism, he was very professional and said that he could solve the sick behavior of Jing Yuanqi. 

Jingyuanqi did not bird him, staring at people, signed a confidentiality contract, and directly rushed to the hospital. 

And then it's now. 

He was sitting in the corridor, his mind in a mess. 

According to the doctor's words, Shi Qing acquiesced in his movements because he was ill. 

He was also sick because of his illness. 

It's all bullshit. 

Jing Yuanqi rubbed and emptied the doctor's words in his mind. 

Even if he is ill, he doesn't want to change. 

High quality is wheezing to run over, "brother Jing, I bought the wine you want." 

The young man rubbed his face, and when he stood up again, his face had already raised a familiar sunny smile, "give it to me." 

High quality handed it over. 

Then standing in the corridor, watching Jing Yuanqi pull out the wire and skillfully pry the lock to open the door. 

As soon as he entered the door, the young man went straight to Shi Qing, and held him full. 

High quality: 

In fact, he had a vague feeling that there was something wrong between brother and Jing Yuanqi. 

After all, Jing Yuanqi would like to live in Shige's room. 

He put his hand over his eyes and closed the door. 

In the house, Shi Qing just finished watching the TV play, and then he lay down and pretended to sleep after counting the time. As a result, he lay down for less than ten minutes and was held by people from behind. 

Jing Yuanqi hugged him across the quilt. Because of the distance, the hot breath could spray on his ear lobes with his words. 

"Teacher Shi." 

Shi Qing listened to his voice as if he had not had a good rest for a long time. His voice was hoarse and tired: "I heard that intimate activities can decompress..." 

With that, the young man stretched out his hand slowly and gently reached into the quilt. The ending of the roll was low: 

"I'll get a white coat. How about playing the game between doctors and patients?" 

Shi Qing: Well, it's still familiar. 

He moved his shoulder. "Don't press on me." 

"It's cold." 

Jing Yuanqi got up obediently, picked up the bag on the bed and shrugged: "OK, actually I'm here to find the teacher to drink." 

Shi Qing: "I don't drink." 

"Drink it." 

The young man gathered up in front of the film emperor and squinted with a smile: "has the teacher ever had a drink with someone?" 

The indifference on the film emperor's face seems to have become a little gloomy. He moved his body, and the colorful lips on the other side opened and closed: "No."Jing Yuanqi opened two bottles of wine, and handed one to Shi Qing. His eyes were full of charm, just like a monster trying to seduce people. 

"That's not the first time I got it." 

The movie emperor looked at a bottle of wine in front of him, his eyes flashed, and finally he took it. 

It's not hard to get a frustrated person drunk. 

In particular, even if his appearance no matter how cold, the inside is still not good to refuse. 

After drinking all the wine he bought, Jing Yuanqi watched with satisfaction when he was drunk and lying on the bed. 

His black and bright eyes, always with indifference and rejection, are now like a wave of light, eyes containing water. He is looking at the ceiling with a little confusion and confusion. His red lips are slightly open and closed, as if he is shouting something, but it is silent. 

Jing Yuanqi pressed down slowly. 

"Teacher Shi, are you calling me?" 

The film emperor's eyes flashed blankly, but soon, that always indifferent face showed a bit of joy. 

He murmured something and held Jing Yuanqi for the first time. 

The mussel was caught, but the youth was not in a hurry to eat. 

He lowered his voice. "Do you like me, Mr. Shi?" 

The film emperor blinked dully, and looked at the man above. His eyebrows were slightly twisted with some doubts. He held out his hand and held the soft flesh of Jing Yuanqi's cheek. 

"Why don't you laugh?" 

Jing Yuanqi raised a sunny smile on his face. He laughed low and touched the delicate white earlobe. His voice was proud: "do you like my smile so much?" 

The film emperor obediently replied, "I like it." 

So the youth became more and more proud. 

And when he is proud, drunk, it is not like the past so indifferent film emperor vaguely up, a hold on him. 

A lot of kisses. 

[Tong, he's caught. ] 

[you can go to the Tao Te Ching. ] 





 After a drunken night. 

The next morning, when the nurse came to change her medicine with a tray, Jing Yuanqi picked up the clothes that had been crumpled on the ground. 

The youth's action is light handed, because when Qing Zheng a face peaceful lie on the bed to sleep. 

He covered his soft spine skin, then slowly opened the curtain to breathe. 

He really didn't expect that when he drank the wine, it would be so fierce. 

Although he got his wish, Jing Yuanqi did not dare to be too happy because of the injury on his back. 

In addition, when he drank the wine, the power of control was inexplicably in his hands. 

He seems to have become a plowing cow, led all the way. 

In fact, at the fifth time, Jing Yuanqi felt that something was wrong. 

But he was afraid of the time when he was hurt, and he didn't dare to resist too hard, and at that time, he was still a little happy. 

After all, people who have been provocative are so active. 

Although it's fun to watch the movie emperor frown at ordinary times, it's more popular for young people to open up that way. 

But he didn't like it seven times. 

It was also his first experience before Jing Yuanqi. 

The first time he played the game, he was forced to output one night, took the shooter, and became a Zhao Zilong on the battle of Changbanpo. It was not easy for him to hold on until dawn. 

But men can't say no. 

From active output to passive output, the youth had to coax the drunk film emperor in a low voice. 

In the past, he could talk a lot of sweet words. 

Last night, he was the contribution of the mouth can spit out sweet words under the nose above the chin tool. 

It was not easy to coax the drunken film emperor to sleep, and it was already light. 

Jing Yuanqi touched his aching throat and turned to open the door of the ward. The nurse's sister was already familiar with him. He was not surprised to see him in the ward. He looked carefully at Shi Qing, who was still sleeping with his eyes closed: 

"Mr. Jing, is Mr. Shi better?" 

"It's better. You go and give him some medicine." 

Jing Yuanqi rubbed his sour and soft waist, but he didn't show an uncomfortable look on his face. 

His original intention is to help the film emperor to solve the knot at the same time, take advantage of the danger. 

The result is still the same as previously thought. 

But why did he feel that he was the one who took advantage of the mussel meat? 

Jing Yuanqi felt that he thought too much. 

According to Shi Qing's character, even if he was delirious after drinking wine last night, he suppressed Jing Yuanqi throughout the whole process, but once he woke up, he would not have such emotions as complacency. 

He went out to buy breakfast and plaster. 

When Qing was awakened by the tender voice of the nurse's little sister, lying on the bed, with the back facing upward, let the nurse's little sister change the dressing. 

A host was very proud: 

[it was a wonderful night. I and I, the sick clothes and him, although I had imagined many times to do something about this xiaolanghuabei on the bed, I did it ] 

after reading the Tao Te Ching all night, I turned to see the temptation system of the village. Listening to the voice of the host's exclamation, he guessed: "it's not so good? ] 

[no, I want to do it a hundred times. ] 

System: [ ] 

[well, the night passed too fast, but when I thought about the way he struggled to get up last night and was pressed down by me, his mouth was red and his water was moist. Tut tut. ] 

Shi Qing recalled that after Jing Yuanqi was released by him last night, he narrowed his peach blossom eyes slightly, and wiped his lips like a fox, which made him a tut again. 

[I can't see that he is so strong at ordinary times and obedient in bed. ] 

System: [ ] 

it thinks that the source of Jing Yuanqi's "obedience" is that the host does not need to maintain human settings after being "drunk". 

Shi Qing: [when I saw him on the windowsill, his eyes were red. I thought he was crying. I thought it was me. What did he cry about? Later, he coughed twice. I found that he was choked. ] 

System: [ ] 

[host, in fact, you don't have to say such details, that my age is still a baby in the system. ] 

Shi Qing: [you have been with me for more than 200 years, are you still a baby? Forget it, when you are not a baby, I will share these happiness with you. How about the rejection of xiaolanghuabei? ] 

speaking of this, the system immediately became happy. 

[Jing Yuanqi's repulsion: 22 out of 100] 

Shiqing was once again a meal: "if only we spent such a night, we would be able to reduce the rejection degree wildly. ] 

the system is beautiful: [the host can try it] 

[no need to try. He won't fall down any more on such nights. This is the personality of this person. If he eats his mouth, he doesn't know how to cherish it. ] System: [but his rejection rate is 22, which is very low. ] 

[without stimulation, he will rise again after a long time. ] 

the little sister of the nurse changed the medicine carefully. Shiqing couldn't feel the pain, so she turned her head and asked, "is the wound cracked?" 

Nurse little sister: "no, Mr. Shi, you don't have to worry. Your injury is not serious. As long as you don't exercise hard, you will be fine." 

Shi Qing thinks so. 

After all, Jing Yuanqi didn't let his back face down last night, and there was no movement that could affect the wound. 

[Tong, I ponder that the xiaolanghuabei is going to be a demon. ] 

System: [demon? But he was repellent ] 

[it has nothing to do with the degree of exclusion. His personality is like this. When he reaches his hand, he starts to be unscrupulous. I guess if he sees me with a cold attitude, he may want to find a three to stimulate me. ] 

System: [???)??? ] Is he sick?? Why three. ] 

[of course, you don't understand his brain circuit. It's not looking for a three, but looking for a three. Even if you like a person, you'll hate that person to please him. Although he seems to be very enthusiastic before, in fact, in his opinion, it's all early payment, and when you eat your mouth, you'll have to ask for a reward. ] 

System: [ ] 

when he was lying on his stomach quietly: 

he was lying on his stomach quietly: [a normal person can't do this kind of thing. He is a character defect, should you understand? ] 

just immersed in the system of "my host is really a big man", an exciting spirit. 

Stuttering: [system, system don't understand. ] 

[what kind of character, I haven't heard of it, haven't seen it, never heard of it!! ] 

[do you really understand? His character is frivolous. ] 

System: [!!! ] 

Shi Qing: [Yin Ming Zheng is upright. ] 

System: [ ] 

System: [host, this has changed the world. Can we not mention the last world? ] 

Shi Qing: [don't you wonder how I know? ] 

System: [face to death. JPG] 

System: [viterbaba. JPG] 

the system still can't resist: [wuwuwu host, how do you know they are one person? ] 

the tone of Shi Qing is exaggerated: [are they one person? Oh, my God, I never knew. If you said I didn't know the system, thank you for telling me. ] 

[Oh, by the way, can't you tell me? It doesn't matter. I wish I didn't know. Look, I pretended not to know before. You don't know. Do you know what you think I don't know? ] 

every current is filled with the word "know":??? ] 

System: [ ] 

at last, it couldn't bear it and cried out. 

[OK, don't cry, don't cry. ] 

[Jing Yuanqi's character is very simple. The more difficult it is to get, the more he cherishes it in his heart. Therefore, it is very simple to reduce the degree of exclusion and let him not get it. ] 

Shi Qing closed his eyes comfortably: 

[it's time for me to get back to the court after he's been enjoying himself for so many days. ] 

when Jing Yuanqi took his breakfast and walked to the hospital corridor, his expression had returned to his former extravagance. 

Cui Yunqing rushed over early in the morning. As soon as he came out of the ward, he happened to meet Jing Yuanqi. Silly Bai Tian happily laughed at him: "brother Jing, you also come to see the teacher." 

"Yes, I bought some porridge. I have the best relationship with Shi teacher. Of course, I have to take care of it." 

Jingyuan Qizheng said, Cui Yunqing smelt suspiciously: "brother Jing, have you pasted the plaster? How can I smell a plaster? " 

Jing Yuanqi: 

The young man pressed the skin outside the spine, which was too high and sour, with a smile on his face: "nothing. I twisted my waist." 

"Did the teacher wake up?" 

"I wake up and I'm on the phone. It seems to me that I'm with my family. I'll come out for a while. When the teacher calls, I'll go in." 

Hearing three words from his family, Jing Yuanqi's eyes flashed. 

He still looked on his face, and his smile was natural: "Oh, by the way, Xiao Cui, I just bought too much breakfast and couldn't get it. So I put some on the table on the first floor. Would you please take it for me?" 

"Oh, yes, no problem." Cui Yunqing really silly letter, put the mask on his face again and went to the elevator. 

Because of the event of Shiqing, who was originally unknown, he also had a little fame, so it's better to be careful. 

As soon as Cui Yunqing left, Jing Yuanqi immediately put down his things and approached the door to listen to the movement inside. 

The film emperor's voice is still cold, but this time his tone reveals a sense of rejection and disgust. He rarely said a long string of words: "is it not normal that I didn't tell you that I was sick? When did you care about me? How many times have you called me when I left home? ""Well, I don't want to talk about it, that's it." 

Listening to the phone, Jing Yuanqi seemed to hang up. He wrote down what Shi Qing said in his heart. He opened the door and walked in: "teacher Shi." 

The film emperor has already hung up the phone. Seeing that it is Jing Yuanqi, he looks stunned and drops his mobile phone on the table. 

Jing Yuanqi: "I seem to hear you talking just now. Who should I call?" 

"My father," he said 

The word "father" is relatively indifferent to Dad. 

In addition to the phone tone overheard before, Jing Yuanqi also roughly guessed that the relationship between Shi Qing and his family should be bad. 

He raised his eyebrows, and an idea came out of his heart. 

In his heart, he was chuckling and braving bad water. Cui Yunqing, who was fooled downstairs, came up: "brother Jing, I didn't see anything on the table below?" 

"Maybe the cleaner thought it was rubbish and threw it away." 

Jing Yuanqi blabbered: "by the way, Xiao Cui, I seem to have heard the director say that you want to make up this morning. How did you come to the hospital?" 

Cui Yunqing looked confused: "do you want to make up for it? I didn't get a notice. " 

"Maybe it's too busy to forget. Why don't you go to the troupe first, and don't delay the work. If only the teacher had me here." 

Cui Yunqing: "is that breakfast enough? Shall I order a takeout? " 

"No 

Jing Yuanqi looked at the silent film emperor with profound meaning and licked his lips gently: "it's good for the teacher to eat these alone." 

"I've had porridge. It's white." 

It's still very thick. ] 

System: 

It actually understood whether it was no longer pure. 

Among the people and systems present, only Cui Yunqing really thought Jing Yuanqi was talking about porridge. 

He nodded and said goodbye to Shi Qing and left at ease. 

Once again, only Shi Qing and Jing Yuanqi were left in the ward. 

"Teacher Shi, let me feed you." 

The nature of Jing Yuan's smile. 

"You can go," he said 

The smile on the youth's face fell. 

He asked: "we are raw rice cooked cooked rice, when the teacher is still not willing to accept me?" 

Knowing that Shi Qing couldn't make a dull sound with such a stick, Jing Yuanqi insisted: "does the teacher dislike me? You like me very much, why don't you accept me? " 

He is like a leopard with a tail swinging and patiently preying. He pretends to be impatient on his face and makes trouble to the prey. 

"Teacher, I also have a bottom line." 

Shi Qing didn't answer. 

He doesn't need to answer. 

Although he knew that Jing Yuanqi had no bottom line. 

This person decided that Shi Qing was the kind of person who would not accept his own temperament without some stimulation. 

Jing Yuanqi left. 

He didn't appear in front of Shiqing for several days. 

Of course, he didn't do anything. 

At least in the past few days, he has checked up and down the film emperor's internal and external affairs. 

He wants to force Shiqing to accept him. 

Then we can only start with the people who are hated by Shiqing. 

On the day of Shi Qing's discharge, Jing Yuanqi arrived. 

Not only came, but also with a beautiful boy. 

Chen Rong, the stepbrother of the Qing Dynasty. 

According to the information he found, Shi Qing had a bad relationship with his stepbrother, even because he ran away from home, gave up finance and came to the entertainment industry. 

It's not as good as a deep hatred. 

It is absolutely the best choice for him to find Chen Ronglai to stimulate Shiqing. 

Jing Yuanqi doesn't like Chen Rong very much. 

Not only because his heart is higher than the sky, once he knew the identity of Jing Yuanqi, he eagerly came up to him, but also because he talked about the contemptuous and superior of the Qing Dynasty. 

"My brother is very strange. He didn't like me since I was a child. Aiming at me, I have been bullied since I was young." 

Jing Yuanqi, ha ha. 

When Qing that character, others do not bully him is good, but also bully others. 

Chen Rong: "brother Jing, you and your brother are friends. It must be very difficult to get along with each other. That is to say, you have a good heart and come to take him out of hospital." 

Said, he also cheerful smile: "although I am a little afraid of elder brother, but king elder brother you are here, I am not so afraid." 

Jing Yuanqi pulled the corners of his mouth and gave him a smile. 

Chen Rong's realm is not enough for Jing Yuanqi. 

He knew why Shiqing didn't do it and ran to the entertainment industry to suffer. 

Isn't this stepbrother a proper white lotus? 

I'm sure there's no remission at home. 

Chen Rong said something and wanted to hold his arm. Jing Yuanqi quickly moved to the side."When the time comes, you can pretend." 

Chen Rong wrinkled her delicate eyebrows and tried to say something. Seeing Jing Yuanqi's impatience, he still didn't dare to export again. 

What he said was true. When Shiqing was a child, he bullied him. Although he retaliated and bullied him back, he ran people away. 

But it's not natural or useless. Even if Shiqing falls out with his family, his mother has been helping him to please his father, but his father still wants to leave all the things at home to Shiqing. 

Chen Rong thought about the bottom of his heart is not willing. 

By what ah, early in the morning to run to the entertainment industry, take care of his father has always been his mother and he, even if there is no blood relationship and so on! 

This time, the eldest young master of the king's family came to him. He must seize the opportunity and trample on Shiqing thoroughly. 

Two people are each carrying on the ghost, when Qing came out. 

The film emperor's face was ruddy and his spirit was good. 

High quality at his side: "brother Shi, be careful, this way..." 

When Qing just walked no two steps, raised his eyes to see them, the pace suddenly stopped, the eyes showed a little can't believe. 

"Brother!" 

Chen Rongli immediately glows and heats up with a loud cry. He grabs Shiqing's arm, and his eyebrows and eyes are full of complacency. 

"I heard you were injured and hospitalized. I'll take my boyfriend to see you." 

One side of the high-quality foot slip, almost did not fall, a face muddled look at Jing Yuanqi: "brother Jing?" 

Didn't you have an affair with their brother two days ago? 

Jing Yuanqi looked at Shi Qing with satisfaction. His face suddenly turned white, and then he stepped forward: "yes, my boyfriend." 

Sorry. 

A person, he can tolerate people who are rejected by himself and others. 

But he can't bear to be with his enemies. 

The young man cocked up the corners of his mouth with satisfaction, waiting for Shiqing to shake off Chen Rong's hand. 

At this time, his mood must be the most intense. 

I'm sure we can take it in one fell swoop. 

Thinking of the clam in his arms, Jing Yuanqi's Fox eyes narrowed with a smile. 

However, Shi Qing did not shake off Chen Rong's hand. 

He just looked at Chen Rong and Jing Yuanqi with a white face. 

"You Together? " 

Even the voice was trembling. 

The film emperor's response was far beyond the expectation of the youth. 

His eyes were full of contentment: "yes." 

Then, he saw the pain in his eyes. 

It's the kind of eyes that take away people you like. 

A pair of black eyes, as if with tears. 

But Shi Qing looked at Chen Rong rather than Jing Yuanqi. 

Jing Yuanqi: 

When he watched, his eyelashes trembled. His indifferent face now took on his frailty and gently held Chen Rong in front of him. 

Cold voice at the moment became depressed and low: "brother, I wish you happiness." 

Chen Rong: 

What situation, when clear took wrong medicine?? 

Jing Yuanqi, who wants to stimulate Shiqing, is stiff on his face. 

His brain flashed through the pictures of the days and the times. 

I like Cui Yunqing's eyebrows. 

I like his smile. 

All of these things together, they become Chen Rong. 

This white lotus flower with a pair of delicate eyebrows and a bright smile that can't be fake. 

It was meant to be exciting. 

It turned out that he was stimulated. 

Jing Yuanqi's suppressed little flame suddenly burst into the sky. 

The string in the young man's head, called reason, is broken. 

He was so angry that he pulled Chen Rong apart and looked at him with fire in his eyes: 

"what do you mean?? What do you have with him?? What have you done?! He's your stepbrother. You know what 

The film emperor shook off his hand. "What are you talking about? What have you done? I just want to..." 

"I can't think of it! I think so! " 

Chen Rong, who didn't know what was going on, pulled Jing Yuanqi's arm: "brother Jing, what's the matter..." 

Jing Yuanqi seemed to be bitten by a crocodile, and quickly shook off his hand. 

"I tell you Chen Rong, don't appear in front of me in the future, especially Shiqing. Don't see him again." 

Chen Rong: 

"But it's not brother Jing. You let me..." 

"I'll make you a * * go away!" 

Jing Yuanqi held up the film emperor directly and walked away with great strides. 

In that case, it seems that if you take a slow step, the person in your arms will be robbed. 

Chen Rong, with a blank face, watched as jingyuanqi was holding him. When he ran, he leaned out of his shoulder.Raised eyebrows at him. 

Although he didn't speak, he saw a little bit of the conspiracy on his expressionless face. 

Chen Rong: 

He didn't know what was going on, but he felt like he was in a rut. 

And this scene Yuanqi, as I said before, was crazy. 

A bunch of psychopaths!





 Jing Yuanqi embraces Shiqing, all the way to the hospital with sparks and lightning. 

His face was gloomy. His legs had been long and had been practiced. He quickened his speed. Even if he held a person, he was still as fast as lightning. 

Thanks to the fact that there are not many people in the hospital now, I'm afraid that the news of "being a popular Princess embracing the film emperor" will appear on the hot search list. 

The nurse's little sister was tidying up the bed when the door kicked open from the outside. 

She looked back in surprise, stupidly looking at the young man who was holding Shiqing's face full of anger: "Mr. Jing, Mr. Shi?" 

Didn't they all go through the discharge procedures? 

What's more, she remembers that Mr. Shi didn't hurt his back? How come they were brought in. 

Although Jing Yuanqi was confused by anger, he was still a bit rational. He took a deep breath and said in a stiff voice, "I'm sorry, I've lost something when I think about it." 

"Well, you can find it first, and let us know when it's ready." 

The nurse's little sister is out. 

As soon as the outsider left, the anger on Jing Yuanqi's face became uncontrollable. 

He directly wants to throw the person in his arms onto the bed. The first two seconds before throwing, he remembers that there is a wound behind his back. 

Can only hold back to bend gently put the person on the bed. 

"Come on, what's wrong with you and Chen Rong?" 

When Qing frowned and sat upright on the bed: "I haven't asked you, what's wrong with you and Arong?" 

"Are you with him? Does he know that you are such a man? " 

"What kind of person am I 

Jing Yuanqi completely lost his previous safe bet and blew up: "what? Do you think I'm not the same as your stepbrother at all. You see my real face and want to break up with me 

The movie emperor's eyebrows wrinkled even more severely. He even raised his eyes to Jing Yuanqi: "don't talk about the topic. What's the matter with you and Arong?" 

"Me and him? Me and him?!! It's you and him 

Like a cat in a manic state, Jing Yuanqi's hair was blown up. 

If he has hair. 

After two rounds of anger in the room, he turned around again and pointed to Shi Qing's hands shaking: 

"tell me clearly, what do you mean by his eyes?? What do you mean by what you said to him!! He's your brother. You're a younger brother in the Hukou book. Don't you know that 

As if he had been punctured, the indifference of the film emperor's face showed a bit of embarrassment. He lowered his eyes and said in a soft voice: "we are not related by blood, let alone I just want to..." 

"Think of a ghost! Don't think about it 

Jing Yuan Qi breathed heavily. In order to calm down, he could only walk around the room. 

The young man took a deep breath and tried to calm himself down. "So, what you like is not Cui Yunqing's eyebrows, but his Chen Rong's, and what you like is not my smile. It's because I smile like his mother's Chen Rong -" 

-- bang! 

He couldn't say any more and kicked him directly on the bedside table. 

What a surprise. 

All day long, he was pecked by the goose. 

He thought that he could get rid of it by stimulating. 

I didn't expect that he wasn't in the end. 

Don't say it's exciting. I'd like to congratulate him on finding the next spring. 

Jing Yuanqi exhaled hard and strode to the film emperor again: "I said you were so active last night. What you saw was not me, but Chen Rong." 

"I don't have one." 

Shi Qing raised his head all of a sudden, and his face, which had no waves, was dyed with beautiful red, even the white earlobe became red. 

His eyelashes blinked quickly, but his eyes were a little shy: "I don't have Think of Aron. " 

In this way, I think clearly. 

It has always been the cold iceberg people shy down, revealing the beauty enough to make people look dazzled. 

But Jing Yuanqi is about to explode in situ. 

"Are you really thinking about him and me?? Are you blind? I'm not better than him 

"You've been thinking about that bitch all the time??? That's ugly! White lotus again! I've been setting you up against your Slut 

"Jingyuanqi!" 

The film emperor suddenly lowered his face and stood up. His eyes were full of displeasure: "don't slander Arong." 

"I haven't asked you what happened to you and Aron. Did you cheat him? Arong is simple and can't see what kind of person you are, but he has my brother. If you dare to apologize to him, I will certainly not let you go. " 

Jing Yuanqi has completely exploded. 

"He is simple?!!! He is simple?!!!! He's simple"Do you know why he came with me?!! Just because he wants to stimulate you and make you angry, he is simple?! Where have you been to my intelligence?! How can he be blind and deaf in the face of it! " 

The film emperor was stunned. 

"Aron, he's not with you?" 

Seeing that he seemed to be saved, the young man tried to suppress his anger, and he replied with a hard line: "no, he is deliberately angry with you with me. Do you understand?" 

"Intentionally..." 

The fundus of the eyes gradually brightened. 

Looking at him like this, Jing Yuanqi suddenly felt bad. 

Sure enough, the next moment, the film emperor looked at him with hope, and his cold voice seemed to take joy: "why does he want to stimulate me?" 

"Did he treat me as well..." 

Jing Yuanqi: 

Jing Yuanqi: 

"No!" 

He was so mad that he couldn't see, "are you blind? Can't you see he's a schemer?? You like him, he hates you 

The young man can't cover up his investigation of the past Qing. He used an angry voice to give Shi Qingshu one by one: "when you were a child, he pretended to be ill at your award-winning party and asked your father to accompany him. When he was 15 years old, he locked you in the bathroom. When you were 18 years old, he stole the car your father gave you, went out and hit people and planted it on you And when you first went to college... " 

"It was all a misunderstanding." 

Shi Qing interrupted Jing Yuanqi's words, and his eyes were full of disapproval: "that award, he was to finish his homework early, just fell ill, locked in the bathroom because I played a trick on him before, he was angry and normal, and there was a collision. He drove out to buy me a gift." 

The system pops up and says, "host, really? ] 

[no, Chen Rong did it on purpose. The reason why he locked the toilet was that the owner had blocked him and beaten him. The owner knew that Chen Rong wanted to take his own car and deliberately broke the brake to let him die, but Chen Rong was better at skills and married him. ] 

System: [ ] 

Jing Yuanqi was also in the following position: 

The youth held back for a long time, holding out four words: "you are not saved." 

He has never been as powerless as he is now, and always thinks he is in the lead of the relationship. 

As a result, I found that I was a stand in, instead of Chen Rong's disgusting thing. It would be nice if my mind didn't collapse. 

He, Jing Yuanqi, has a lot of means and admits to be a powerful man. 

But lost in the hands of Chen Rong, a white lotus schemer. 

But when he was blind, he couldn't see Chen Rongzhen's face, but he didn't care whether he was very sad or not. Instead, he opened his eyes and gently grasped Jing Yuanqi's sleeve with a small force. 

"So you and Aron are not together?" 

Jing Yuanqi: If I say no, do you still want to chase him? " 

The movie emperor's ears are red to drip blood. 

He was a little stammering in his speech 

Jing Yuanqi: "what's wrong??? You really want to chase him?! " 

He exploded in place again. 

After the explosion, the youth despairingly found that Shiqing did not respond to his anger at all. 

Yeah, it was, wasn't it? 

No matter how provocative he is, there is no extra expression on Shi Qing's face. 

Before, he thought Shiqing was cold-blooded. 

Now it seems that, where is the cold temper ah, this is clearly do not care about him Jing Yuanqi! 

I don't care. Of course, there will be no facial fluctuation because of his emotional fluctuation. 

Jing Yuanqi tried to make himself calm. 

He has only one idea now. 

That is to hook the blind Shiqing from Chen Rong. 

The young man took a deep, deep breath. 

He sat next to the film emperor, slowly held the man in his arms, used the charm tone of the past, lowered the magnetic voice, and coaxed: 

"when the teacher, he is your brother, even if there is no blood relationship, you are also a household register, even if you have some..." 

Speaking of this, Jing Yuanqi's voice gnashing his teeth: "irrational, unstable, blind and impulsive incorrect ideas, you should also know that you are impossible." 

When Qing pushed him, he did not push away, but let the youth who felt his pushing force hold closer. 

Jing Yuanqi continued: "but I'm different. We're a perfect couple. I'm not better than Chen Rong?" 

He slowly lowered his body and lay down on Shiqing's knee. He took the shadow emperor's hand and asked him to touch his face with his cool fingertips. 

The voice was long and charming. "Am I not good? Am I not strong? That Chen Rong is weak and weak. I was seven times yesterday. Am I not better than him? I don't think he can hold on three times"And 

He climbed up slowly like a young snake, deliberately lengthened his voice, and said in his ear: 

"I like to drink porridge very much." 

"Especially It's your porridge. " 

He is too much of a negotiator and wants to agree. ] 

the system that has been self-locking and modified has become the pure little cute again. 

What kind of porridge? Where is porridge? ] 

is very exciting. 

But for the sake of a long-term future, he resolutely pushed away the young people who were clinging to him. His voice was cold: 

"don't belittle ah Rong." 

Jing Yuanqi: 

He felt like he was puffer fish. 

It's the kind that pops when you poke it. 

"Good!! Good 

The youth suddenly stood up, his face was uncontrollable Fury: "you wait for me! Sooner or later, I will let you know what kind of rubbish you like Chen Rong! " 

Bang! 

After slamming the door in, he slammed the door out again. 

Shi Qing shrugged and got up. 

The system asks quietly, "host, did you expect this before? ] 

Shi Qing: [yes, isn't it easy? I don't agree with Jing Yuanqi's character. He will certainly find someone to stimulate me. As for who to look for, the worse the relationship is, the greater the effect will be. He will check the information again, and there is no one else except Chen Rong. ] 

[it's just that Chen Rong is a troublemaker, and I'm too lazy to deal with him. Jing Yuanqi protects food. If I encounter this situation, I will definitely target Chen Rong and sober up his personality defect brain, and conduct routine operation. ] 

the system wrote down in a hurry: 

routine. ] In the next few days, Jing Yuanqi and Chen Rong were together every day. 

Don't like money, take Chen Rong around to play, buy luxury goods. 

Although Chen Rong was Shi Qing's stepbrother, he was rich every month compared with ordinary families by flattering his stepfather. However, his stepfather's person was a clever little son, who was not easy to spend money, so he felt very miserable. 

As a result, Jing Yuanqi appeared. 

These days, Jing Yuanqi doesn't hide anything about his wealth from Chen Rong. 

It's not loud enough to carry the name of the eldest young master of the Jing family alone. But Jing Yuanqi is a business genius. After so long, his own industry is much more powerful than that of the Jing family. 

What is the founder of C company, chairman of N group. 

Every one can be carried out to fight Jingjia. 

Apart from that day, Jing Yuanqi's inexplicable anger made him go away. Chen Rong was very satisfied with him. 

After that, Jing Yuanqi came to him to apologize. 

Chen Rong's eyes are all on Jing Yuanqi, such a big fortune, even when the signature can be C company. 

If he is with Jing Yuanqi, where does he need to go to please his stepfather and find a way to get rid of Shiqing, he will directly sit in a high position. 

Chen Rongxiang is very beautiful, and he believes that Jing Yuanqi likes himself more and more. 

In addition to going to various places to play, they usually listen to Jing Yuanqi to express his dissatisfaction with Shiqing. 

At this time, Chen Rong will join in and speak ill of Shi Qing. 

After a week or so, Jing Yuanqi said that Shiqing's wound was completely healed, and the crew told them to go back. 

When he finished, he sighed that he really didn't want to cooperate with Shi Qing. If he could make a comparison, it would be nice, for example Beating my brother or something. 

This is Chen rongqiang item!! 

He immediately confidently patted his chest and said that there was no problem. He would visit the crew tomorrow to ensure that Shi Qing's reputation would be greatly reduced. 

Jing Yuanqi went to the crew in advance that night, looked inside and outside, and finally found a good place where there was neither monitoring nor people. 

He wanted to let Shi Qing see what Chen Rong was, not to damage his reputation. 

*On the second day, Jing Yuan came out of the meeting and was rejected. 

He tried to hold his breath and made a phone call to Chen Rong, who had not yet come. 

Chen Rong didn't think he could make an appointment at all, but with a try mentality, he sent a text message to make an appointment. As a result, he immediately said he would come. 

He felt more and more that Shi Qing was taking the wrong medicine. 

But it doesn't matter. From today on, Shiqing will become a stumbling block for him to step on his feet forever. 

Jing Yuanqi arrived first. He walked around again to make sure that there was no one to monitor. Then he called Chen Rong and asked him to ask him to come over. He also promised: "don't worry. I'm ready to monitor him. You just have to frame him and I'll do the rest." 

To make sure it was all right, he set up a telescope and squatted in the best place to watch from a distance. 

He could probably guess what the white lotus would do.It's nothing more than to create visual effects that make people look like they were hit by Shi Qing from a certain angle, and then the face is injured in advance, and it's OK. 

Chen Rong is full of confidence. 

He made an appointment with Shi Qing, and they met in this small corner without any one. 

Chen Rongtai knows how to anger the stepbrother. 

"Brother, let me tell you a secret. In fact, my father said that I am much better than your own son." 

He was going to say a few more words. When he was angry, Shi Qing saw his stepbrother step forward two steps and made a fist in his face. 

The fist was too hard. 

Chen Rong's tears and snot all of a sudden came down, his eyes a burst of black, the whole person was beaten and fell to the ground, finally got up, wiped his nose, a handful of blood. 

I haven't seen you for so long. Is Shiqing so exciting? 

Chen Rong side pain, side can not help laughing, he raised his head, proud to see to this oneself can never compare stepbrother: "you are still as stupid as before." 

The movie emperor, who has never made a sound, now shows a look of panic on his face, and suddenly squats down to help him. "Aron, are you ok?" 

Chen Rong: 

He shook off his stepbrother's hand and climbed up with difficulty. While climbing, he sneered: "it's useless. You've been photographed like that just now, waiting for you to be ruined." 

Seeing that it was done, Jing Yuanqi came over full of contentment. 

"Brother Jing!" 

As soon as Chen Rong saw him coming, he rushed to him and said, "look at me, I've been beaten up by him!" 

Jing Yuanqi took a look at the puzzled film emperor, and then looked up and down his nose bleeding. Chen Rong, whose face was blue and purple, clapped his hands: 

"very good. You are very professional. Look at the makeup, it's the same as the real one." 

Chen Rong quickly explained, "no, brother Jing, it's true. It's Shiqing. You have to avenge me!" 

It's Shi Qing's turn to play. He quickly steps forward to pull Chen Rong's hand. His face is dazed and anxious. His cold voice carries a trace of trill: "a Rong, it's not me. I didn't hit you. Do you want to worry, do you want to see the injury..." 

"Get out of here, now you know you're afraid?" 

Chen Rong threw people away, and his heart was full of pride. 

Jing Yuanqi looked at Shiqing, who was standing in the same place, and was very proud. 

He went straight forward and hugged Shi Qing from behind: "teacher Shi, do you see now? Chen Rong is not as innocent as you think. He hates you to death. In order to frame you, he does not hesitate to make such a bureau. " 

"Look, you didn't hit him, but he pretended to be like this. Now you know who is your best choice." 

Caught off guard, Chen Rong saw this scene: 

Chen Rong: "brother Jing, what are you doing?? I was really beaten by him! The wound on his face was really hit by him 

It's strange that Jing Yuanqi believed it. 

Shi Qing likes Chen Rong so much, how can he be willing to beat him. 

He just hugged the small prey in his arms and raised his eyebrows impatiently: "OK, it's none of your business. Go wash the wounds on your face and get out of here." 

Chen Rong: Really! My wound is real 

Jing Yuanqi squinted and thought it was a bit real. 

"You can ah, actually in order to frame up the teacher, specially let people beat themselves, talent." 

Chen Rong: 

He's going crazy: "it's Shiqing!! Shiqing!! He hit me in the face with a fist just now. Didn't you see it just now, brother Jing? " 

His words were painful, and he tried to restore what had just happened: "right here, I just said a word, and he suddenly hit me with a fist. Brother Jing, look at my nosebleed, you see!" 

"All right, all right. How can you make a script for yourself? Don't pretend. It doesn't need you. Get out of here." 

As he said this, Jing Yuanqi looked at his stiff body and was held in his arms. However, a pair of black and bright eyes darkened, and he was staring at Shi Qing, who revealed Chen Rong's ugliness. 

At the bottom of my heart, I feel proud and distressed. 

He gently kisses the shadow emperor on the cheek. 

"When the teacher, you look at him, up to now, he is still trying to frame you." 

"This is the typical white lotus. You are wrong about him." 

Chen Rong, who is black and blue and has a bloody nose, looks at his face with cold face and a fist. Now his eyes are red, and he looks at his own Shiqing with an uncomfortable look 

Who the hell is the White Lotus!!





 Chen Rong felt that Jing Yuanqi was blind. 

He covered his face, which hurt so much that he couldn't, and his tears fell down. He didn't know whether it was the pain or the bending: "look at the monitoring! It's clear from the surveillance. " 

Chen Rongyue is such a bite to death, is hit by the Qing Dynasty, Jing Yuan Qiyue is happy. 

"Do you know why he insisted on watching the surveillance? Because before he planned to shoot a dislocation, and then send the video of you beating people to the Internet, so that your reputation plummeted. " 

"You think of him as..." The young man was quite angry and glared at Chen Rong for exposing the whole plan: "when a younger brother, he can regard you as the enemy of robbing property." 

"It's all in this position. He still insists that you beat him. Can't you see clearly when you beat him?" 

The sad expression on Shi Qing's face became more serious. 

His eyes drooped, his face darkened, and he said nothing. 

The film emperor seemed to be very cold in general, shrinking in the arms of young people to seek comfort. 

Jing Yuanqi felt his soft body, and his heart was full of contentment. When he looked at Chen Rong, whose expression "you and his are betraying me", he was not as eager to give him a rocket launcher to let him go. 

Of course, although there is no rocket launcher urgency, there is still the urgency of the train. 

"All right, Chen Rong, the play is done, and you can go away." 

Chen Rong is going crazy? I do it??? Brother Jing really hit me. It's really him! Didn't you just watch 

"Yes, I'm watching." 

The young man's soft eyes cast a look at the film emperor in his arms. His eyes were full of pity: "from my point of view, it looks like the teacher hit you." 

Chen Rong:??? Don't you believe me when you see it 

Speaking of this, Jing Yuanqi's face was slightly heavy again. He took a jealous look at the white lotus in front of him, which could not compare with his own. His tone was cold: "when the teacher won't touch your finger." 

He had already guessed that Chen Rong bullied Shiqing into this way, and Shiqing could still love him wholeheartedly, believing that he was the most kind-hearted, and the means were naturally there. 

This kind of angle trick that seems to be hit by Chen Rong by the time Qing Dynasty must also be used to by Chen Rong. 

Although really can angle trick, but also really did not use Chen Rong: "I, he beat me like this! You still... " 

"A Rong..." 

When Qing suddenly called Chen Rong, always cold voice with a trace of depression, beautiful black eyes as if hidden pain, the film emperor staring at his stepbrother, "if you tell me that it is a misunderstanding, or Jing Yuanqi forced you, I will not care, I can forgive you." 

Chen Rong, who was still bleeding from his nose, said 

He was the one who was beaten, OK?!! 

Now the face ache wants to die, the person that shed nosebleed also is him?!! 

"OK!! that 's ok!! You're a group, aren't you Chen Rong finally gave up and let the blind Jing Yuanqi stand at his end. He roared angrily: "I'll go home now!"!!! I want dad to have a good look! How can his own son not accommodate me 

"Oh, you go." 

All Jing Yuanqi's mind and spirit were left on Shiqing, and even a corner of his eye was not given to Chen Rong: "by the way, I forgot to tell you. When we talked, I recorded them and sent them to Uncle Shi. I hope that when you go back, you will face him who is still as kind as before." 

Chen Rong: 

Chen Rong: 

He angrily scolded: "you are a blind man!"!!! Shiqing is just lying to you. Are you blind? Do you work for him like this?! " 

Jing Yuanqi looks at the increasingly gloomy film emperor in his arms. Although he knows that he can only get a chance to give up Chen Rong because he is sad, he still has uncontrollable pity on him. 

"Teacher Shi." 

The young man kisses the soft cheek and comforts him: "don't worry, I won't let Chen Rong hurt you." 

"I'll drive him out of the city and never come back." 

Anyway, he would never give Shi Qing another chance to fall in love with Chen Rong. 

If Chen Rong doesn't leave, he doesn't care about it. 

The youth, with a trance of the film emperor, walked towards the inside of the crew. 

Walking, when Qing also looked back. 

Jing Yuanqi didn't look back with him. Although he didn't, he also guessed that the movie emperor's eyes toward the adopted brother who had secretly fallen in love with him must be full of loss and sadness. 

Behind them, Chen Rong, with a proud look on his eyebrows when he was watching them helplessly:.... " 

He knew that all these were the conspiracy of the brother without blood!! 

He tried to rescue one last time: 

"Jing Yuanqi!!! Look at it!!! Clear your face when you look at itJing Yuanqi chuckled and didn't look back. His hand was still light and soft, and he touched and comforted him: "don't be sad. Look at him. Now he wants to splash dirty water on you." 

Looking at Chen Rong, who continued to pick eyebrows at him, Shi Qing continued to pick his eyebrows 

"Blind man 

"You are a blind man 

Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah angry him!!! 

After Shi Qing and Jing Yuanqi went back together, the film emperor shut himself up in his room. He didn't make a sound or eat. He wanted to be self-contained and old. 

Young people are more and more jealous of the culprit who caused the appearance of Shiqing. In the bottom of his heart, he will drive Chen Rong to D city instead of going abroad. 

Anyway, in this life, the white lotus does not want to appear in front of Shiqing to seduce him. 

At the same time, Jing Yuanqi tries to coax Shi Qing to his side. 

He ordered the meal, personally carried it to the door of the film emperor, put a soft voice, a voice called: "when the teacher, to the meal order, let's eat?" 

The system reminds you that you are playing the game: [host, Jing Yuanqi is outside. ] 

Shi Qing: [wait till I finish this one. ] 

Jing Yuanqi outside the door didn't get a response. He continued to knock on the door and lowered his voice to persuade him: "I know you are sad, but no matter how sad you are, your body is your own. These dishes taste very good, and I specially added devil pepper." 

Shi Qing was immersed in playing games. 

"How about a swim after dinner? I'm good at swimming. " 

When the Qing hit the game. 

"I bought a mall, and I'll go shopping in the evening? Let everyone go out and just hang out with us? " 

Shiqing finished the game. 

Jing Yuanqi was about to knock on the door again. The door opened from inside. 

Dressed in pajamas, the indifference of the film emperor appeared in front of him. 

At this moment, the youth's heart is not clear what it is like. 

On the other hand, I feel so sad for him. 

At the same time, he was glad that he saw Chen Rong's true face. 

He went into the room and put the food on the table: "I choose all you like to eat, but also added devil pepper, high-quality told me that you wake up in the morning only ate two steamed buns, a bowl of rice porridge and a bottle of soybean milk, now it's noon, when the teacher how you want to eat the meal." 

When Qing quietly sat back on the bed, a pair of still immersed in the sad appearance. 

Jing Yuanqi followed him. Rarely did he move his hands. Instead, he lay on the film emperor's knee and gently stroked the pillow position beside his head. 

"Don't be sad. He's not worth it." 

The youth felt the bitterness and bitterness in his heart, and he was eager to break Chen Rong apart. 

However, I can't bear to clean a hair when I take myself as a stand in. 

There is always such a person in the world. 

No matter what he has done to himself and how abominable and excessive he has done, as long as he has seen him, he can't get angry. 

Of course, although he is not angry with Shiqing. 

But it did not prevent him from recording all the accounts on Chen Rong's head. 

At the bottom of my heart, I thought how to deal with Chen Rong. On the surface, Jing Yuanqi did enough to look like he was in a low position. "With me with you, I don't want him, OK?" 

"Teacher Shi, aren't we both very happy? I can do it seven times, but no one else can. " 

Shi Qing suddenly said, "he is Are you still at home? " 

"No more." 

Jingyuanqi said of Chen Rong hate gnashing his teeth: "he went abroad, now should have been in the airport." 

"Did he not say anything before he left 

Yes, of course. 

He yelled at Du. 

Of course, because there were more than a dozen bodyguards in, they were still in private planes. Even though Chen Rong scolded him so much, he was still forced to stay in his seat. 

Jing Yuanqi: "no, maybe I'm afraid you'll make trouble with him. He walked very quickly and didn't say a word." 

The expression on the film emperor's face was a bit lost. 

Jing Yuanqi hated Chen Rong and his teeth itched. 

How can he be as blind as he can't see at such a good time. 

However, thanks to his blindness, he would never have a chance to get into Shiqing's heart in his life. 

The young man lowered his voice and coaxed the film Emperor: "when the teacher, I'm no worse than him, where is it?" 

"I'm better looking than him, better than him, physically, and I'm both actors. Most importantly, he doesn't like you, but I like you." 

Jing Yuanqi sent the assassin's mace. 

"If you really can't forget him, I'm willing to become him for you."It can be said that it is to let Shi Qing promise to be with him by any means. 

If you change to someone else, you may know that you are a stand in, and you have to deal with it. 

But Jing Yuanqi is different. 

From the beginning, he was just holding a boring attitude towards Shi Qing. 

He is playing, can you blame Shiqing for taking him as a stand in? 

Of course, he's serious now. 

Jing Yuanqi has no moral integrity, but he has no moral integrity. He can let go of all the things that most people care about. 

Yes, Shi Qing has no feelings for him now. 

But the feelings are all from people, when Qing and Chen rongman have a good deal, they have known each other for less than 20 years. He and Shi Qing have a lifetime. 

What kind of nonsense love, as long as Shi Qing can be at ease and willing to be with him, he has a full assurance that he can haunt him all his life. Is he so excellent, can't he compare with a mere white lotus flower? 

In ten or eight years, Chen Rong would have been a fart. 

In the heart of small abacus to play good, the young man once rubbed against the film emperor, completely do not want to face the low stature scatter Jiao: "promise me, you promise me." 

"If you want to forget a relationship, it's the best way to start a new one." 

Seeing Shi Qing still hesitated, Jing Yuanqi said again, "well, when we are together, you should try. If you feel that the attempt is not satisfactory, I will certainly not pester you." 

That's strange. 

As long as Shiqing is caught, he must be pestering him for 24 hours. 

Even if Shiqing repents or feels inappropriate, he will never let go. 

If it's a big deal, he'll act like a coquette. Anyway, Shiqing's character, and Jing Yuanqi's cheekiness, won't help him. 

Maybe it's because I think it's feasible to have a try. The film emperor's face shows hesitation gradually. 

Under Jing Yuanqi's expectant eyes, he leaned slightly hesitantly and gently dropped a kiss on the young man's cheek: 

"good." 

Ding! Jing Yuanqi rejection: 0 out of 100] 

the system did not have time to pursue its own host as usual, because it had just reported the rejection degree, and there was a mosaic in front of us. 

This time, Shiqing, who didn't drink, asked for less than last time. 

The fifth time, the movie emperor was full of sleep. 

Jing Yuanqi is still cleaning up the mess. 

Pack up your clothes, throw the rolled sheets into the washing machine without disturbing the cleaning time, and then open the window to breathe. 

Fortunately, Yao didn't hurt this time. 

Although it didn't hurt, Jing Yuanqi was still thinking about drinking more tonic soup and kidney tonic soup every day. 

After all, five times is still quite a lot. 

If he wasn't strong, he liked to exercise and had high endurance, he would not have been able to hold on. 

Thinking, the youth stood in front of the French window, looking out of the window of the sky, the bottom of his heart a piece of contentment. 

Chen Rong still wants to rob him. 

He couldn't hold on to that small body three times. 

He and Shi Qing are made for each other. 

In this life, that small Chen Rong don't want to see Shiqing again. 

Jing Yuanqi's lifelong entanglement plan was carried out smoothly. 

As soon as Shiqing woke up, the youth pestered him and asked him to announce that they were together. 

If he didn't want to have a foreign nationality, he even wanted to go abroad to get a license to get married. 

To Jing Yuanqi's satisfaction, although they were unable to obtain the certificate for the time being, they were both public figures. They were announced together with the outside world, which was not much different from the announcement of marriage. 

Although he didn't mind that he didn't have himself temporarily, he would never accept another Chen Rong. 

So after the announcement, when there was a lot of "my mother" in the outside world, Jing Yuanqi started his career of "I am where Shiqing is". 

When Qing Dynasty acted as emperor, he acted as minister. 

When the Qing Dynasty acted as the son of a aristocratic family, he played another one. 

Even if there is no suitable role for him, he has to bring money into the group to play a passer-by. 

When the performance was over, Jing Yuanqi sat down on the set and did not leave. 

Anyway, he brought money into the group, and the crew didn't want him to eat a bite of food, not to mention he bought his own food. 

He didn't ask the crew to provide him with accommodation. After all, he slept next to him. 

At first, people in the circle were not used to it. 

There are more people who have publicly expressed that they are together, but there is no one like Jing Yuanqi who can't leave for a moment. 

But they were not used to it, and it was no use. After they were together, Jing Yuanqi immediately announced his own assets, and he also announced the identity of the only son of the powerful family of Shiqing. 

He didn't do it to show off. 

It's just to show: I have money and power. If any of you dare to beat my wife's attention, don't try to mix in this circle.Who dares to offend such a big man. 

As for Shi Qing, not to mention his status as the only son of a wealthy family, just Jing Yuanqi's guard posture of looking at the bones is enough to make some people who are interested in him back down. 

If people are openly together, it is equivalent to getting married. Even if they do, it is to destroy other people's families and be condemned, they may also be retaliated. 

Either of them is too easy to run over. 

Therefore, the immortal love between Jing Yuanqi and Shiqing began. 

More than 60 years later, the life of Jing Yuanqi and Shiqing came to an end. 

There is no disease or pain, that is to age, at present people live in the hospital, but can be foreseen, it is difficult to survive. 

They went to the hospital together again. Yes, they did. 

Outside, their fans of all ages are sad. 

Sad return sad, but not much for love beans regret. 

[brother Jing has always been a winner in life. ] 

[agree upstairs, since brother Jing announced that he was with Shi Ge, his life seemed to have opened up. Later, he took the film emperor, and the hang became bigger. Later, he seemed to use his company's new technology to change the same-sex marriage law with the state. At that time, I was only a teenager. I remember that the news was all over the place overnight. No one thought that a star could have so many assets 。 ] 

[yes, he is really a business genius. He becomes a big man in whatever line he does. ] 

[grandfather Shi is also very good. Our teacher said that people like Shi Qing are national treasure level talents. His role of Hechang 40 years ago is still a classic. ] 

[children upstairs, what kind of ghost is Shi grandfather? I will never be old! ] 

[Wuwu, you are all reviewing their achievements. Is it only me who is reviewing the immortal love between brother Jing and brother Shi? According to my statistics, since brother Shi and brother Jing were together, they have never separated. It is said that although brother Jing is doing a big business, no matter what kind of meeting it is, it is a video conference. Even when he inspected the company, he went with him. As soon as he announced his love affair, he gave half of his shares to Shi Ge. How much trust should we have. ] 

[immortal love plus one, even if I'm old now, I'll never forget elder brother Jing, who took the stage to receive the award after winning the film emperor. The first thing I said was that I could finally be the same as Shi Qing. At that time, I had tears on my face. I was not moved, but sad. Why can't I meet such a partner? I can't even meet him. ] 

[I burst into tears, and Shige is very gentle. Brother Jing has been on the show several times and said that he is too clingy and pesters him for 24 hours. He doesn't care about it. To be honest, I can't stand it if my object is so clingy, but they are so happy that they are old enough. ] 

[they have never quarreled in their whole lives. They have never had an affair. In the entertainment industry, they are all immortal partners. Now they even live in the hospital together. ] 

[I wish them a partner in the next life. ] 

[blessing plus one] 

[blessing plus two] 

during the discussion among online fans, Jing Yuanqi was lying on the hospital bed, breathing heavily, holding Shi Qing's hand, rubbing against the palm of the film emperor as before. 

"Shi Qing, I ask you..." 

"Do you remember Chen Rong?" 

Shi Qing turned around and lay on his side to watch Jing Yuanqi? I'm too old to remember 

Jing Yuanqi's face showed a satisfied smile. 

"Then I will Don't worry. " 

So he held his lover's hand and closed his eyes slowly. 

When he got out of bed, he gently dropped a kiss on his face, and slowly lay his head on Jing Yuanqi's chest, listening to the faint heart sound inside. 

"Dong! Bang! Bang 

- "-" 

there is no sound. 

Until can't hear that heart beat again, when Qing just slowly closed eyes. 

After a while, the nurse came in and found that Shiqing was on Jing Yuanqi's bed, lying on his lover's chest, and both of them had no breath. 

Time cleared back to mission space. 

System: [congratulations on completing the task! Please choose: 1, continue the task, 2, rest. ] 

Shi Qing's eyes turned around in the task space, "1, come on!" 

Ding! Please be ready to jump to the world! ] 

Shi Qing opened his eyes in a choking smell. 

He got up, looked around at the gorgeous layout of the house, and began to accept the memory. 

Well, dandy.



Arc 3: Dandy Little Master

 Shi Qing waved his hand in the red and green room. The aroma around him was still rushing to his nose. He coughed twice and covered his nose with his sleeve to see his memory. 

This is an ancient aerial world. 

The male Lord is Yu chennian, the ninth prince. He is a poor man who is fighting for hegemony. 

The emperor had nine sons, of whom the most unpopular was Yu chennian. The reason given in the novel was that his biological mother was ugly, just a maid in waiting. Once the emperor got drunk and strengthened the ugly maid, Yu chennian was born. 

For the emperor with 3000 beautiful empresses, harmony with an ugly maid is almost as harmonious as that with a pig. When he woke up, his mentality collapsed. He wanted to be dragged out and killed. It was good for the empress to persuade the emperor to keep the maid alive. 

As a result, the maiden became pregnant and gave birth to the ninth prince. It is said that on the day of his birth, the lotus flowers all over the pond declined overnight. Therefore, the emperor determined that Yu chennian was unknown. 

According to the previous rules, the mother depends on the son, and the girl in the Palace should be granted a position, but the emperor is not willing to do so. 

He's not like a pig sitting on his own concubine. 

He gave death to the maid who had just given birth. Yu chennian became a child without mother. The emperor showed that he did not want to see him. No one in the palace proposed to raise the ninth prince. 

Finally, the empress without children came forward to take over Yu chennian's hot yam. 

She was not favored by the emperor, and Yu chennian had a bad reputation on her back, and they were more and more unpopular with the emperor. 

When the empress's father and brother died in battle, they lost their support and were framed into the cold palace. Yu chennian then followed him. Mother and son were despised by others. Going to the imperial study was not a good thing for Yu chennian, because his five brothers would bully and humiliate him and become a prince, but even the most humble palace people lived better than him. 

When he was a teenager, his companions entered the palace. Even these accompanying readers enjoyed bullying Yu chennian, and the one who bullied him most was the prime minister's son. 

The prime minister's position in this dynasty was originally the first of all the officials. Moreover, the prime minister was still a member of a family. The emperor was more polite and trusted to him than his sons. It can be said that as long as the prime minister said that he stood behind the prince, the prince would win half more in the future. 

As a result, the prime minister's legitimate son naturally became the object that the princes vied to please. 

The arrogant prime minister's son bullied Yu chennian more addicted than the five princes. He was not only light in speech humiliation, but also did all kinds of seemingly mischievous actions that could actually kill people. 

For example, he put snakes in Yu chennian's table. Knowing that he was short of food and clothing, the imperial dining room sent lunch every day, so he saved food. He took the rest back to the abandoned empress, and deliberately knocked over his lunch box and crushed the food inside. 

The most heinous thing is that Yu chennian is beautiful and looks like a woman. The son of the prime minister who has been living in all kinds of brothels has even been held down by someone and asked eunuchs to make obscene appearance behind him. 

This is a great shame for men. 

This incident directly angered Yu chennian, who had been forbearing for a long time. He was actively connected with the family of the Empress Dowager. On the other hand, he kept a low profile. When the foreign enemies attacked, even several senior generals in the imperial court were unable to defeat the foreign enemies. At that time, Yu chennian, who had been able to go to the imperial court, asked for instructions. Almost everyone thought he was killed. However, he became famous in the first World War. He not only came back alive, but also brought back the head of the foreign enemy's Prince. 

At the beginning, the emperor was still worried about his son's irreconcilable desire. However, Yu chennian always behaved docile and harmless. He wanted to hand in the military amulets. After that, foreign enemies invaded successively. The emperor could not help but let him go to war. Every time, Yu chennian returned triumphantly. 

The emperor gradually regarded the most undesirable son as the sharpest knife in his hand. 

After a few years, the knife no longer needed its owner. 

Yu chennian fought all the way to the capital, killed his five brothers and two elder sisters, and sat on the Dragon chair. 

Of course, he did not forget the prime minister's son. 

He first castrated the man, then left him on the street in the cold winter and begged him for more than half a month. Finally, he was dismembered with frostbite all over his body. Yu chennian even fed his body to the dog, which can be said to be a deep hatred. 

And after the world of fiction became a whole 

Without the immortal aura of the protagonist, Yu chennian was directly poisoned by a poisonous snake hidden in his desk by the prime minister's son. 

After reading his memory, Shi Qing is not surprised by his identity. 

He is the son of the prime minister. 

because the prime minister is awesome, he can walk sideways from an early age. It can be said that the whole city is the biggest two generation. 

After all, the emperor still held him to feed him, but the princes did not have this treatment. 

And he's a good match for dandy. 

In the original plot of the novel, the original owner can be said to do all kinds of evil. 

Now I'm only 14 years old. I'm ok. I'm shopping in brothels, bullying and bullying the ninth prince, and then I'm full of teasing women in the street. 

Because he was born prematurely and weak, he could not go out of Jing at the age of 14. Therefore, going to the brothel is a real stroll, and molesting a civilian girl is a real molestation.It was not until he was sixteen that he started his career as a villain. 

In the downtown area, a few years old children were trampled to death and forced to take away civilian women. When the women were unwilling, they gave people to their friends and friends to play together. They tortured people to death. In order to have fun, they deliberately lured the students to gamble. They cheated so that the scholars would cut their hands to pay off their debts after losing, thus destroying other people's bright future. 

It can be said that he is not bad for anything else, simply for fun. 

He was so bad that he kept it from his family. The emperor knew these things, and even sent people to lure him. After all, the deeper the original master fell, the more he grasped the handle. With the prime minister's favorite son in hand, he was not afraid that the prime minister would not do anything for him. 

But before the emperor could do anything with these handles, Yu chennian took the capital, sat down on the throne, and gave his father a happy death. 

Now, Shiqing is him. 

This is now 14 years old, already infamous, no one dares to marry him. 

He is used to getting a villain card every time. He jumps over the topic and asks the system: "how much does Yu chennian repel? ] 

since the system changed the world and found that the host got SSS difficulty again, he didn't dare to show his head. Now, Shi Qing didn't feel angry at all. He replied carefully: "Yu chennian's rejection rate is 150 out of 100] 

Shi Qing: [? ] 

time clear: the degree of rejection is still beyond? ] 

the system is a little bit cautious and empty: [well, he in this world has a small mind and a strong hatred. ] 

Shi Qing: [I see. ] 

as soon as he put down his sleeve covering his nose and wanted to get down from the couch, the door opened from the outside, and a middle-aged woman with gorgeous dress but vaguely able to see that she was also a beauty in her youth came up with a smile and naturally helped her to clean her clothes. 

"Sir, it's light. You can have a good time. Do you want me to call some more girls to accompany you?" 

"No 

Shi Qing yawned and stood there with open arms. While being served, he said lazily, "I'll go to the imperial study today. I'll come back to play in the evening." 

"Well, my name is Cui Cui. They are waiting for you." 

The procuress is happy to answer, smile on the face is also very happy. 

What's more, what they like most is to receive such young masters. They are so young that they can't do anything but hug and watch the piano. They are also generous. 

When she was ready to serve, Qing put on her clothes and went to open the window again. 

A window, a cold wind came over, when Qing was frozen to hit a shiver: "how cold outside?" 

"Yes, I see it's snowing." 

Is it snowing? 

Shi Qing remembered. 

Is not the original owner in this year's early snow day, prank made a poisonous snake to Yu chennian's table? 

He yawned and didn't say hello to the madam. He got up and went outside. 

Just down the stairs, the boy who was watching the song and dance met him and said, "Sir, do you want to set up a horse to go to the palace?" 

Shi Qing approached the bronze mirror on the wall and looked at himself inside. 

Although he was young, his facial features were very delicate. When he lifted his chin slightly, he had a spoiled arrogance. 

Copper mirror vaguely can not see clearly, but you can see that he is very white. 

"Go to the house and get me a cloak, the red one." 

The boy who followed him grew up with him when he was young. When he asked for a red cloak, he asked curiously, "don't you like red?" 

Then he saw his master as before, a kick came over: "want you to go, where come so much nonsense." 

"Ah, ah, I'll go right now." 

The boy dodged and ran away. 

After half an hour, Shi Qing, dressed in a red cloak, entered the palace in a carriage. 

The guard in front of the Imperial Palace recognized that it was the car of the time family, but it was not stopped, so he released it directly. 

As the second generation of the first power in Beijing, Shiqing had this kind of noodles. 

When he got to the place, he got out of the carriage. He raised his chin slightly. As before, he refused to step on the snowy steps. He called a eunuch and carried himself to the front door of the imperial study. 

A few people had been waiting for them. There were five people in total. Four of them glanced at the past, and their eyes fell on the last boy. 

He was wearing clothes that were too old for his brothers. It was clearly snowy, but his clothes were still so thin. His slender white hands curled up slightly, and his head was lowered to see his face. However, he could see that he was the least confident among several princes. 

"The time has come, but it's not too late today." 

The eldest prince took the lead in welcoming him. Seeing that Shiqing was carefully placed on the clean ground by the eunuch, his face was intimate and joked: "how, that Ruyi building is not fun?""It's all rouge. It's not fun." 

At a glance, it can be seen that the young master who was raised by a rich and noble family fell to the ground. He opened his arms and asked the eunuch to pat the snow on his body. He raised his chin slightly. His face was full of tenderness: "yesterday, the girl was still the number one, and her hands were not as good as mine. I should go to ask your majesty to give me a good-looking one." 

Said, he seems to be very generous to the Prince: "not if you and I go together, please your majesty also give you one." 

The eldest prince quickly refused. He is now trying to brush his favor with his father. How dare he ask for a woman at this time? Isn't it obvious that he has a reputation of loving women? 

It was only when Shi Qing was so unruly that he dared to make such a request to his father. 

Several people are talking, the third prince came in a hurry, with a food box in his hand. When he saw it, he immediately met him. 

"Shi Qing." 

He did not go to see the ugly face of the eldest prince because of his arrival. He took the little boy to one side and whispered, "I have found what you want." 

"Here you are!" 

Time Qing seems to be very excited to shout out a voice, the other several princes are not very good-looking staring, as if to please the Third Prince of the Qing Dynasty. 

Only Yu chennian, he looked at the young boy. 

Under the heavy snow background, wearing a red cloak to wrap the whole person, the young boy's eyes are bright, unabashedly looking at Yu chennian. For a while, he looks down at the food box in his hands. His dark eyes are full of eager to try. 

Yu chennian's heart sank. 

Shiqing's expression was undisguised. It was obvious that there was something in the food box to play a trick on him. 

The third prince is still quietly facing the clear way: "I'll hold him for a while, you can go in and put it." 

"Good!" 

Young boy excited nod, sweet Zizi way: "or three brothers good." 

Because of the emperor's special permission, he, the son of the prime minister, called all the other princes to be their brothers. 

"Just know me well." 

When Chen Yu exchanged feelings with emperor Qing for another year, he went there to exchange feelings. 

He is confused, the young master has pushed him to the front of Yu chennian. He puts the food box on the ground. Then he looks at Yu chennian arrogantly with his chin raised. His delicate face is full of lofty: "three elder brothers want to talk to you. You are not allowed to enter until you finish speaking." 

The third prince said 

Isn't it obvious that "we're going to do something, we have a ghost to hold you back from going in"? 

Yu chennian took a silent look at the stiff third prince, and then looked at Shi Qing, whose face was full of "I want to do something". He lowered his head in silence and said, "OK." 

"Three brothers, he said yes, you talk to him quickly." 

The expression on the young boy's face became more excited. He turned around and ran to the house. When he ran half way, he remembered that he was wrong. He ran back and took the food box on the ground. 

Just picked it up, but also worried about the alert to Yu chennian: "I did not say in, you are not allowed to come in." 

The third prince said 

It's just obvious. 

Yu chennian raised his eyes and looked at the young boy who was as proud as a peacock and pursed his lips: 

"good." 

See he promised, when Qing happy, carrying the food box and ran in. 

Seeing that he was running so fast, the eunuch, who was in charge of serving him, rushed to catch up with him: "Sir, please run slowly..." 

The other princes looked at each other and followed them in. 

Outside for a time, only the third prince and Yu chennian are left. 

Under the heavy snow, they looked at each other in silence. 

Yu chennian knows that these two people are going to make fun of themselves. 

The third prince knew that Yu chennian was going to make fun of him. 

A good trick, it's now. 

They didn't talk to anyone. They just stood here, waiting for them to call. 

A cold wind blew by. 

Unspeakable embarrassment.





 When standing awkwardly with the third prince, Yu chennian speculates from the bottom of his heart what tricks Shiqing is going to play today. 

Since Shiqing was hiding it from him, and he was not allowed to go in until the third prince gave him the food box. Of course, there was something in the box. 

It's just some trifles. Anyway, the third prince dare not really give him any dangerous things. 

Yu chennian's eyes are dark and his heart is sneering. 

What if he knew it? 

Several times before, when Qing deliberately teased him, he clearly saw that, is not to step into the trap. 

If you don't make a fool of yourself according to these people's wishes, you will only suffer greater malice. 

Just thinking about it, a scream came from the room. 

The third prince recognized that it was the voice of Shi Qing, and he turned around and ran in. 

Yu chennian thought about it and slowly turned around and walked in. 

In the room, he was still wearing a red cloak, his face was white. He stood on the ground, his eyes were staring round, his round black eyes were full of fear, looking at the little green snake crawling to his feet. 

The other princes hid far away, but there were eunuchs on the side, but they were afraid that their actions would disturb the snake, and they did not dare to go forward. 

See two people come in, that pair of black eyes Lipton when out of the water light: "three brothers save me." 

"Your Highness, don't come here!" 

Before the Third Prince did not move, the eunuch who tried to lead the green snake away with something quickly stopped him: "this snake is called Zhuyeqing, which is very poisonous." 

As soon as the words came out, the third prince immediately stepped back and did not want to move forward. 

He is also full of ignorant face, quickly low voice asked to serve their own people: "what's going on?! Don't you just ask for a common snake 

"Your Highness, the maids and maids only caught a snake without poison. I watched the black snake put in with my own eyes." 

"Woo..." 

The little boy's tears fell down. He was afraid to move, but his tone was as arrogant as ever: "don't you hurry to get this dead snake away!" 

Let this snake climb on me again. ] 

the system was obedient and immediately manipulated the bamboo leaf green snake to spit out the message and continued to climb up. The target was clear all the way to Shi Qing's shoulder, and the green snake fell on the red colorful cloak, becoming more and more conspicuous. 

The young master seemed to be so scared that he couldn't breathe. Instead, he was choking in a low voice. His face was full of fear. 

One side of the eunuch even busy way: "young master, do not cry, do not speak, if you do not move, it will not bite you." 

Therefore, the young master with tears on his face did not dare to move. 

But he can't stay still. 

The eldest prince was well protected. He was calm and said to the eunuchs: "don't try to find a way to do it!" 

Eunuchs also enter the palace from childhood. Who can catch snakes. 

What's more, if they bite him in the process of catching them, even if they have 100 heads, they will not be able to compensate. 

The scene froze. 

Shi Qing: [let this snake crawl to my face again. ] 

the originally quiet bamboo leaf green moved slowly and climbed towards the delicate face of the youth. 

The people present were more nervous. 

Especially the third prince, this snake was found by him for Shi Qing. If Shi halal was bitten to death here, he would never get rid of the connection. 

By the way! 

He subconsciously took a look at Yu chennian standing behind him, and the big stone at the bottom of his heart slowly fell down again. 

And Yu chennian is here. 

Shiqing, however, happened at his desk. It's a big deal that he'll throw all the pots to Yu chennian. 

Anyway, every time something happens, the good thing is that their four brothers divide up, and the bad thing is Yu chennian's fault. 

Even if there was an accident in Qing Dynasty, even if the father was angry, he would not sacrifice a grown-up prince. 

But Yu chennian is not the same. His father and Emperor never love his son. 

Yu chennian, who is very sensitive to other people's emotional transmission, naturally did not miss the third brother's malicious sight. 

He is not a fool. After a circle in the bottom of his heart, he can get a rough idea of the third prince's plan. 

Yu chennian's heart sank. 

If Shiqing was bitten to death by a poisonous snake today, he must have been implicated. 

None of these brothers would sympathize with him. It would be nice if he didn't fall into the trap. 

If he falls down, his mother is afraid to be even more sad, and there is the second elder sister 

In this case, we can only break the boat. 

He lives as well as he does. 

Either Shiqing dies or he dies. 

Yu chennian gritted his teeth, raised his head abruptly and strode forward. He reached out quickly and ruthlessly and grabbed the bamboo leaf green snake under its head, so that it could not open its mouth. He pulled it from the young man's red cloak.Once again, he threw the green snake out of the window. 

The green snake trembled on the ground and did not move. 

"Young master!" 

"Shiqing, are you ok? Come on, get up." 

As soon as the danger was relieved, the princes, who had been eager to leave, were surrounded again. 

To ask for warmth and help others. 

There are also those who reprimand eunuchs: "what's the matter with you! Let the Viper enter the imperial study 

Eunuchs who had been sweeping in the imperial study quickly knelt down to beg for mercy. 

None of them dared to say that there could be poisonous snakes in the imperial study. They just begged for mercy, kowtowed too hard, and didn't slow down. 

When the young master slowed down, he refused to let others help him. Anyone who dared to stretch out his hand directly hit him. Whether it was the eunuch or the prince, they all slapped open. 

Yu chennian stood aside and looked at the little boy who was still in a despicable appearance before. He was like an angry milk cat. He sobbed and roared: "go away!! Go away 

"I didn't see you come to save me just now!! Now I know to worry about me 

Several princes' faces were a little chatty, and the eunuch beside the prince quickly explained: "I haven't seen you with my back to your highness just now. When you see that you are in trouble, if you don't want to, you will rush up. It's the maids who have stopped you." 

"Yes, I don't want to misunderstand my highness. If I didn't stop me, how could he have abandoned me? Your highness treats me as a brother. " 

The eunuchs around the princes all know that this young master is the person they all want to please. They all help to explain. 

"Your Highness is also worried about your safety. If you disturb the snake and bite your highness, how can you do?" 

"Young master, get up quickly. It's cool on the ground." 

When Qing Dynasty, the young master didn't listen at all. He still beat his hand out to himself: "go away! go away! I don't want you 

His white face was still with tears. When he was out of danger, his face was filled with air. "Yuchennian, call Yu chennian." 

He is arrogant and indulgent. He has no scruples about it. Yu chennian is the emperor's son. He calls him with his first name and surname directly. 

The four princes' faces were stunned, and their eyes were slightly unhappy and looked at Yu chennian standing far away. 

Is it true that this boy has found a chance to please him when it comes time. 

No matter how the eyes are blowing cold knife, on the face, they are still with a face "we love brothers" smile. 

The eldest prince was the eldest brother. He was the first one to stand out with a kind tone: "Ninth brother, are you scared? Shiqing is calling for you. " 

Yu chennian quietly went to the front. 

Behind him, there are four brothers' icy line of sight. 

It seems that as long as Shi Qingyi is close to him, they can immediately cut off his competitor without hesitation. 

Let the four princes more assured is that although Yu chennian came, but still as before, with a muffled like muffled voice. 

He didn't take advantage of the opportunity to get credit, nor did he coax the frightened youngsters to increase his favor. He just stood in front of Shiqing as a wooden man. 

He didn't even squat down, but looked up at him when he was still sitting on the ground. 

In being spoiled, no one has ever dared to give him injustice, when Qing exposed this attitude in front of him. 

This is just too much. 

The several princes who died lost the grudge of "he actually saved Shiqing", but only left a strong mentality of watching jokes. 

Sure enough, I was unhappy when I could not be wronged. 

"What do you mean standing so high, squat down!" 

As a result, although only 17 years old, eating is not very good, but the body size is abnormal than the other brothers Yu chennian quietly squat down, with the juvenile level. 

He didn't think Shiqing would thank himself. 

It was as if he didn't feel that Shiqing would regret his prank. 

Sure enough, the first sentence the teenager said was to blame: "what are you looking at? If it wasn't for you, I would have been nearly bitten by a snake!" 

The other princes immediately relaxed. 

Obviously, indulgence never in their own body to find a mistake when the small ye will be wrong all blame to Yu chennian. 

Shiqing still said: "don't think that you take that snake away is to save me. If it wasn't for you, I would go to get a snake over here! If I didn't get this snake, would I be scared! " 

There's nothing wrong with the logic. 

Although very unreasonable, but also very backward. 

But the other princes were blind, and they all criticized Yu chennian one after another: "yes, nine younger brothers, this is your fault." 

"Well, Shiqing, don't be angry. Get up quickly. Don't you like my jade gourd very much? I'll have someone bring it to you in a moment, so that you can have a good press. "Yu chennian is silent and keeps the original posture. He is still angry and refuses to get up. 

The little boy was still wearing the red cloak, which made his skin white and tender. His hands were white and delicate, and pushed the people who wanted to help him away. 

"I can't get up. I want to talk to your majesty!" 

"Your Majesty asked me to come to the imperial study, and said that I can be regarded as half a prince. How can there be a prince like this? If I had not been lucky enough, I would have told him here." 

He was willful and young. He wanted what he wanted from childhood. It's not surprising that he made such a fuss at the moment. 

The third prince strained his whole body. 

If it is true that when Qing made trouble to his father, Zhuyeqing came out of him. 

He quickly pushed a silent Yu chennian, "nine younger brother, still in a daze what to do, still don't hurry to apologize to Shiqing." 

Several other princes also responded. 

"Yes, nine younger brother. I'll make up for it when I'm quick." 

"You are such a big man. How can you be so dull? If it wasn't for you, how could Shiqing have nearly suffered a big crime?" 

This clearly did not do anything wrong, but also to be accused of the scene, let people look at for Yu chennian sad. 

Yu chennian's heart did not fluctuate. He was used to it. 

The ninth prince, who was tall and tall, but always looked humble with his head down, apologized obediently: "I'm sorry, it's my fault." 

"Just know what's wrong?" 

See he bowed his head, spoiled little boy more and more pedal nose face. 

He snorted coldly, "you all get out of the way. I don't want eunuchs to wait on me. I want him to hold me up." 

Don't wait on the eunuch, but the prince. 

This is obviously insulting Yu chennian. 

However, none of his brothers helped to speak. They just stood aside and watched jokes. 

Maybe it's because Yu chennian doesn't move, and the young master doesn't like it. 

Stretch out a foot to kick past: "do what Leng, still don't hold me to go back, this ground is dirty dead, I want to change clothes." 

Shi Qing was spoiled and spoiled since childhood. Before the age of five, he was held in his arms by his servants. His feet have never been on the ground. Naturally, they are light and graceful, and have little strength. 

Kick in Yu chennian leg, with the kitten patted with meat pad like, no pain, but a little itchy. 

Yu chennian's heart is not very angry. 

He has been used to being held up by others for a long time. As long as he is not excessively punished and deprived of food, his oral words are not painful. 

He knelt down in silence and obediently put his hand between Shiqing Yao. 

As soon as I met him, Yu chennian stopped. 

Before this, Shi Qing and other princes were never willing to have any physical contact with him. 

They played pranks and deliberately teased him, but they all despised and despised him. 

And the mother is not his mother, he is so old, naturally can not be like a baby in the arms of his mother. 

None of the people around him are sincere care, relying on him not to be loved, are cold words, words of contempt. 

Therefore, Yu Chen is so old, in memory, this is the first time that he has such close contact with a person. 

His first reaction was to be soft. 

When Qing's body is soft and soft, it is the feeling of being pampered carefully. 

Yu chennian once saw a litter of kittens born by a concubine in the palace. When Yu chennian passed by, he saw that the litter of kittens had been moved to the sun by the maids. The golden sun shone on their white fluff, as if flashing light. 

They call low, roll and crawl in their comfortable nest. Maybe they know that someone is taking care of themselves, so they call their purses attractive. 

Yu chennian, who was still a child at that time, was attracted at a glance. 

It was the first time for him to see such a delicate and weak creature. 

He couldn't help but wonder what it would feel like if he could touch it. 

But he stood there for half an hour, until the warm sun became hot, and the palace girl took the nest of small milk cats that had been exposed to the sun back to the house, but he could not touch them as he wished. 

After that, his adoptive mother was seriously ill. Every day, he wandered between eunuchs and maids. He also had to deal with the bullying of his brothers and the indifference of the dining room. He had no mind to think about kittens. 

But now, feeling the soft touch from the fingertips, Yu chennian is not the God of the occasion. 

Is it the same with the touch of milk cats. 

Soft, obedient, delicate. 

Then, when touched by him, Qing was fierce: "what are you doing in a daze? Don't you hold me up!" 

Yu chennian lowered his eyes and hid his thoughts in his eyes. He held up the young master in silence. 

When you hold it in your arms, the touch becomes more and more obvious.When the body is soft, like no bones, tender and delicate, and very light. 

Being served by the prince, he seems to be very proud, raised his chin, delicate face is full of natural should be spoiled of course. 

"I'll change my clothes in the room and let Yu chennian serve me. You don't have to come." 

Everyone present nodded with a smile. 

It seems that it is normal for a prince to serve his ministers in yuchennian. 

Yu chennian did not show any humiliating look on his face. 

He just held the young soft Yao in his hand, as usual, holding Shiqing in silence and striding toward the inner room. 

The imperial study also has an inner room. Generally, the princes who are stained with ink and so on can go in and change their clothes. Sometimes when they are sleepy, they can go in and sleep for a while. 

The princes all have their own rooms, including Yu chennian. Although his room is the same as other brothers, he doesn't have a few clothes. 

Naturally, there are rooms in Shiqing. If you push the door in, you will find a gorgeous arrangement. 

There was a fluffy blanket on the floor and a small censer on the bed. 

When Qing loves fragrance, the people in Imperial study all know. 

In the daytime, he asked the eunuch to put the censer on the bed, so that the fragrance could be stained on the bed and mattress. 

This is a strange problem, but no one dares to say that he is hypocritical. 

Yu chennian quietly put the boy in his arms on the other side of the bed. 

When Qing directly soft body, lean on the bed, and stretched out his feet, to kick his legs, the voice of a Jiaoli Jiaoqi: "take off my socks, I do not change clothes, just I was scared, want to sleep for a while." 

To let a prince take off his shoes and socks is obviously another kind of humiliation. 

This is still not painful for Yu chennian. 

He sat obediently on the couch, stretched out his hand and gently pinched the young man's ankle. 

This pinch, the youth's action is another meal. 

When Qing's skeleton was thin, there was a little flesh on the ankle, but because of its small size, it created the scene today. 

Pinched in the palm of my hand, she is very delicate, but with a little meat. 

Yu chennian slowly took off the young master's shoes. 

The Qing Dynasty was only a teenager this year, and the shoes were small. 

His feet never step on the ground outside. Even the steps to the imperial study are carried by eunuchs. The imperial study is the palace people want to sweep sooner or later. Of course, the soles of his shoes are not as dirty as the teenagers said before, but they are very clean. 

When the sole is clean, there is no defect in the socks. 

Yu chennian holds the young man's ankle and turns to see him. 

When he saw him looking over, he seemed very proud to raise his chin and pick his eyebrows. A foot kicked in his hand arrogantly and urged: "what are you waiting for? Don't you still dislike me for being dirty?" 

Very annoying expression and words, but because of that naturally arrogant attitude, and the soft touch in his hands, let Yu chennian's heart grow angry. 

He slowly pulled out the white socks. 

Disgusted with his slow action, Shiqing directly raised Bai Shengsheng's foot and kicked him on the youth. 

That foot is small and ingenious, the center of the foot is all tender meat, kick Yu chennian's body, only let his eyes dark. 

Ding! Yu chennian's rejection rate was 145 out of 100] 

in the study





 After serving the young master, he has taken off his stockings. 

Yu chennian was silent and helped him take off his red cloak and reveal his slender body. 

The delicate young master got into the bed and showed only a small white face, and his long eyelashes curled slightly, but he refused to close his eyes. 

He did not say let Yu chennian go, but Yu chennian did not move. He just sat beside the bed with his eyes down, just like wood. 

When Qing looked at him for a few seconds, he didn't respond, and his face showed dissatisfaction. He stretched out two white feet from the quilt to kick Yu chennian. 

When Yu chennian raised his eyes and looked at him, the young master took back Ji with satisfaction and raised his chin: 

"I'm going to sleep. You sing a little song, I want to listen to it." 

Singing is something that only singers do. 

The request of the Qing Dynasty was to step on Yu chennian's face on the ground. 

Yu chennian, who had no response to his various orders, frowned slightly and looked at Shiqing with a pair of dark eyes. 

He was born well, but there is no expression on his face. When he looks at it, he makes people feel astringent. 

In the past, some palace people who deliberately abused Yu chennian made him angry. In this way, he could make people's hearts empty, and he could not care about other things to rush away. 

When he was young, no one dared to move a little finger and say a heavy word to him. Naturally, it was the first time that someone showed this look in front of him. 

The young master's white tender face showed a little timidity, a pair of round eyes and refused to admit defeat more round, delicate lips pursed, clenched a corner of the quilt and hid behind. 

"You, you see what I do!" 

A clearly afraid, but also forced to put on the appearance of open teeth and claws. 

If you get upset, it's him again. 

Yu chennian thought so, slowly lowered his head, voice low and deep: "I can't sing." 

"Why are you so useless that you can't even sing a ditty." 

Seeing that he put away that frightening look, Shi Qing's courage seemed to grow again, and hummed for a while, kicking Yu chennian's legs with his own jiojio. 

His strength is not big. His feet are soft and white. The tender meat is not lethal at all. Yu chennian thinks he doesn't see it. He sits there and lets the young master vent his anger. 

I haven't kicked ten times. I'm tired. 

Because of the movement on her white face, her breath was a little uneven. She had to look at Yu chennian with complacency. As a result, when she saw that there was no expression of insult on the young man's face, the idea of complacency was immediately covered by anger. 

"I don't know what I eat on weekdays. The meat is so hard that I can't even kick it!" 

He is like a kitten who just grabs people but finds his claws stretched out, but people are not bothered. He mews and barks in anger and refuses to make a rake: 

"he can't even sing a little song! The meat is so hard. What's your use? " 

His words of denunciation are not painful for Yu chennian, who has been used to punishing him for a long time. 

Young people even have leisure to think in the bottom of their heart. It's very good to scold when listening here. At least he has a good voice, and his words are harmless. He can't feel pain when he kicks him with his feet. It's better to be teased by several imperial brothers and belittled by Shaofu when he goes outside. 

All of them had accompanying reading, so did he. However, Shaofu didn't think highly of him. Several senior brothers often pointed at him and asked him to answer some difficult questions in class. 

If you can't answer, you will be beaten for the prince. 

Although Yu chennian was not a favored prince, he was accompanied by a serious official. He used to suffer from this kind of hardship at home. Gradually, he asked for leave and refused to be beaten again for Yu chennian. 

Without accompanying reading, you can only play Yu chennian when you are on the hand board. 

After all, most of them have Prince power behind them. They certainly don't look down on the unpopular Prince Yu chennian. If he gets another prince to shout, he will have to do something more. 

Therefore, the imperial study is a place for other princes to study, but it is for Yu chennian to suffer. 

No matter in winter or summer, he was punished the most. In winter and winter, his hands were frostbitten, but he was also beaten red and swollen, and he was also punished to copy books. He was the one who could only copy back to dawn in one breath. 

Compared with these, Shi Qing's words are nothing. 

The eunuch, who was waiting outside, heard the young master's sudden high tone, worried about what was going on inside. He hurried to the door and bent over like shrimps, "what do you want to tell your servants?" 

"Yes!" 

When Yu chennian was scolded passionately, but he didn't get any response from the other party, he responded angrily. He glared at Yu chennian, who didn't have any mood fluctuation on his face. Unwilling, he went back into the quilt and covered himself with a strict reality."You come in." 

The eunuch immediately opened the door and bowed down and came in respectfully. 

Then he listened to the lazy voice of "I'm going to sleep, sing me a little tune." 

"Yes." 

The eunuch immediately opened his mouth to sing, which was obviously not the first time. 

Yu chennian found out from his memory that several other imperial brothers made fun of the old Qing, saying that he was a baby and that he had to be lulled to sleep by singing songs. 

Knowing that Shiqing didn't mean to abuse him, Yu chennian didn't feel much in his heart. He just sat there quietly. 

The eunuch sang for a while, and the young master who should have listened to the music was comfortable and comfortable, but the young master frowned and shrunk to the quilt. 

From Yu chennian's point of view, we can see that Shi Qing buried his whole face in the quilt. 

A few minutes later, the young master who was restless in the quilt came out of his head, and his white face was full of unhappiness. 

He asked: "didn't you set off the brazier? How can it be so cold! " 

The eunuch who served him quickly shut up and cautiously replied, "my Lord, the brazier has been here all the time, and he has already let the candidate choose the best red LuoTan. He has been lighting it all the time." 

"But there is no heat in this room." 

When Qing is not happy to drill into the bed again, "I have been lying for a long time, the feet are still raw cold uncomfortable." 

"Would you like me to bring you a soup lady?" 

"I don't like to use those. What if it's too hot for me?" 

The delicate young master asked a lot. 

After that, he looked around the room with round black eyes. When his eyes fell on Yu chennian, his eyes lit up and ordered Yu chennian to say: 

"you! Sit on my side. " 

Yu chennian sat in silence. 

"Come here again, I can't eat you!" 

Because he moved too far away, Shiqing was discontented and rolled up the bedding. The silkworm cub rolled to Yu chennian automatically. 

Wait for feeling distance almost, he this just satisfied cocked up lip Cape, "you are born so tall, should not be afraid of cold, first help me warm feet." 

At the same time, the young master stretched out his white feet. He didn't want to wait for the young man to reply. He pasted Yu chennian's Outerwear to the young man's waist. 

Relying on Yu chennian's body temperature to warm his cold feet, the discomfort and impatience on his face went down a little. 

Yu chennian still has no sense of resistance. He leans slightly to one side and looks at the young man who still retracts his whole body into the bedding, and only a small head emerges. 

In fact, the room is already very warm, at least compared to the imperial study. 

Yu chennian has never been able to get it on hand because of his share of the law. Every time the poor charcoal fire comes out, he will send him to his adoptive mother's room, who is ill in bed. 

Therefore, his own room has always been no different from that of the outside. In addition, the room is cold and does not often bask in the sun. Every night he lies in the bed, which is like a bed of ice. 

Now, Shiqing is in a warm room with warm blankets under it. The bedding is often exposed to the sun, but it is not warm enough. 

Spoiled children are always unsatisfied. 

Foot Ya relies on Yu chennian's body temperature is no longer cold, he is also delicate and disgusted that this action will let the ankle expose in the outside. 

Eunuch carefully holding the rabbit blanket to cover the ankle of Shiqing, he yelled away. 

If the young master is not happy, he will lose his temper. 

"Why is there only one pot of charcoal fire in the house? I keep three pots at home." 

The eunuch hastily and carefully explained: "little master, this year's red Luo charcoal production is small, this charcoal fire is set, you can only put one pot in your room, even your Highness's room can only put one pot." 

"Will I be frozen to death? I won't be so cold at home!" 

His father was a descendant of an aristocratic family. His family had a history of hundreds of years, and Shi Qing was his only son. Naturally, he was provided with countless good things since he was a child. 

As for the princes, they also had to take the red Luo charcoal according to the rules. In the Qing Dynasty, they really wanted as much as they wanted. 

The eunuch hastily proposed: "no, I'll go to several princes and ask for help. Can you spare some of your Highness the charcoal fire so that I can have a good sleep?" 

"No going!" 

When Qing didn't think about it, he interrupted him. Bai Nen's face was full of anger: "when that snake was on me, they didn't come to save me, so I didn't pay attention to them." 

The little boy hated to take back his feet and looked at Yu chennian: "you made me nearly bitten by a snake. You have to compensate me." 

"Come up and sleep with me." 

Yu chennian was slightly stunned.When he heard the sentence, he thought that he was making fun of. 

As a result, Shiqing actually asked him to go to bed? 

Perhaps he was surprised to see the unhappy eyes, young master puffed up his face, suddenly got up, grabbed Yu chennian's arm and pulled him to the bed. 

I pulled it. I didn't pull it. 

When the clear Leng. 

He glared at his round black eyes, looked at his hands, and then looked at Yu chennian, who was suddenly attacked and did not move. His face became more angry. 

The young master's soft voice was full of anger, "I let you come up!" 

Yu chennian: "if you don't see me, I'm afraid it's to blame." 

"If you can't see it, you can't see it. It's just a matter of taking less classes. They're always talking about what they can learn." 

Then he snorted coldly and said to the eunuch waiting at the bottom: "you go and tell Shaofu that I'm not well. The ninth Prince is taking care of me. We'll take a leave." 

"Yes." 

The eunuch retired respectfully. 

When he arrived outside, he told Shaofu according to the original words of Shiqing. 

Shaofu nodded to show that he knew, and did not ask why Shiqing was uncomfortable with his companion and asked the prince to take care of him. 

It's no secret that Shiqing was deeply loved by the emperor and even surpassed his own sons. It's no secret that he was mad to offend Shiqing. 

The other princes had no objection. 

When Qing Dynasty remembers a grudge, he was almost bitten by a poisonous snake. He also records this hatred on Yu chennian. I'm afraid there are some troubles. 

What body discomfort, what Yu chennian is taking care of. 

On that character of Qing Dynasty, I can't bear any grievances. I'm afraid I'm trying to get revenge on Yu chennian. 

Several people have a number in the bottom of their heart, but did not want to send someone to inquire. 

Inside, Yu chennian, who is thought to be tortured and revenged by everyone, lies in a warm quilt in the warm room. 

The young boy who was originally in the bed felt the warmth from him, and was finally satisfied and no longer boisterous. 

He closed his eyes comfortably and squeezed himself into Yu chennian's arms. 

This is the first time since Yu chennian has memory, lying on the couch in such a comfortable environment. 

The air was warm, and the room was so clean that he could even smell the smell of milk. 

It's not the smell of bedding, nor the censer, but the young master who has been sleeping comfortably in his arms. 

He seems to like to drink goat's milk very much. Maybe it is because he loves to drink goat's milk that his skin is so white and tender, and his body can emit such a light milk fragrance. 

Even if the white young master fell asleep, his feet were very restless. He closed his eyes and squeezed towards the heat source. He would not stop until Yu chennian was over. 

Yu chennian seemed to hold him at the moment. 

The body of the young man in his arms is soft and tender, which makes him dare not move. It seems that a slight movement can make this fragile and proud little thing hurt. 

He has some strange feeling in the bottom of his heart, itching, as if the cat stretched out its claws and scratched without extending its nails. 

It doesn't hurt. It's itchy, but I'm looking forward to it scratching again. 

In such a comfortable atmosphere and little expectation, Yu chennian slowly closed his eyes and had a good sleep that he had never had in his memory.





 The snow outside is light and silent, and the melting snow water under the corridor slowly drops down, making a sound similar to rain. 

There is a light smell of smoke in the room, warm and thick bedding is covered in the body, and a soft and tender small stove is squeezed in my arms. 

When Yu chennian woke up, he thought he was in a dream. 

Such a comfortable and comfortable scene can only be felt in his dream for so many years. 

He moved his arm slightly. After feeling the softness of his hands, Yu chennian slightly bowed his head and saw Shiqing, who was sleeping in his arms. 

The young boy's face was flushed. When he opened his eyes, he was always proud and proud. He looked down on the people's smart black eyes, which were hidden under his long eyelashes. 

In this way, it seems that he is a very clever child. 

Yu chennian naturally knew it was not. 

At that time, when he opened his eyes, he would become the little young master who looked down on him and loved to make fun of him. He was so charming that he could not eat any bitterness. 

He had been bullied since he was a child, but he didn't feel much about them at the bottom of his heart. 

Yu chennian is arrogant in the bottom of his heart. He thinks these people are not worthy of his hatred. 

He is like a snake in the dark, quietly dormant, waiting for the opportunity to kill those who stand in his way. 

But he won't have any extra emotions, happiness or guilt because of the death of these people. These people are not worthy of it. 

At one time, the Qing Dynasty was no different from several imperial brothers in Yu chennian's eyes. 

But now, looking at the young master sleeping red face, and with a breath gently sprayed on his arm heat, Yu chennian's heart actually strange rise a trace of complexity. 

Such a proud but fragile little guy. 

It was like the milk cat he wanted to have but couldn't get it. 

Ding! Yu chennian's rejection degree 142 out of 100] 

the youth felt that the young man in his arms moved slightly, and his delicate lips moved with him. He was like eating something good in his dream, and his curled and beautiful eyelashes were also slightly shaking. 

He knew it was time to wake up. 

Yu chennian closed his eyes as if he had been sleeping. 

The body in his arms moved more and more fiercely, and he could feel the clean and dim rubbing in his arms, and the delicate hum in his arms. 

After a while, the young master woke up. He opened the quilt and yawned. 

The next second, Yu chennian felt that Qing's soft and tender feet were kicking his waist. For a moment, he seemed to tickle him. 

Just wake up the young master's voice is a little waxy, but his tone is as arrogant as ever, "Hello! Why are you still asleep, get up 

Yu chennian opened his eyes obediently. 

When she got up from the quilt, Qing Qing's face was full of satisfaction of sleeping well. Seeing Yu chennian wake up, she hummed and raised her chin. Her delicate face was full of "you served well, I'm very satisfied": 

"it seems that you still have some use. It's not so boring as they said. When I want to have a lunch break, you can warm my bed." 

He used the tone of command, obviously did not intend to give Yu chennian a chance to refuse. 

Yu chennian did not want to refuse. 

At least compared with a few of the royal brothers outside, or this delicate young master can make him more relaxed. 

When I ordered to be perfect, he called the eunuch outside to come in. 

Yu chennian watched him sitting there with open arms and letting the eunuch dress him. When he was dressed, he sat back on the bed, waiting for people to wait on him to wear stockings and shoes. 

In his life, Shi Qing didn't wear clothes and shoes by himself. Yu chennian thought that if he was allowed to come by himself, he would not wear them at all. 

When they arrived at the imperial study, it was already in the afternoon. Several princes warmly and kindly said hello to Shi Qing, and the prince said that he had arranged tranquilizing Soup for him, which was really a gentle and considerate one. 

They are very tacit understanding of the neglect of standing at the side of the Qing, slightly bowed his head, the body is not so tall Yu chennian. 

No one asked the youngest brother whether he had suffered from it when he was in a bad temper. 

No one had any objection to his inexplicable carrying the pot. 

Just from this day on, when Yu chennian was still playing tricks by hand, I seemed to have found a new way to play. 

He began to be keen on letting Yu chennian, the prince, do what the humble servants would do. 

For example, the Qing Dynasty required Yu chennian to arrive early every day, so that when he got to the imperial study steps and got off the sedan chair, Yu chennian could directly come to the sedan chair and carry him all the way to the imperial study. 

You know, it used to be the work of eunuchs. 

And at the same time, even at this time of lunch break, Shiqing is not willing to let go of Yu chennian. 

He did not allow Yu chennian to return to his house, but insisted that he follow him back to his room. 

According to Chen Yu's request, Chen Yu sang the same song as the eunuch of Qing Dynasty.And in a few Prince's beating around the Bush, the young master is not polite, from now on, he will serve Yu chennian. 

Serve! 

This is not to take Yu chennian as a servant! 

Still so undisguised. 

He is also a prince at least. Even if his biological mother is humble and his adopted mother is an abandoned empress, he is also a prince. Even they dare not violate him in this way. 

Of course, I'm not afraid of Yu chennian, but I'm afraid of my father's opinions. It's the Dragon son and the Phoenix's grandson. I don't think any other bullying will happen. If it's really compared to the palace people, no one can be sure whether the father will be angry. 

Several princes and sons are secretly looking forward to their father's anger. At this time, they take the opportunity to comfort the scolded Shi Qing. 

As a result, such a day has been passed for five days, but the emperor, who has always been familiar with all matters in the palace, has never made a statement. 

If you don't make a statement, you will support it. 

Sure enough, the status of the Qing Dynasty in the eyes of his father and emperor was much more than that of his sons. 

At the same time, Yu chennian's position in his father's mind was less than they imagined. 

Some of the princes who would have bullied Yu chennian for pleasure all despised the youngest brother more and more. 

Anyway, there is no matriarchal power behind him, and his people are dull. Even his father and Emperor don't like him. It's a pleasure to bully him. 

On the sixth day, Shi Qing arrived at the foot of the imperial study in a sedan chair, only to find that the youth who should have been waiting for him were standing in the snow. 

The boots on his feet have been buried by the snow for a little while, and a layer of snow has fallen on his body. It can be seen that standing here is not for a while and a half. 

The young master's eyebrows wrinkled at once. 

Since he was young, Jin Zunyu was not touched by snow and rain. He opened the curtain in anger and jumped down. 

"Be careful, sir..." 

This move can frighten the eunuchs who serve him. They are like nursing baby babies who have just returned to walk. They follow Shiqing carefully. 

"Go away!" 

Yu chennian looked at Shiqing from a distance, like an angry little lion. He drove away the people around him, and came to him with a kind of attitude of teaching and questioning. 

"Who made you stand here?" 

His soft voice was raised because he was not happy. 

"They don't know that you have to carry me to the imperial library every day! You are covered with snow, how can I let you carry it! " 

Yu chennian was stunned. 

He didn't expect that Shiqing would be angry because of this. He thought that according to the young master's delicate temperament, he should directly change to a eunuch to carry the snow. 

Seeing that he didn't answer, the young master became more angry: 

"speak up!" 

Yu chennian: "big brother, said that I do not have classes these days, he punished me to stand calm in the snow." 

When the kitten exploded even more. 

"Who doesn't know that I asked you to accompany me. Is he going to hit me in the face?" 

Actually not. 

The eldest prince is just looking for a reason. 

Anyway, it was the same before. No one could step on his feet. 

Now, Yu chennian's dark eyes are fixed on the young boy who is angry because of his punishment. 

He was so angry that his face was flushed, like a cub who found that his food had been snatched away by others, and he roared in a tearful voice; 

"you are the people who serve me, why should they move?" 

"Said it's mine!" 

"Mine!" 

Angry finish saying, the young master is not happy to glare at Yu chennian. 

"You're useless. Thanks to you've been with me for a few days, you've let them bully me like this!" 

The eunuchs did not seem to be so angry, so they cautiously caught up with him, "young master, don't stand in the snow, your boots are wet." 

Shi Qing was more angry because of his words. 

"Yu chennian's back is full of snow water!! How can he carry me! Big brother, what do you mean? I'm here to accompany you, not to be inspired! Yu chennian carried me back for a few days, so he punished Yu chennian in the face 

Eunuchs: -- 

This logic is not right. 

Can be QIANJIAO wanpet grow up of the young but completely regardless of what logic is illogical, finished in one breath, angrily turned around and ran to the imperial study. 

"I have to ask him for an explanation!" 

After running for two steps, he turned back and looked at Yu chennian who was still standing in the same place and urged: "are you a fool! Don't keep up with me 

Yu chennian took two steps forward and nearly tripped him with his stiff feet. 

But he has always recovered quickly. 

After two or three steps, I began to feel consciousness.Four, five, six 

He chased the bright red figure in front of him in his red cloak. His eyes were brighter and his steps were more and more brisk. 

Ding! Yu chennian's rejection rate was 100 out of 100] 





 When the Qing Dynasty angrily entered the imperial study, several princes sitting in the imperial study were stunned to see his embarrassed appearance of falling snow. 

Young master is usually a little delicate, from the first sight of him, they have not seen him with a drop of rain. 

Every day when the ministers outside came to the palace gate, they would get off their sedan chairs and walk into the palace. The princes could not take sedan chairs in the palace. 

The women in the back palace can sit down, but the back palace is completely separated from the former dynasty. If the empress wants to come to the front, they should also walk seriously according to the rules. 

In addition to their father and Emperor sitting on the Dragon chair, only Shi qingneng had the treatment of entering the Palace door without leaving the sedan chair. 

Since the Emperor allowed him not to get off the sedan chair, he could sit all the way to the imperial study, and all the way up the steps he had to carry on his back. 

He has this confidence and pride. Recently, since he began to toss the gloomy lunar new year, I have become more and more fierce. After a whole day's work, the green cloud boots embroidered with gold thread are still white. It can be seen that his feet have hardly touched the ground. 

But now, the delicate young master still has unfused snow on his black hair, and his red cloak is full of snow water, even on the soles of his two-way white shoes that are not stained with dirt. 

"Shi Qing? Why don't the eunuch come in with his back on his back 

All the princes stood up to look out for the cold and warmth. This was what the eldest prince said. He said it while laughing. He stretched out his hand to help him clear his cloak. 

When Qing but directly avoided his hand, a pair of Pan round eyes filled with dissatisfaction: "big brother, what do you mean?" 

Big prince: 

Big prince: "what's wrong with me?" 

"When you don't like it, I'll tell you. If you don't like it, tell me if you don't like it. What do you mean by bullying me like this!" 

"I'm insulting? I How did I insult you? " 

The big prince with a big black pot on his back is almost muddled. 

Who didn't know the position of Shi Qing. 

He is not stupid or crazy. How can he bully Shi Qing. 

"You said no!" 

The young master was even more angry. He turned around and ran to the door. Yu chennian, who was standing outside the door because of the snow on his body, ran back again. 

"Who doesn't know that I want him to carry me off the sedan chair these days. How can you carry me when you let him stand in the snow for so long?" 

The eldest prince said: 

He is not bullying Yu chennian, how to clear the mouth when the time, become targeted at the Qing. 

Even if there are ten thousand grass mud horses in the bottom of my heart, and I know that I can't get angry, I still force myself to calm down and swallow this tone. 

With a smile on his face, he went to kiss Shi Qing's arm and said, "Shi Qing, I really don't mean that. It's just that my ninth brother can't do his homework at this time. As the eldest brother, I can't help but have some expectations for him. That's why he was punished." 

"Ninth brother can't carry you. Can I ask other eunuchs to carry it?" 

"No!" 

If the ordinary people, also see good to close, but when the young master's life, did not see good to accept these three words. 

He was very shameless to shake off the prince's hand, and his attitude was very bad: 

"those eunuchs who did not say that Yu chennian was good, and all of them had a bad smell. I would like to have Yu chennian!" 

This is also in line with the young master's temperament. 

If he has a good one, he will never choose the next one. 

The eunuchs served in the palace were no more than ordinary servants outside. 

They cut off their children and grandchildren since childhood. They have to get up early in the morning and go to sleep late at night. In addition, they don't eat carefully. Naturally, they don't get fat. 

Being carried on the body is also hard to cut the flesh. 

In addition, most of the eunuchs who have lost their children and grandchildren are not as well controlled as normal men. If they are too late, they will inevitably miss some. 

In order not to let the serving master feel bad smell, most eunuchs will entrust people to take fragrant powder from outside the palace and use it on themselves. 

In addition to those big eunuchs, the small eunuchs do not have much money on their hands. The perfume powder they buy is also cheap. It's not good for them to rub incense on their bodies. 

But then smoke people, that is better than to let the owners smell the indecent smell. 

This is why it is said that eunuchs are like half a woman when they cut off their children and grandchildren. After all, wherever they go, the fragrance overflows. It seems to others that eunuchs are very feminine. 

Back to the main topic, Shi Qing came to do the accompanying reading. Of course, he would not take the servants with him. He always let the eunuch carry the sedan chair. 

In the past, when he could bear it, after all, he had no choice. After being carried by Yu chennian for a few days, he tasted the sweetness. 

He was very unreasonable to the prince"Yu chennian has been following me these days. Everyone knows that if you punish him, you are punishing me. Since I joined you as a companion, I have to enter the palace at daybreak every day, and I can go home when the sun goes down. Every time my husband plays the hand board for you. I try my best to you, but you beat me in the face and punish me. What's the reason?" 

The eldest prince almost lost his breath and laughed. 

"It's just that Yu chennian was punished. How can you be dragged to your head?" 

"If you didn't punish him, how could I fall all over the snow!" he said 

This logic, no one. 

However, when the other princes saw that they had fallen out with each other, they were immediately happy. 

Fan Yin Wind Point ghost fire, do not know how much fan point slip. 

"Yes, big brother, this is your fault." 

"When Qing was a young man, he was rich in clothes and food at home. When he came to the palace to be your companion, he had to bear hardships. His grievances were normal." 

"Big brother, you give Shi Qing an apology. Don't do it again next time. He's very nice. He's humiliated out of thin air. What a pity." 

For Shi Qing, he never had to worry about doing something wrong. 

Because all the people around him have the same idea. 

Shiqing won't do anything wrong, it will only be someone else who has done wrong and provoked him. 

If he did something wrong, please refer to the previous one. 

Before facing all this is nothing to do, just because Shiqing wanted to harm him not to do, it became his wrong Yu chennian. 

The emperor was very happy at that time. 

And now it's his turn. 

The eldest prince said: 

When it's his turn to be treated like this, he knows how frustrated he feels when he says, "if you're wrong, you're wrong. You have to press your head to apologize.". 

The eldest prince was the eldest son, and he always felt that he had great prestige among his younger brothers. 

Being able to coax Shi Qing is just worrying about the prime minister and his father behind him. 

But were pointed at the nose scolded, or in front of a few younger brother's face, to say that the heart is not angry is certainly false. 

But no matter how angry, for the benefit behind the time Qing, he can only endure. 

He took a deep breath and squeezed out a smile. He kept his teeth itching and tried to keep a friendly smile: 

"Shiqing, it's the big brother who is not good. I won't do this again next time. Don't be angry, OK?" 

The anger on the young master's face slowly came down. 

He snorted, proud of the small chin, a pair of "I'm really tolerant" of the small appearance: "OK, look at your face, I'll forgive you this time." 

This is a typical example of being cheap and selling well. 

The smile on the prince's face almost didn't twist. 

He looked around and saw that except for Yu chennian, who kept his head down as usual, he could not see any expression. The other brothers were all eyeful at his jokes and ridicules. 

When did he have such grievances. 

Endure again and again, in the end or not. 

With a stiff smile on his face, the eldest prince said dryly, "I'm a little sleepy today. I'll take a rest in the back for a while. I'll bother some younger brothers until the young Fu comes to help me." 

With that, he turned and left in a hurry. 

From his back, he was going to be angry. 

The other three princes looked at each other and talked to Shi Qing in a friendly way. 

"Look at you wet." 

"You are also a child's temper. If you feel uncomfortable in your heart, you should go back to the imperial study first. Look at the snowy water all over your body. If you don't change it quickly, how can you do if you have a cold wind?" 

"And your boots. They're all wet on the top. Do you have your boots on the back? If not, send someone to my room to get a pair. Don't worry. They are all new. " 

When Qing Dynasty, all the stars support the moon. 

Several people are all a face of heartache, as if he stood in the snow for a while on what day of sin. 

Yu chennian, who suffered a great crime, is still as indifferent as before. 

Young master is used to this kind of treatment for a long time. He sneezes and rubs his nose: "it's OK, man. It's just snow and wind." 

"I've got a change of clothes inside. Just change." Finish saying, he also did not forget Yu chennian, turned to look at always silent, silent as if does not exist youth. 

The tone is no better: "what are you doing! Come on 

Yu chennian, who has always been regarded as dull by the palace, followed him in silence. He had stood in the snow for too long before, dripping water all the way along the way. 

The princes did not dislike Shiqing, but Yu chennian, so they made way one after another. 

He did not see the disdainful expression of these brothers, but looked at the youth in front of him with steady and slow pace. 

After turning out, Shiqing doesn't have a path to his house, but reaches out to pull Yu chennian's arm. 

The youth subconsciously dodged.Young master a Leng, white tender face immediately showed dissatisfaction: "you do what!" 

Yu chennian lowered her eyes, and her arms hung unnaturally on both sides: "dirty." 

"Where is the trouble? It's snow water." 

Shi Qing didn't care at all. He murmured in his mouth and held Yu chennian's arm. 

He lowered his voice and whispered, "I want to hear if the eldest brother is talking ill of me. You follow me. If you are found, you should protect me, OK?" 

"Of course." 

Xu felt that he was a little weak in doing so. He might also feel that if he wanted to help Yu chennian, he had to be drawn in first. 

The young master raised his chin with reserve: "I didn't call you because the eunuchs in the palace are not my talents. I value you. Although you are dull like a wood, you are tall at any rate. How much can you do?" 

Shiqing seems to be totally unaware that he has let out his mouth. After finishing this sentence, he takes Yu chennian's hand and carefully looks around him. He stands on tiptoe and walks forward gently. 

After two steps, he felt wrong again. Looking back, he saw that Yu chennian was still walking as usual, and his delicate face showed a look of hatred for iron and steel. 

"You're stupid. You said you were eavesdropping. Keep your head down and don't let them see it!" 

Therefore, Yu chennian lowered his head with a command and an action. 

His eyes are still heavy, looking at the youth in front. 

Shi Qing was in the appearance of "I want to be a thief". He lowered his head carefully and bent down to move forward. From Yu chennian's point of view, he could see that his boots, which were extremely small, stood on tiptoe carefully and moved forward bit by bit. 

Obviously, he is guilty of being a thief, but he can't see how to hate it. 

Ding! Yu chennian's rejection rate: 95 out of 100] 

the system does not understand: [the host didn't do anything? ] 

Shi Qing: [maybe it's because I look good, hee hee hee. ] 

when they arrived in front of the prince's house, the eunuch who should have been waiting outside was not there. 

In order to show the frugality of the princes, the princes who came to the imperial study only brought one eunuch to serve them. The eunuchs who served with them were originally servants in the imperial study. Generally, they were accompanied by one eunuch and served the eunuch. 

Different from accompanying readers, the eunuchs around the princes are all confidants. 

After all, the maids can still get married when they are 30 years old. Eunuchs will stay in the palace all their lives. Therefore, they will be more loyal and reliable than the maids. The princes also like eunuchs to wait on them. 

Now the eunuch of the eldest prince is not outside, that is, in the house. 

When Qing pulls Yu chennian's arm, all the way carefully sneak to the door. 

Yu chennian silently followed him to hide there. When he looked at it, he opened his eyes wide and round, and leaned over his body, carefully sticking his ears to the door. 

In fact, there's no need to paste it. The emperor's voice is very loud. You can hear it standing at the door. 

Because he's throwing things. 

Bang!! 

It should have been a teapot like pottery that fell to the ground. 

Then there was the roar of the eldest prince: "he is something! If it had not been for his father's face, I would have given him some color! " 

Then came the eunuch's voice: "Your Highness, your highness, please calm down, if you let people hear..." 

"Hear it, hear it! But is a minister son, can the father emperor really because of a prime minister's son, despise his own eldest son?! Who gave him the courage to speak to a prince like this? Before, he only looked at coaxing him in the face of his father. He really regarded himself as a character and a companion reader. How dare he be so rampant when my highness is in power... " 

Yu chennian is not surprised that the prince is like this in private. 

Among the several elder brothers, the eldest prince was the most tyrannical. From childhood to adulthood, Yu chennian was punished by him without any reason. 

It is said that several maids were missing in his palace before. Later, some people found those palace ladies with scars all over their bodies in the dry well. It was only because the eldest prince and his wife were favored that they forced the matter down. 

He can hold back to the room to vent again, has been far beyond Yu chennian's expectation. 

Seeing the front, Qing's face was full of anger and he wanted to reach out and push the door. Yu chennian held his hand and stopped him. 

If this matter makes a big fuss, it is obviously unreasonable for Shiqing to be unreasonable. 

Even when he arrived at the emperor's place, the eldest prince turned his back and refused to accept it. How could Shiqing, a little young master who had been spoiled by thousands of Jiao since he was a child, could have played with him. 

The eunuch in the room was still trying to comfort the Prince: "Your Highness, please bear with me first, and then you can do it again. It's only the courtiers. Your highness is the real dragon son and Phoenix grandson. Let's see in the future." 

"Yes, in the future, if there is a chance, my highness will certainly find them back one by one. I don't want his life. I will leave him by my side and let him serve me. His face is really excellent. Isn't he noble? When he has become his royal concubine's pet, he will be pressed on the couch to serve people every night. How noble he is. "Yu chennian's pupils contracted suddenly. 

He has never been out of the palace since he was a child, and the emperor is not good at masculinity. Even if the other brothers have this preference, they will not tell him. 

However, it is mentioned in the book that eroticism is only a word in Yu chennian's eyes. 

It was the first time that he really heard these two words from other people's mouths. 

What's more, it's still used in Shiqing. 

The big prince inside is still imagining with an obscene tone: "when it comes, I will imprison him in the palace, lock the chain, only allow him to wear gauze clothes." 

With the words of the great prince, Yu chennian's heart gradually jumped up. 

It was as if he had really seen that. 

Arrogant and arrogant when Qing was locked in the palace, according to his character, will certainly lose his temper. 

Will be angry meow meow meow meow meow, with soft tender feet kick. 

Or is it a direct hit? 

The Qing Dynasty soon gave the answer to Yu chennian. 

When Yu chennian fell into a daze because of the emperor's words, the young master directly kicked the door open and rushed in angrily. 

"You son of a bitch!" 

When the eldest prince and the eunuch had not yet returned to their senses, they looked at the young man who was charming and charming. He raised the round stool and went towards the prince. 

"You still want me to be a concubine?" 

When Qing roared, he took the bench and smashed it to the emperor's abdomen. 

He rushed so fast that the eunuch didn't react. He watched his master smashed several times. 

"Ouch 

The eldest prince screamed and quickly covered himself to avoid. He almost yelled: "what are you doing? Stop him!" 

"Bah, I'm so happy!" 

Shi Qing took the bench and smashed it again. Seeing that the eunuch came up to stop him, he kicked him in the past: "go away --" 

"Yu Chenhao"!!! Don't hide if you have the ability! I'm going to kill you today! " 

Knowing that he had heard all of them, he broke his face. The eldest prince did not have the soft policy as before. Instead, he was in a mess to avoid and yell at him: 

"I am the prince, you beat the prince, but it is a death penalty!" 

Shi Qing didn't listen to him at all. He was very arrogant. 

"What a son of a bitch!! You are so dirty, I should have killed you! " 

"Calm down, sir..." 

Shiqing was stopped by the eunuch, and kicked people away again. He yelled at Yu chennian: "Yu chennian, what are you doing standing there! I didn't ask you to protect me! Don't stop this dead slave 

Yu chennian has another command and an action in the past. 

The eunuch was also a bully. He was afraid of Shiqing, but he was not afraid of Yu chennian. When he saw Yu chennian stop him, he directly used his strength. As a result, Yu chennian was more powerful than he was and stopped people. 

Shi Qing was very angry. The prince was caught off guard and hurt a few times before. He was addicted to the girl's body. He couldn't resist at all. He just beat him to the front. 

When the prince and the young Fu in front of him heard the news, they saw four people in a room, all of whom had disordered hair. 

The eunuch and Yu chennian are still ignored by the public. 

When the clear tired panting, is holding the table to breathe deeply, next to a round stool. 

In the corner, there was a big prince in the corner, but there was no wound on his face. But seeing that he was covering a certain place with pain in his face, we could also see where he was hurt. 

Seeing someone coming, the eldest prince immediately caught the eunuch who came to help him get up. "Don't worry about me. Go to the front and ask the father to come!" 

The eunuch looked around, saw when Qing did not mean to stop, immediately obedient trot out. 

Feeling that the patron was coming, the great prince's waist became hard again. He stood up against the wall with hatred on his face: 

"Shi Qing! You dare to beat the emperor and son so wildly. Even if the father dotes on you this time, he will never stand on your side. I will wait 

"Wait, wait!" 

The little young master was still very arrogant and glared at the big prince fiercely, as if he didn't know the seriousness of the matter. The other princes who looked directly at him were sweating for him. 

There is a reason why the eldest prince is cruel but still in his father's heart. 

It's that he can cry. 

In front of them these younger brothers, he is superior, reprimands scolds. 

To the father of the emperor that is a good son can not do. 

Otherwise, those maids who died before would not be so silent as nothing happened. 

The emperor will arrive soon. 

Accompanied by a eunuch's high "Your Majesty's arrival", the big prince's eyes lit up quietly against the wound. 

He quickly stood up, eyes a red, face aggrieved to meet up: "father...""Your majesty 

Before he walked over, a slender figure ran in front of him. Even the voice of shouting was higher than that of him, and the grievance was faster than him. 

When he was chasing him all over the room, Qing sobbed and choked when he was chasing him all over the room: 

"Shi Qing presents himself to his majesty." 

This looks like a room full of princes are at a loss. 

Where have they seen Shi Qing like this. 

The young master is always rebellious and has a big temper. He would like to lift his chin to the sky. 

Yu chennian also stood aside, witnessing the scene of the evil milk cat incarnation soft and soft. 

He slightly deep eyes, silent continue to look. 

When Qing is crying, delicate, and full of grievances, tears flow, that delicate face all over the face, looks very pitiful. 

When the emperor looked at the tears on his face, he was stunned. Didn't he say it was when Qing beat the prince? Why is Qing crying so much. 

"Get up, get up, what's going on? I'm crying like a little face. " 

"Thank you, your majesty." 

When Qing a bit stutters does not fight to stand up, the face is aggrieved wipe tears. 

The wounded prince finally arrived at the moment: "the son minister salutes the father, the father emperor, you should give the son minister..." 

"Your Majesty, you are going to make decisions for your courtiers The elder brother has been deceiving people too much, sobbing... " 

Once again, the eldest prince choked. He couldn't believe that he looked at the young man standing beside him, full of grievances: "do I deceive people too much?" 

Shiqing seemed to be frightened by the twisted look on his face. He showed timidity in his eyes, and retreated, carefully and timidly hiding behind the emperor. 

"Just now I heard from my own ears that my elder brother said that I was nothing but the son of a prime minister. He also said that when he was in power, he would He wants me to be a concubine... " 

The eldest prince gritted his teeth: "father, don't listen to his nonsense. How can I say such a thing? It is clear that he suddenly rushed in and hit me. You can see the wound on my body..." 

On the young master's face is a burst of uncontrollable grievance, tears bar da da da big big along the cheek to fall. 

The soft, soft and glutinous voice was not as arrogant and overbearing as before: "although the minister is not more noble than several princes, he is also the son of a courtier. Since childhood, he has always admired his majesty and yearned for several princes. His heart is all toward his majesty, but his highness compares me to a child molester. I am so disgraced and humiliated that I can't be angry for a moment That's why I started 

"Don't believe him, father. Don't you know what kind of person your son minister is? I've always been gentle and thrifty! " 

"If your highness doesn't admit what I said before, please tell me, if I don't have these words, I'm so timid and timid because of premature birth. How could I have made trouble to your highness without these words?" 

The eldest prince almost didn't get angry. 

He's timid?!! 

He's been weak since he was a child?!! 

Before when Qing carries a bench to chase him all over the room, the physical strength does not seem to know how good. 

His face was distorted again: "father, I am your father and son!"!! The reason why we had a dispute was that he took the ninth brother as a servant and asked him to carry him up and down the steps every day. I can't get used to it. I don't believe you can ask the servant whether he wants him to be carried on his back these days. " 

Shi Qing didn't feel guilty at all and sobbed: "Your Majesty, I have a good relationship with my nine elder brothers. He loves my weak body, so he carries me down the steps personally. All the people in the imperial study know about this matter." 

"Today Today, I saw nine elder brother standing in the snow. I didn't know how long he had stood, and his whole body was wet. I was distressed. I went to ask why his highness wanted to punish him. Because he was unhappy, he went to the back hall alone. When he was upset, he took him to make an apology. Unexpectedly I didn't expect to hear that in the past, but I heard that in the past, sobbing... " 

The young master couldn't stop crying. He wiped away his tears and looked at the aggrieved: "Your Majesty once said that several princes are like my brothers. I regard the hall as my elder brother, but the great master regards me as a plaything. I think he always despises me as a plaything to be a companion reader." 

Speaking of this, Shi Qing once again took a strong sniff: "today I beat my highness. I don't ask your majesty not to punish me, but only ask your majesty to wipe my accompanying reading on me. Otherwise, if I continue to be the companion of my great highness, I'm afraid that one day, I will be bound in the palace by him and do the thing of serving people." 

The emperor's face changed several times. 

He believed Shiqing's words. After all, he was young and admired himself all the time. Even if he had a temper on weekdays, he would never fight against the prince for no reason. 

He pointed out Shiqing to the eldest prince as a companion, because he was optimistic about the son and wanted him to borrow the power of the prime minister. 

He knew what kind of virtue the eldest prince was, but he never cared about it. He thought his son was clever in front of his eyes. As a result, he failed him so much.Even if he is the emperor, he will not be able to explain to the prime minister. 

Before that, I thought the eldest son had the temperament of his youth. 

But now it seems that it is useless. 

Even a child in Shiqing couldn't be coaxed well, and it was so. 

Looking at the emperor's face, the eldest prince knew that it was not good. He was flustered and knelt down quickly. "The father, the father and the children really did not. Shiqing bullied and humiliated the ninth younger brother. This is what everyone saw! Father 

He was a little bit more aggressive and cleared his legs when he reached the point. 

The young master immediately exclaimed, as if he was hiding from some great beast, and ran into Yu chennian's arms, looking like he was shivering. 

This appearance, let alone the emperor, even several other princes who have seen his arrogant appearance before feel that he is extremely scared. 

In addition, when the wall fell down, the crowd pushed and immediately began to speak. 

"My father and my son's ministers testify that Shiqing and jiudi are indeed in and out of the same place. They have a good relationship, not as big brother said." 

"Yes, my father and my son's ministers can testify. Today, Shiqing had a quarrel with my elder brother because he was punished by the elder brother to stand in the snow for more than half an hour, which led to the dispute." 

The emperor looked at the eldest son's sight gradually cooled down: "you are just the eldest brother, but you are very powerful. I have never let you stand in the snow for half an hour." 

The eldest prince looked at his father's eyes and felt cold. "Father, it's really not like this. Shiqing is really insulting his ninth brother! He takes the ninth brother as a servant! " 

The emperor took a look at Shi Qing, who shrank in Yu chennian's arms, and felt more and more that this son was stupid. 

"Even if you are lying, you should say something decent. OK, since you don't want to study in the imperial study, you can choose a good day in a few days, then you can go out of the palace and open your house." 

The eldest prince was stunned. 

If you go out of the palace and open the house, you will not be the crown prince. 

"My father!! Father!! Listen to your son's explanation, father and Emperor... " 

"If you come, take your highness back to rest. You will be forbidden for a few days." 

"Father emperor!"!!! When halal bullies nine younger brothers!! Ask them! These are what we have seen with our own eyes! " 

"Father and Emperor --" 

the eldest prince was taken away. 

The emperor comforted Shi Qing, who was hiding in Yu chennian's arms, saying that he had no way to teach his son this time, so that he could continue to study at ease. Then he drove back to the palace with the expression of "how could I have such a stupid son". 

Several princes went out to meet him. Yu chennian was left to comfort Shi Qing, who was "crying fiercely". 

As soon as the emperor left, the young man buried in Yu chennian's arms immediately raised his head and carefully looked at it. Seeing that he had gone, he came out of Yu chennian's arms. 

He rubbed his eyes and yawned. 

See Yu chennian also Zheng Zheng looking at himself, when Qing and raised the small chin, hum a, is still familiar with the Jiao Li delicate: "see what to see!" 

"Don't think that you helped me just now. You are lucky. Since you said that in front of your majesty today, I will cover you in the future, but you still have to carry me every day. Moreover, you still have to come to my house every afternoon, and you have to eat the dishes I don't like, and, um..." 

The little boy thought for a while, then waved his hand: "I can't remember for a moment. At present, it's like this. I'm sleepy. I'll go back to the room to sleep. When they come back, you can tell them that I'm tired of crying and go back to rest, and then come to me." 

When he finished, Yu chennian was still staring at himself in silence, and a little angry appeared on his white face. He stretched out jiojio and gave Yu chennian a little kick: 

"what are you doing in a daze? I'll talk to you!" 

Yu chennian: "good." 

Looking at the young master's satisfied face, he turned and left, and he was still standing in the room. 

The change in Shi Qing's attitude was obvious. 

Those who are higher than him and need to be flattered by him are like newborn baby cats. They are delicate and timid. They are careful to please and pretend to be weak. 

Compared with his low status, Shi Qing was arrogant, overbearing and unreasonable. He was coquettish and forceful, demanding others to pet him and follow him. 

When necessary, he will be soft to rely on his own arms, very natural request his protection. 

Yu chennian suddenly has an idea. 

If one day he will be able to gain power and sit on the throne. 

At that time, will Shiqing show such a coquettish and timid look at him? 

The milk cat that he could not touch in the past could be encircled in his arms in the future. 

That moment of peace that only when Shiqing wants to take a nap will be permanent. 

The young man's eyes were dark and heavy, but his expression was no longer as dull as the princes always thought. In one eye, his ambition gradually rose. 

He lowered his head and looked at his hands. Suddenly, he wanted to ascend the throne and sit on the Dragon chair representing the highest power.At that time, when the hands held the slender waist, it was no longer the young master who complained that his hands were too warm. If he wanted him to take it away, he would have to take it away. 

Ding! Yu chennian's rejection rate was 88 out of 100] 






 Since the first prince fell out with Shiqing and was driven out of the palace by the emperor, the remaining princes who had been close to him were even more intimate with him than their own brothers. 

After all, the first Prince Jane was in the heart of the emperor, and was a powerful candidate for the crown prince's position. As a result, he was beaten by Shi Qing, but was expelled from the palace instead of seeking justice. 

Before, they just wanted to please Shi Qing, but now they don't dare to offend him. 

Everyone knows that when I was indulged in arrogance, bad temper and like to get angry, before they thought that they were also the prince at all times, and that elder brother's brother was also on his lips when he was talking. I think there must be some points in his heart that he knew that they could not offend him. 

As a result, the great prince's painful lesson can be regarded as a solid one, which makes several princes wake up. 

Of course, they are very tacit understanding to forget that they also have fallen into trouble, as well as for the big brother was expelled from the "fight for Prince list" contribution. 

Shi Qing was only 14 years old in the end, and he was spoiled and grew up. His father and emperor also spoiled him. He was definitely not allowed to eat any grievances. 

Anyway, it's absolutely right to be careful with him. 

So the three people are very tacit understanding of the neglect of the Qing Dynasty to Yu chennian's all kinds of intensified. 

Since the last time when the Qing Dynasty said in front of the emperor that Yu chennian made friends with him, they were almost all together as long as they were in the palace. 

But in the eyes of the three princes, this is not a good thing for Yu chennian. 

If the Qing Dynasty used Yu chennian as his servant only occasionally, after the prince left, he simply wanted Yu chennian to follow him all day long. 

In the eyes of the three princes, this is Yu chennian as a personal servant. 

According to the information they heard, Yu chennian had a lunch break every day in the Qing Dynasty. It was said that Yu chennian was used to warm his feet. 

Shi Qing is picky, but the rule of the palace is that foreign ministers enter the palace and eat all the food they give. Although he secretly dumped the food before, others would pretend to be invisible, but perhaps Shiqing didn't let Yu chennian finish the insurance for him. Every time he ate, he took Yu chennian to hide in his room and threw the dishes he didn't like to eat. 

As for how they knew it, I only saw that the young master was no longer guilty and ran out with the food box in his arms. 

Even on a rare rest day, Shiqing refused to let Yu chennian go. He had a waist token and could go in and out of the palace at any time. 

On the day of rest, Shiqing still went into the palace and played with Yu chennian in the front garden. 

This play, you have to use quotation marks. 

He has been learning painting recently, but he has only learned it for three days. He said that he learned it from westerners. When he wants to draw a person, he must make the other person keep a few movements. 

Obviously, Yu chennian was the "model" of the Qing Dynasty. 

The noble prince was treated like this. Yu chennian lost his mother when he was a child. His adopted mother still lived in a deserted palace. From small to large, his status was not high. Only in this way can he endure the Qing Dynasty. 

If they change into them, what warm feet, let them eat what others don't want, and keep an action for half an hour can't move, any one is enough for them to get angry. 

How can a noble prince, the emperor's son, do such a mean thing. 

But Yu chennian was able to bear it. 

Therefore, the three princes felt that the youngest nine brothers were really cowardly and dull. 

Because the first Prince stepped on thunder and was taken out of the palace by Shiqing. This time, they all learned to be obedient, and no one bullied Yu chennian as before. 

After all, according to the logic of the young master of Shiqing, he should bully Yu chennian, but if someone moves Yu chennian, it is to hit him in the face. 

The young master who wants to face and blow up will definitely trample on the man who hit him at all costs. 

They don't think there's nothing wrong with bullying his younger brother. After all, although they can't bully Yu chennian, it's good to see him bullied by Shiqing. 

As long as you think of Yu chennian's humiliation, but they can only bear these insults, they are very happy. 

On this day, it was lunch time again. 

The lunch boxes were respectfully sent to their table by eunuchs. As usual, Shiqing raised his chin and called, "Yu chennian." 

So, the young man sitting at the back of the room quietly stepped forward. He took his food box in his left hand and picked up Shiqing skillfully with his right hand, like a silent servant. 

When he stood aside with two food boxes, the young master got up satisfied and swaggered toward the outside. 

Yu chennian followed him silently. 

Several princes who are asking the eunuch to open the food box for themselves look at each other. 

They even have some sympathy for Yu chennian. At least they are also a prince. They are humiliated by a minister. 

But the sympathy was just a flash. 

And then when Qing came to Yu chennian in the inner room, he didn't feel humiliated at all. 

As soon as he entered the room, Shiqing drove away the eunuch. He watched Yu chennian put two food boxes on the table and sat down cross legged.Yu chennian sat opposite him in silence, watching the young master open the food box with enthusiasm, then stretched out his chopsticks, and began to add what he did not like to eat into Yu chennian's food box. 

"Is this beef?" 

Shi Qing frowned and frowned, picked up a piece of meat and put it in front of him. He sniffed it gently, and his face immediately showed a disgusting expression: 

"it's so fishy. Isn't there a decent cook in the imperial dining room?" 

He curled his mouth and put the beef in his lunch box to Yu chennian. 

"A lot of meat, fish bones." 

"Why is there still a bowl of soup?" 

Shiqing opened the bottom of the first layer, and brought out a bowl of steaming soup. He stirred it with chopsticks and saw the ginseng at the bottom. 

Even in the imperial dining room, ginseng is very precious, and even because the imperial dining room grants a limited number of shares each month, the more rare things are more expensive. 

The reason why the soup appeared in Shi Qing's food box was probably because the imperial dining room knew that he was in a special position, and that he was willing to bow down to the great prince. He was a cruel person and deliberately added it to please him. 

Unfortunately, Shiqing is not an ordinary companion. 

He was a young master who grew up with delicacies and delicacies. He could not see this bowl of ginseng soup. When he saw that it was ginseng, he was not interested in pushing it aside. 

"Here you are." 

After that, Shiqing murmured that there was too much water in the imperial dining room, and that the dishes were not delicious, and that they were forced to count. At the same time, he picked out some dishes that he did not like to eat and threw them into the yuchennian food basin. 

When the selection is finished, the young master is satisfied with the meal. 

Although he usually looks arrogant and reserved, he comes from a family of aristocratic families. He really eats seriously and slowly, and is extremely delicate. 

Yu chennian's external image is silent most of the time. He can say two words to Shi Qing, but that's also when the young master asks him. 

Watching when Qing began to eat, has been sitting on the opposite side quietly watching him pick Yu chennian began to eat. 

He first ate what he had in his own box. 

Yu chennian sandwiched a chopstick to cook eggplant. Judging from the appearance, this dish has a very good color and looks delicious. 

But really into the mouth, only people who eat know how hard it tastes to swallow. 

Oil put a lot of, the outside as if burnt, but inside is raw, chew a few times, give a person the feeling is very indescribable. 

If it is replaced by the spoiled young master of Shiqing, I'm afraid that the first taste will be able to spit out. 

Yu chennian is still chewing and swallowing as usual. 

Only those who live in the palace know how terrible the life of the master who is not favored in the palace. 

The most important thing in this palace is the villains who step on the ground and hold high. What's more, Yu chennian's adoptive mother is the empress of Zhonggong who once stood high. Even if she didn't hurt anyone in the back seat, she was in the way of others. 

When she was the queen, these people had a grudge, but they couldn't help it. 

And when she fell from the back, into the cold palace, the stone will come one after another. 

Not only these masters, but even the palace people watch the dishes. 

For example, the imperial dining room is like this, favored, such as Shi Qing, do not need to say a word, he would like to send ginseng soup to please. 

For example, Yu chennian, most of the imperial dining rooms are deliberately practicing. When a good meal is cold, it is necessary to put it into a food box, and the dishes are all fooled around at will. 

Soup? You want soup? I really think I'm a very valuable person. 

This is also the way that the imperial dining room asks for money. If you want to eat well and eat hot food, you should pay for it. If you don't pay, you can eat cold rice and cold dishes. 

In any case, the Phoenix landing is not as good as the chicken. The masters who can be bullied and humiliated by them are sure to be unable to turn over in this life. 

Yu chennian, as the adopted son of the abandoned empress, has grown up like this since he was a child. 

For Shi Qing, it was just a piece of cake for him. 

He was old enough to eat more food every day than his share of food. As long as other princes were hungry, they could send food to the imperial dining room anytime and anywhere. 

Yu chennian was not favored. He certainly did not have this treatment. He even left a small portion of the case after layers of deduction, and even went to buy extra food with the share example. 

In the past, Yu chennian could only bear it. The day was fine. At night, his stomach was burning with hunger. 

But since Shi Qing had a fight with the emperor last time and established his position in the palace, his little tail has become higher, and he begins to throw the dishes he doesn't like to eat to Yu chennian. 

Eating nearly one and a half dishes a day, Yu chennian didn't wake up hungry in the middle of the night. 

After eating his own dishes, the youth began to eat the dishes given by Shi Qing. 

Although the young master dislikes this and that, his dishes are all carefully prepared by the masters of the imperial dining room.After all, if he is not happy to eat, a lawsuit to his majesty there, the imperial dining room will definitely eat. 

In fact, all kinds of dishes that Shi Qing disliked were very delicious. Even the ingredients were carefully selected. Yu chennian finished eating and finally drank the soup. 

A bowl of ginseng soup, as if the whole body is warm up. 

Ding! Yu chennian's rejection rate: 75 out of 100] 

Shi Qing was not unexpected. 

No matter what he does these days, Yu chennian can automatically and spontaneously reduce emissions. 

If it wasn't for the one month time limit, it would be nice to grind down his daily life and wait for him to fall down to 50. 

When Chen Yu finished eating, he didn't even take a bite. 

Seeing that the young man put down his chopsticks, his face showed a little unhappy, and he could not care about what food he ate and didn't say anything about sleep: 

"how can you always eat so fast? It's clear that you have more dishes than me." 

Yu chennian knows that this is the young master's problem of oppressing others in everything he does. 

Shiqing is arrogant and arrogant. The most proud thing is that he can suppress others. The most annoying thing is that he is oppressed by others. 

He looked at the angry young boy with a deep voice: "I don't eat so fast next time." 

"Am I the kind of person who needs to be asked by others?" 

Shi Qing was ungrateful at all. As soon as he put his chopsticks, he turned and sat down on the couch. He kicked off his boots and got into the bed. 

"On such a cold day, there is only a basin of charcoal in the room. How can people eat? I can't hold my chopsticks." 

He put his head into the quilt and got angry: "no more food!" 

Yu chennian took a look at the food he didn't move much. 

Although the amount of food is small, it is not enough. 

The youth got up and proposed, "it's better to eat on the couch." 

"How to eat on a couch wrapped in bedding." 

The young master wrapped himself into a baby silkworm. 

Silkworm baby is not happy in the bed roll over and over, finally squeezed out a small head, suddenly thought of something, eyes lit up. 

Jiaoli delicate command: "you feed me to eat." 

Perhaps he was afraid of Yu chennian's refusal. Waiting for him to answer, Shi Qing urged him: "what are you doing? Do you want to freeze me to death? Hurry up!" 

Yu chennian looked at the little young master who wrapped himself up on the couch with only one head exposed. His eyes darkened. He obediently carried the food box and sat beside the couch. 

Because all the dishes left behind were Shiqing's favorite dishes, the young master was too lazy to choose orally. 

He lay down directly on his back, covered with thick warm bedding, hands and feet inside, only showing his head, like a chick waiting to be fed. He opened his mouth and waited for food in peace. 

Yu chennian seldom has the opportunity to make such a choice for others. 

He first took a spoonful of rice, steamed with the best Wujiang rice. It was crystal clear in color, round in appearance, and soft and glutinous in taste, just as it was when sleeping in his arms during lunch break. 

The spoon was handed to the boy's mouth. He closed his mouth and began to chew. His face was satisfied that he didn't have to hold chopsticks in cold weather. 

Yu chennian took another ball. 

When Qing is still obedient to eat. 

Looking at what to eat and what to give, Yu chennian's heart gradually entangled with other tastes. 

He felt sweet, like honey, because he was willing to let him feed at such a delicate time. 

And because for Shi Qing, he was just a man who was very easy to handle. 

This taste is like Yu chennian. When I was hungry, I climbed to the tree and picked the persimmon. After a bite, it was all astringent, but my burning stomach was saved. It was very complicated. 

Young people are so complicated, and slowly feed the young people who have opened their mouths and other food. 

Full, when Qing played a small yawn, a pair of always with pride of Pan round eyes also began to vaguely close up. 

He's sleepy. 

The sleepy young master didn't go to bed immediately. Instead, he rolled on the quilt and let himself go to the inner side. Then he patted the couch and urged: 

"I want to sleep. Please come up quickly." 

Yu chennian is still silent on the couch, skilled into the bed. 

As soon as he went in, the boy with a warm air on his body rubbed to his side and pulled his arm out to drill into his arms skillfully. 

Drilling, when Qing came out of his head and poked him: "how do I think you seem to grow stronger?" 

Yu chennian felt the young boy's tender hands stabbing his body. His body was tensed involuntarily. His throat was a little astringent. His voice was normal. 

"There are some." 

These days, he ate and slept well every day, and occasionally he could drink some tonic soup. He was a fast-growing age. In less than half a month, he was taller and stronger along with his meat."You're growing so fast." 

With a little envy in the tone of the Qing Dynasty, Baba poked Yu chennian with the same carefree attitude: "I haven't eaten less good food since I was a child, but now I'm still so weak. If only I could be as strong as you are." 

Yu chennian thinks that the young master is also good. 

She is delicate and soft, and every point on her body is just right. She looks slender, but she has soft meat in her hand. 

Only that thin waist, like a hand can hold. 

Because he was controlled by others since he was a child, Yu chennian preferred the feeling that he could grasp everything with one hand. 

Obviously, Shi Qing is in this preference. 

The young master still said: "fortunately, I am not very old now, and I can grow longer. When I am your age, I should not be like this now." 

When he said this, young people gradually put together a 17-year-old young master. 

His stature will certainly be higher, and his eyebrows and eyes will also be able to grow. If he had, he would not be much worse than now. 

The thin skeleton can't be changed, but I don't know if Shiqing will be like this now, tucking himself in his arms and gently poking him with his white fingertips, which are tender and have no cocoons. 

When Qing is envious of a few words, finished, then pick in his arms, and snore big sleep. 

Yu chennian alone, inexplicably by the imagination of the future scene to make the whole body hot. 

He did not move his body to disturb the afternoon break, but no longer sleepy. 

Can only so stare at the beam, just so motionless, open eyes lying in the afternoon.





 With five days to go before the deadline of one month, Yu chennian's exclusion degree ended at 55, and his daily life did not decline. 

The system began to fret. 

The way it frets is in a whisper of broken words: 

[host, host Is it really OK? Does it really matter? There are five days left. ] 

the system that learns to whine can't move Shiqing, whose heart is as hard as iron. 

Now it's time for lunch break. Yu chennian hasn't woken up yet. 

He is comfortable in Yu chennian's arms and feels the heat from the youth. He enjoys it very much: 

[what's the hurry? Don't you notice that Yu chennian's body is getting better and better? ] 

he pokes at the firm muscles in front of him as he talks, so don't whine in such a wonderful moment. ] 

[hum ] The system just managed to swallow the rest of the hum back, and pathetically said, "but it's five days and a month away. ] 

[if the rejection rate does not drop to 50, we will be thrown out of the world consciousness. We are five points short, only five ] 

if it's too far away, or if it's hopeless, it won't be so anxious. 

Isn't that five times short?! 

If you try hard, you will be stable! 

It's a pity that there is a gap of five, but Yu chennian refuses to go down again. 

Time Qing is still so not anxious. 

My dear, when you go to see the classic of mountains and seas, there is a picture version. ] 

the system has always been unable to take its own host. Seeing Shiqing's refusal to cooperate, it can only run away with a whimper. 

When it left, Shiqing was still the same as before, taking advantage of Yu chennian's sleep, he poked at the youth wantonly and took advantage of it. 

Until the strong muscles of the hand moved, slightly bulging, and then, a slender big hand came and held Shiqing's hand in the palm. His hand was very powerful, but only slightly circled the young white tender fingertip, and did not hurt him. 

"Are you awake?" 

While others are asleep, the young master who makes small movements does not feel guilty at all. He says hello naturally, and then pulls out his hand and continues to poke. 

"How do I think you're firmer than before? It's too fast." 

Yu chennian tried to let himself ignore his small movements and said in a deep voice: "there are more meals these days." 

"I also eat a lot of ah, how I just a little fat belly." 

When Qing bowed his head and touched his abdomen, his face was not happy: "the height is not long." 

Yu chennian looked at his flat abdomen and said honestly, "you are not fat." 

"Why not fat, grow a lot of meat." 

The little young master's temper came up again, and he took Yu chennian's hand and fell on his abdomen: "touch it and see how much meat it is." 

Let Yu chennian's hand go up, Shi Qing's white tender face was full of unhappiness, and continued to mutter: 

"it's really strange that I go in and out with you on weekdays, and the food is almost the same. Why can you grow tall and strong, and the meat is so hard, I can only grow a group of fat." 

Yu chennian's ear is a young boy's discontented hum and haw, his hands feel what he said fat. 

In fact, it's not fat. It's flat or flat. It's just a little soft stomach. With enough food and drink on this winter's day, someone warms up the bed and makes it more soft and tender. 

Through the clothes, Yu chennian could even think of how delicate and tender this piece of meat should be. There was not much soft meat that could be pinched, only a small handful. 

It can only be described in four words: rich and tender. 

Young people almost unconsciously knead with their fingers. 

"Ah 

His body was immediately itching like a live fish. 

The indignation of Shi Qing's discontent glared at Yu chennian: "what do you do?" 

When Yu chennian was glared at angrily by him, he realized what he had done. His hand immediately dropped and his head slightly lowered: 

"sorry." 

"Hum!" 

The young master got up from the warm quilt, because of his nap, his white face was still red, and he looked shy. 

After he sat down, he announced, "today I made an appointment with my good friend to play, and you will come with me." 

Not waiting for Yu chennian to respond, he first overbearing: "do not come, I have told your majesty, he also agreed to let you out of the palace with me." 

Yu chennian was silent for a few seconds 

He looked at Shiqing, and as soon as he agreed, he immediately beamed with joy. His eyebrows and eyes revealed a kind of proud pedaling and pedaling. The sense of self satisfaction had already penetrated his whole body, and he could guess a little young master's mind from the bottom of his heart. 

I'm afraid it's something he showed off with his friends outside the palace. It's probably a prince who follows him as a valet. 

The young master who wanted to show off soon got up and called the eunuch outside to dress himself. He hastily urged Yu chennian."Hurry up 

Obviously, it is the tone of command, but because of the natural soft waxy tone, it seems to be in the Jiaoqi sajiao. 

Yu chennian stood up in silence and began to dress. 

After living here for a long time in Shiqing, his few cloaks were also left here. 

Perhaps the little boy himself did not find that he more and more like to stick to Yu chennian. 

No matter what you do, you should accompany Yu chennian. If you don't, you will not be happy. 

But Yu chennian's mood became more and more complicated with the passage of time. 

Shiqing is willing to take him wherever he goes. He is very happy. 

But at the same time, the bottom of my heart seems to be holding something. 

Shiqing only regarded him as an entourage or playmate, but he wanted more than that. 

He wants more. 

When Qing changed his clothes and heard that someone outside had made a basin of ice sculpture of peony flowers, he ran out to have a look. 

Only the eunuch who served was left in the room, Yu chennian and the eunuch who came to tell Shiqing that there were ice sculptures. 

Young people are used to arranging their waist ornaments. 

"Your Highness, come on, maidservant..." 

The eunuch went forward with a low eyebrow and began to help Yu chennian to sort it out. 

The eunuchs who served on the Qing Dynasty despised this scene. 

However, it is a prince who is not favored and who can step on his feet. He is still so fawning. It is really hard to see the situation. 

He didn't want to stand here to watch Yu chennian get dressed. He turned around and went out to look for Shi Qing. 

There are only two people left in the house. 

Yu chennian opened his arms and raised his head slightly, but his temperament was quite different from that of ordinary people. He asked in a low voice, "what's the matter?" 

The eunuch replied: "it's true that your highness is right. The Hu people have repeatedly violated the border and have captured three cities, but they are all desolate places." 

"As long as the territory of our country is desolate or not, it will be a great shame to be captured by other countries. I am afraid that the central government will make trouble." 

There was no redundant expression on the young man's face, but asked, "who is the general of the Hu people going to war?" 

"It's their second prince, who has always been brave and good at fighting." 

Yu chennian: "you go back and tell your uncle to contact some old troops. When the war comes back, ask them to write a letter. Since the Hu people are princes, and our country has been captured by three cities in a row, it is better for the prince to lead the army to recapture the city before it can boost the national prestige." 

"Yes." 

"And tell my uncle that I'm going to fight in the end." 

The eunuch was surprised and raised his head in a hurry: "Your Highness?" 

Yu chennian waved: "step back." 

The eunuch hesitated for a few seconds, but he bowed and left respectfully. 

The young man stood in the room for a while, then stepped out of the door, went to the end of the corridor, and saw the young boy who was looking at the ice sculpture with great interest. 

He had a bright smile and was rarely proud of himself. Just like a child, he touched the petals carefully with his white fingertips. 

Is playing happily, when Qing unintentionally a look back to see him, immediately smile and wave to let him come over: "Yu chennian, you see this flower carving more like." 

The young master was born prematurely. In the past, his family didn't allow him to touch the ice even in summer. What's more, he made ice sculptures for him in winter. 

So, this is the first time he has seen ice sculpture. 

The youth strode past. 

Looking at the crystal clear ice sculpture, he suddenly asked, "do you like peony flowers? Or ice sculpture? " 

Shiqing hummed, gently kicked Yu chennian and lifted his chin with pride: 

"I won't tell you." 

Yu chennian did not get the answer and was not lost. 

He looked at the basin of ice sculpture in front of him. 

Think, since time Qing does not say, that is like peony ice sculpture. 

If one day, he will fill the palace with peony ice sculptures. 

At that time, Shiqing would be happier.





 On the fifth day from the bottom of a month, the Qing Dynasty and Yu Chen year left the palace. 

Go straight to the brothel with a clear goal. 

When Yu chennian followed, when Qing stood at the gate of the brothel, his face was not very good-looking. When he saw the young man's expression of "I'm familiar here", he was welcomed in by several enthusiastic girls, and his eyes were already heavy. 

"Oh!! When you are young 

When Qing went in, the procuress came up with a smile on her face. Her tone was very friendly: "you haven't come for several days. It's sunny and green. They've been looking forward to you for a long time." 

"It's so cold that I can't bear to go out." 

The young master is used to this kind of situation that the stars support the moon. He waved his hand and said casually: "today I brought someone here. You can choose some better girls for me. You should have good looks and good dances." 

"Ah! Ah! Don't worry. There are many good girls here. " 

The procuress finished, saw when Qing went up the stairs, and turned to catch Yu chennian's arm warmly: "my Lord, you are a stranger. I don't know which childe is it?" 

Yu chennian raised his head and took a look at the young master who did not go back to the stairs. He calmly shook off the old lady's hand. 

The procuress was stunned, "Ye you..." 

She looked at the young man. 

The bottom of her eyes was full of anger. It was just a calm face, but it made her whole person tremble and her face turned white. 

"What are you doing, slow to death." 

Standing at the top of the stairs when Qing finally found that Yu chennian did not follow up, impatiently turned to urge: "hurry up, I will freeze to death." 

Yu chennian takes back the cold look to the procuress's line of sight, stuffy does not make a sound to go up the stairs, all the way follow when clear to his habitual room. 

As soon as I entered the door, there was a smell of fragrance. The young master coughed several times. He was blowing the wind on the tip of his nose and muttering: 

"the fragrance is too strong. Last time I wanted to say, what kind of fragrance do you use? It's boring. Change it quickly." 

Yu chennian, who came in after him, asked in a light tone: "do you often come here?" 

"Of course." 

When the Qing Dynasty is familiar with the way to sit on the chair, full of reasonable face to push the teapot to Yu chennian direction: "quickly pour me a cup of tea to warm up, this weather is also too cold." 

The young man sat down in silence, pouring tea and saying, "how old are you? You often come to this kind of place." 

"There are a lot of husbands of my age who are engaged. Isn't it normal for me to have fun?" 

Have fun. 

Hearing these three words, Yu chennian held the handle of the teapot tightly and seemed to have a fire in his heart. 

Yes. 

Xu is because Qing is always pestering him these days, he has forgotten. 

The reputation of the prodigal son of the Qing Dynasty spread throughout the capital. He never covered it up, even showed off. 

Before that, he also said that the hands of the top girls in brothels were hard to touch, and he wanted to ask his father for a beautiful maiden. 

Ding! Yu chennian's rejection rate is 70] 

[Ding! Yu chennian's rejection degree 71] 

[Ding! Yu chennian's rejection rate 72] 

the system is about to cry. 

[host, he drank a cup of tea when he was madly increasing the rejection degree: 

don't worry. ] 

the door was opened from the outside, and the Orioles and swallows came in with a fragrant wind, "I haven't been here for a long time." 

"I miss you so much. How can I be so cruel that I don't come to see me for a full month." 

Shi Qing was surrounded by a group of girls, and she looked very comfortable. She was very skillful with them: 

"where is a month? It's cold recently. I just didn't come for a few days. Didn't I come the other two days?" 

All the girls laughed and argued: 

"my master is sophistication. I said you didn't see me. Last time you came, you didn't look for me. I have been waiting for you for a month." 

"Yes, sir. If it's cold outside, it's warm and tight in our building. According to your order, this room has a fire basin for 12 hours." 

Shi Qing is like a beautiful woman who is infatuated with beauty at the moment. She doesn't seem to be arrogant to others before. She is good-looking. What you say is what you say 

Sitting on one side and watching him sink into the beauty of Yu chennian's face more and more ugly, holding the teapot hand blue veins slowly with force burst out. 

It never occurred to him that he would stay in the palace until dusk almost every day, and that he could still spare time to come to the brotherhood. 

-- CLICK 

When the teapot handle broke, Yu chennian suddenly came back to himself and threw the handle on the table in silence. 

He looked up and didn't notice Shiqing. 

If you break something in the palace, the young master must laugh at him for not taking a teapot well.But now, Shi Qingzheng was busy reminiscing about the past with a group of girls, and did not look at this side. 

Yu chennian's face became darker. 

He was full of low air pressure, and when he didn't squeeze, the girls around him were scared by his aura, and they didn't dare to go forward. They looked so pitiful. 

Fortunately, when Qing Dynasty reminisces old enough, Yang Sheng way: "today saw you, the young master is in a good mood, sings some happy song." 

"Ah 

Shi Qing was always generous, and was more generous when he was in a good mood. Listening to him, the girls all got up happily, playing the piano, singing and dancing. 

There was a stir in the room. 

The young master sat on the chair with a happy face. He peeled the peanuts while watching. He looked around and looked around. He called out to the outside, "is there anyone out there?" 

"Oh, here it is." 

For a guest of high status like him, the brothel usually arranges a servant to wait at the door. When Shiqing called out, a young boy came in immediately. 

"Sir, what can I do for you?" 

"You go." 

When Qing threw a ingot of broken silver at him, and saw that he had caught it, he picked his chin. "Go downstairs and watch. If someone I know is coming, I'll report it quickly." 

"Well, I'll go now." 

The boy holding the silver, smiling teeth out of sight, without saying a word, he went out, closed the door and went downstairs. 

As soon as he left, Shiqing threw the peanuts on his hand into the plate, and said to him, "how hard is it to peel these peanuts?" 

The young master is particularly righteous: "Yu chennian, you peel it for me." 

The young man has not spoken since the girls came in just now. In a group of hot and noisy music and songs, he looks ugly and sits in silence, especially out of place. 

Several girls had been careful to avoid him just now. 

However, Shi Qing seemed not to notice that he was still enjoying the song and dance in a good mood. Seeing that Yu chennian did not act or speak, he was dissatisfied with his beautiful face. 

He directly grabbed the young man's long hand, and then put it on the plate, urging: "You peel it for me, I will not peel it." 

Yu chennian: "I will not." 

It was the first time that he refused himself. The expression on the young master's face immediately pulled down, and he took up his hand unhappily. Maybe the relationship between the two was quite good. He didn't turn over his face and murmured in his mouth: 

"I'm kind enough to bring you out to see the world. What's your attitude? You don't want to peel a peanut." 

"Forget it, don't you, ah, you..." He called out to the dancing girls, "anybody, peel the peanuts for me." 

A gorgeous girl stopped from kindness and came forward with a smile, "master, I'll strip you." 

Watching her a pair of delicate jade hands to fall on the top of the peanut, the plate was suddenly the whole youth to carry up. 

The girl looked at Yu chennian who put the plate in front of her and began to peel peanuts. She was stunned. 

It's time for Qingle to say, "don't you?" 

Yu chennian did not speak, only the silent peeling of peanuts. 

The girl looked at him, and then at Shiqing: "master?" 

Shiqing waved her hand to let her go down, and hem and haw raised her small chin, and looked at Yu chennian haughtily: "well peel, peel clean, I don't like the crispy inside, all of them come down." 

Yu chennian is silent, only when Shiqing's sight falls on the girls again, he throws the crushed peanuts aside. 

The young master didn't realize how bad the mood of others was. He was still happily watching songs and dances. He even leaned on Yu chennian's shoulder skillfully. He looked at the direction of the song and dance without blinking his eyes. His ruddy mouth opened for feeding. 

Not being fed peanuts, he did not go to see Yu chennian. Instead, he leaned on the youth, and his little white hand was not happy to push: "Why are you so slow? Peel it quickly." 

Is complaining that Yu chennian peels a peanut so slowly, outside suddenly comes a knock on the door. 

When Qing didn't get up from the youth's shoulder, he leaned lazily on it: "come in." 

The boy came in respectfully and said, "Master Wu is here." 

Shi Qing suddenly sat upright. 

"OK, OK, I see. You go down and tell Wu Er that I'm here. Keep watching." 

As soon as the boy answered and went out, the young master said to the girls who were playing the piano, singing and dancing: "two people here." 

When the two girls came, the young master asked them to sit down. He held them with open arms, and murmured to him: 

"you should lean on me. Hurry up and get closer." 

The girls are used to it. They lean on each other and smile and act coquettishly: "we are close enough to the master." 

"Yes, sir. Don't worry. Mr. Wu certainly can't see anything."Yu chennian looks at this scene and reveals some doubts in his eyes. 

Before that, Shiqing was surrounded by many girls, but at that time he only had flowers on his mouth and no movement on his hands. 

Now it's a little closer. It just doesn't look like he wants to do something, but he wants to make the second childe of Wu think he is doing something. 

Without hesitation, he directly asked Shi Qing, "what do you do?" 

"Can't you see that?" 

The young master hemmed and hawed, embracing two beauties who were taller than him, and raised his head with pride: "Wu Er knows I'm here, and he will come to say hello to me." 

Yu chennian looks at and finishes this sentence in silence, then continues to concave modeling time Qing. 

So what? 

What's the relationship between Wu er's coming up and his pretending to be a beautiful woman? 

When Qing Dynasty saw Yu chennian still staring at himself, tut said: 

"Why are you so stupid? You play together. If you ask my friends to see me come to the brothel just to watch songs and dances, they will surely laugh at me." 

Finish this sentence, he saw the youth in front of him slowly, slowly toward himself showed a smile. 

[yuchennian rejection: 65 out of 100] 

[yuchennian exclusion: 60 out of 100] 

[yuchennian exclusion: 53 out of 100] 

Shiqing: [suppress first, then promote, six not six. ] 

the system screamed with excitement: [the host is so powerful!! It's almost the last three!! ] 

in Yu chennian's eyes, the young master was full of doubts, and because he was inexplicably laughing, he gave him a kick: 

"what are you laughing at?" 

"Nothing." 

Naturally, Yu chennian would not tell him what he was laughing at. He just stretched out his hand and quickly peeled a peanut and handed it to the young man's lips. 

Obviously, Shi Xiaoye took the peanut as his flattery, opened his mouth and ate the peanut. He chewed it, with a trace of pride in his beautiful eyebrows and eyes. 

As expected, the second young master of Wu came to say hello. When he saw the Qing Dynasty, he was also used to it. 

When he left, the young master immediately released the two girls, "what fragrance do you use? It's choking." 

The girls are all waiters, and they don't want to face like a decent girl. After hearing this, they just smile back: 

"slaves don't have much savings, so they can't afford good incense." 

They are supposed to serve people. If they say this, they may even annoy the guests if they have a bad temper. 

But the young master, who had always been bad tempered and arrogant, didn't look angry at all. Instead, he seemed to pity them. 

Shiqing took out a silver note and put it directly on the table. He said generously, "you can take this money and share it. Next time I come back, I won't use such choking incense. It's really fuming." 

"Thank you very much." 

The girl who said this had an immediate look of joy. 

The silver ticket is also at least fifty Liang denomination, which is a reward for the guests. The lady will only have to go half way. They will share the rest of the silver with each other, and there are a lot of them. 

With the silver, several girls serve more vigorously. 

Even the dancing posture is much softer. 

The girls were in a good mood, and Shi Qing was in a good mood. Even Yu chennian knew that the young master only wanted face, so he deliberately put on an old hand in love and felt much more comfortable. 

The atmosphere in the room can't be better. 

The young man peeled the peanuts and fed it to Shi Qing, who was leaning against him to watch the song and dance. Seeing his eyes fixed, he asked casually: 

"you are very kind to these women." 

Young master also did not hide: "yes, I was a cherish woman since I was a child, do not know all the capital city?" 

Yu chennian was calm this time. 

"But I see that you don't cherish women as much as they preach." 

At least in addition to the stage of acting, Shi Qing did not take advantage of these women. 

Shi Qing: "it doesn't matter. I don't lack the reputation of that idea." 

The two people who stayed to serve tea and water listened to their conversation and interposed: "among many guests we have met, my master is the most kind-hearted. If you didn't come to our building a few days ago, the girl who was beaten and scolded by the guests would have suffered a great crime." 

The young master waved his hand and was very proud: "it's nothing, but I can't get used to that old guy's arrogance. He's an old helper and wants to fight with me. I can kick him down with only my feet." 

The girl directly ignored the fact that the client was scared to get down when he reported to his family. She blew rainbow fart with admiration: 

"yes, where can he beat me?" 

Yu chennian listened and frowned abruptly. "Is someone going to fight with you?" 

"Just an old man."Then he snorted coldly: "I said that I didn't like my wives and concubines. I wanted to come to the brothel to have fun. As a result, I hated the girls in the building for their naked clothes and scolded them for a long time, but they didn't even want to beat people. I just gave them up." 

The girl poured him a cup of tea: "most of the guests who came to the brothel only regarded us as playthings. Seeing that the girl was beaten, and there were others who were cheering around, we were grateful to you for your help." 

When I was praised, I was more proud. 

"It's nothing. I don't like men who don't care for women. Especially those who think that the women in the family are dignified and come to the brothel to have fun, and that the girls in the brothel are too frivolous to make trouble. If they are too frivolous, don't come to the brothel. But there's something wrong with it. My father is the prime minister and I'm not so arrogant." 

"Yes, you are right." 

The girl was blind in the face of the gold Lord. She was totally regarded as the first arrogant dandy in the capital city in the Qing Dynasty. 

The young master was so happy that he leaned on Yu chennian's shoulder more and more fiercely. 

"You don't have to keep it in your heart next time. You can tell me that this kind of man who takes his wife and concubine to talk with him outside is disgusting." 

"Why hasn't Liu Sanlang come yet? I've been playing here for a long time." 

When Qing got up, his clothes were a little crooked because he had rubbed on Yu chennian before. 

Yu chennian also stood up and helped him to arrange his clothes naturally. 

The young master also let him finish, and complained: "I made an appointment with him yesterday. He didn't oversleep." 

Next to the waiting girl put down the teapot: "Mr. Liu came to our building last night. I'm afraid he really went to sleep." 

When Qing immediately frowned good-looking eyebrows, "this Liu San, always so do not trust." 

"Forget it, all of you don't jump. Take a rest. I'll go out and have a look." 

With that, he took Yu chennian out of the door. 

After standing for a while at the railing, they saw two Langjun walking towards this side, laughing and talking. 

Their voices were not loud, but because of the close distance, Shi Qing and Yu chennian listened to their words clearly. 

"Brother Chen, you stay in the brothel all night. Won't the princess have any problem? Look at the fifth son-in-law. I don't even dare to see a woman on the street. " 

The man named brother Chen was very proud and waved his hand and said, "what's the matter? The second princess is cowardly. Don't say that I come to visit the brothel. Even if I welcome twenty concubines back, she doesn't dare to have any opinions." 

On hearing these three words, Yu chennian's expression immediately froze. 

The second princess was born by his foster mother. 

When he was a few years old, he had no time to take care of Yu chennian. Most of the time, the second princess came to accompany his half brother. 

Later, he followed the waste empress into the cold palace, the second princess just arrived at the age, was married to a third grade official's legitimate eldest son. 

The family name is Chen. 

They are still saying: 

"really? That's the Queen's daughter, your Majesty's daughter. Even if she has a good temper, it's not much better. " 

"I can't cheat you. My mother told her to stand by the rules at home every day. She didn't dare to fart. Last time I took a brothel woman back, she said she didn't want to serve with prostitutes. I slapped her and cried for several days, but she still wanted to serve me." 

Chen's husband, who was full of wine, was quite disgusted with the tone: 

"I tell you, it's a princess. The fifth princess's mother is a noble concubine. The one in my family is a waste empress. She doesn't even have the waist token to get in and out of the palace, so there's no foundation to quarrel with me." 

When Qing turned his head and looked at Yu chennian standing beside him. 

He lowered his head and could not see the expression on his face, but he could see that his whole body was tensed tightly. His hands on the railing were even more tightly clenched into fists, so hard that his arms were shaking. 

He didn't want to bear it. 

But it must be tolerated. 

Even the son of a third grade official could not afford to offend him before he was in power. 

"Let's go back to the house," he said in a low voice 

"Wait a minute." 

Shi Qing left the railing and followed the two men. When they were about to go downstairs, Shi Qing stood behind them and kicked him in the butt. 

In a flash, the young master Chen, who was just talking, rolled down the stairs. 

Seeing him go down, the young master ran down the stairs. 

"Who!! Who? I don't want to live anymore! " 

Mr. Chen was dizzy. He just got up, and before he finished two cruel words, he was hit by Qing Qing on the ground like a little leopard.The people next to him still wanted to stop him. When he saw that Shi Qing was the one who hit him, he stood on the side hesitantly and advised him orally: 

"shixiaoye, how can you start your hand well? Don't fight any more." 

"I just want to fight!" 

Shiqing also took time to return a sentence, and then ignored the scream of Mr. Chen, almost punched him in the face. 

Yu chennian also came down from the upstairs and stopped the young master who was very aggressive in beating people: 

"OK, don't fight." 

If things get so big that they get to the emperor, they know that Shi Qing beat people for the sake of the second princess. According to his father's temperament, at most, he just reprimands the Chen family. 

When the time comes, Mr. Chen, who has lost face and was beaten again, will still find the second princess to vent his anger. 

"Well, I'll let you go for the time being." When the Qing Dynasty along Yu chennian to get up, but also feel not enough to relieve gas, by the way severely kicked a foot on the ground of the bruised Mr. Chen. 

Mr. Chen screamed bitterly. He was helped to stand up and said, "Shiqing!! You don't think that's enough! Today I must sue your majesty! " 

Before that, the young master, who still said that he was not arrogant at all, was held in his arms by the youth behind him, but he still wanted to rush up and hit people: 

"you go! You go 

"When I was the son of the Prime Minister of Qing Dynasty, could I be afraid of you, the son of a third grade official?" 

This sentence is really hateful. 

Mr. Chen's body was shaking. He held out his finger and pointed to Shi Qing, who was full of arrogance!! Good!! You wait for me 

Seeing him go, the procuress hurriedly came down to play round the field: "Oh, don't surround yourself." 

"Sir, you should be calm. What's the matter? How could it be a good fight? " 

"It's OK." 

When the Qing Dynasty was Yu chennian holding waist, cold hum: "go, we go on to drink." 

Yu chennian: "I'm afraid he will go to his father and complain." 

"Go, go! I'm afraid he won't do it. " 

The young master hummed: "if he goes, I have my own way to deal with him." 

"All right, let me go. I'm still holding them when they're gone." 

Yu chennian released his hand obediently. 

"In fact, you don't have to do it. His father is from Yushitai. If you beat his legitimate eldest son and say something like that, even if there is a reason, it still doesn't make sense." 

Shi Qing was not afraid at all. He was still haughty and held up his chin: "I know in my heart that the second princess is your sister, and you are my man. If he insults the second princess, he is insulting me." 

"If you insult me, I will never let him feel better!" 

Yu chennian looked at him with a dark and frightening sight. 

Even though he knew that the young master was so unreasonable and protective, when the matter of "Shiqing was for him" was put in front of him, he was in a mess. 

The young man said in a deep voice: "in the end, I am not striving for success. If I can be a supporter for elder sister Huang, the Chen family will not bully her like this." 

"Ah 

Shi Qing gave him a push: "man, husband, what are you doing? You are the people around me. How can you be contaminated with my intelligence? In the future, the prince will surely be better than those who dare not even catch snakes." 

Finished, the young master is very perfunctory to stand on tiptoe to pat Yu chennian's head: "I believe you, you can certainly be better than them, then bring you out, more face." 

With that, he turned and went up the stairs again: "OK, let's go and watch the song and dance." 

Under the stairs, Yu chennian looks at his back when he goes upstairs. 

Young people are brisk and carefree. 

He said, trust him. 

Ding! Yu chennian's rejection rate: 50 out of 100] 

[Ding! Yu chennian's rejection rate: 49 out of 100] 

[Ding! Yu chennian's rejection rate: 48 out of 100] 

the system has been exploded again, so excited that he can't even speak easily. 

My God, the host!! God!! ] 

Shi Qing smiles. ] 

the system looked at the rejection rate record It's really exciting today. 

So, its host is really a big guy! 

After an hour, he was called to the palace by the people sent by the palace. 

Without advice, he swaggered into the carriage. 

Of course, there is Yu chennian. 

When he got to the hall, he saw the emperor sitting at the top of the hall. At the bottom of the hall, Mr. Chen was black and blue, crying with tears. Beside him, there was an old man with an angry face in his official uniform. When he saw Shiqing come in, he still glared at him. 

Shiqing glared back at him without looking at Mr. Chen, and knelt down in front of him. 

"Shi Qing greets his majesty." 

Yu chennian also knelt down: "children minister to father emperor please.""Well." 

The Emperor didn't cry this time. Obviously, Mr. Chen and his father had already filed a complaint. 

He asked, "Shiqing, do you know why I asked you to come?" 

"The minister guessed it out." 

The little boy was not afraid at all. He even looked back at Mr. Chen with a smile: "I have an appointment with Mr. Chen to play with the cloth storehouse. Seeing his appearance, he must have lost his tricks and came to his majesty to sue me." 

"You're talking nonsense!" 

Mr. Chen suddenly knelt down and straightened up: "I'm nearly ten years away from you. I can't play with you. How can I play with you?" 

"It's clear that you are baffled by me and pushed me down the stairs without saying anything, but you still beat me hard..." He climbed forward two steps and kowtowed to the Emperor: 

"Your Majesty, the courtiers heard that his father was the prime minister, and he was not afraid that I was the son of a third grade official. Your majesty, listen to me!! Shi Qing was so arrogant, relying on his father's official position to act like this. It's really bad conduct! " 

One side of the Lord Chen also kowtow: "your majesty!! Although the old minister is only a third grade official, he is also devoted to his Majesty's sake. How can he tolerate this child's abusive words! " 

The situation at the scene is still very unfavorable to the time. 

The emperor was not worried, only continued to ask: "Shiqing, do you have anything to refute." 

"Naturally, there are ministers." 

The young boy's waist is very straight, and his face is also very upright: "what Mr. Chen said is not complete. I'll add it." 

"What I said is that no matter the son of the prime minister or the son of a third grade official should be loyal to the country and cherish his majesty. In terms of respect for his majesty, I, the prime minister's son, think I am better than Mr. Chen." 

"I respect your majesty, so I want to learn everything from your majesty. Your majesty likes to drink Jinyu soup, and I also like to drink Jinyu soup. Your majesty has been diligent and never slack off in the early days. I also get up early in the morning and go to the palace to study. Your Majesty is broad-minded. I will also be tolerant to people, and never talk too much. Your majesty is honest with others, so I always count on my words." 

This seems to be how Shi Qing respected the emperor. 

Actually, it's crazy about rainbow farting. 

But the emperor did. 

He always felt that he was diligent and tolerant, but no one praised him. He thought that as an emperor, it was basic. 

Now by time Qing such a boast, only feel whole body is comfortable, facial expression is a little soft. 

Mr. Chen: "you are nonsense!! What you said is that you are not afraid of me 

"Well, why should I be afraid of you?" 

Mr. Chen: "you beat me for no reason. You're afraid I'll make decisions with your majesty." 

Shiqing hem: "you said that, very unreasonable, we have a good appointment with buku, how can it be for no reason, you have forgotten why we asked for a job, I will help you remember." 

"When I say I respect your majesty, I like what your majesty likes and what I like. I respect your Majesty's children from the bottom of my heart. But you have a dispute with me in respect of the prince's son and daughter." 

Mr. Chen suddenly stopped. 

He looked at Shi Qing in disbelief, and Shi Qing was still making up a lot of lies. He said, "I said, we are ministers. No matter my father is the prime minister, or your father is a third grade official, no matter how big the official is, we are only ministers. The ministers should respect the royal family. If a minister does not care about his Majesty's children, does it not mean that he does not even let his majesty go In my heart, if this man puts his Majesty's children in the same room with other lowly people, then he is not in the same room as his majesty and the lowly people. " 

Mr. Chen began to sweat on his forehead. 

Shi Qing added: "who will not care about your majesty? Isn't it a traitor with a rebellious intention! If there is such a person, let me deal with it. I will certainly have to chop off his hands and feet and send him to the execution ground. " 

Mr. Chen's feet began to soften, and he was sweating all over. 

The emperor's eyes were short-sighted at the top. He could not see the expression of Mr. Chen at the bottom. He agreed and nodded: "you are right." 

Take Yu chennian for example. Even if he doesn't like this son himself, his other sons can bully Yu chennian. He can turn a blind eye. 

If he was told to see the palace people bullying the prince, he would certainly be furious. 

As soon as the emperor opened his mouth, Mr. Chen's cold sweat became faster. 

Shi Qing had a good smile: "I had a dispute with Mr. Chen about how to deal with this kind of person, so I decided to use the cloth storehouse to divide the victory and defeat. The loser won." 

The young boy turned his head and took a look at Mr. Chen, who suddenly breathed a sigh of relief when he heard the last sentence he said: "it's just that Mr. Chen is so cheap that he came to complain to his majesty when he lost. He also dragged Mr. Chen to come." 

He sighed a long sigh, as if he was very sorry: "well, before we played the cloth storehouse, we also agreed that if anyone didn't accept the account, he would take the 20 boards." 

Lord Chen was infuriated by his nonsense. 

"Nonsense! My son was beaten by you for no reason. Your majesty, this matter must be investigated clearly, otherwise... ""Shi Qing is right 

The sudden appearance of Mr. Chen interrupted the conversation. 

Chen looked at his son incredulously: "what do you say?" 

Mr. Chen felt bitter. 

He didn't want to say that, but if he didn't say so, what would Shiqing do if he did not say that. 

Broken hands, broken feet, on the execution ground, how did he eat so hard. 

"I was right when I said it. It was It's me and him. The injuries on my face are all from playing with buku 

Mr. Chen is confused. 

Shi Qing turned his head: "it doesn't matter, I forgive you, but this board, if you don't want to fight, don't fight." 

Mr. Chen is really going to cry. Before that, Shiqing said that his majesty treats people with integrity. 

He is soft leg, ground head desperately: "hit!! I want to fight 

"Do you really want to fight? The twenty boards are no small matter, and they are in the palace. They may be beaten to pieces. " 

The emperor at the head of the court also saw that there was something between them. Of course, he was biased towards Shiqing, but he could not be too harsh on Lord Chen's son. 

"It's just a joke. You don't have to be serious." 

Shi Qing: "yes, yes, your majesty is right. It's just for fun. You see, I just beat your hands red. Didn't I say anything?" 

Mr. Chen: 

"By the way, when we go out of the palace, I'll go and see Mrs. Chen at your house. It's said that she is a gentle and amiable lady." 

With that, the young master looked up at the emperor with a soft smile: 

"I like to be close to the ladies who have good natures. Mr. Chen seems to be the son-in-law. His majesty once said that I should regard his highness as my brother-in-law, and the princesses are my sisters. I heard that Mrs. Chen treated the second princess better than her own daughter. Just in time, I went to visit the second Duke Lord 

Mr. Chen is sweating again. 

According to Shi Qing's temper, if he really came to his house, he would not find out those concubines. 

Now he can talk nonsense without proof. 

With the evidence, Shi Qing still had to have his head. 

Shiqing didn't seem to see his sweat all over his head. He turned his head and crooked his head. But he asked lovingly, "Mr. Chen, don't you want to play the board? It was said that if you play the board, it is inconvenient to bother you today, so I will go back tomorrow. Since I don't play the board, I will go back with you in a moment. " 

"No!" 

Mr. Chen took a deep breath and suddenly looked up at the Emperor: "your majesty! A man's promise is worth a thousand gold. Please give me twenty big boards for you! " 

The emperor actually wanted to hit him. 

Good he fell asleep nap, was called to break the lawsuit, the key break is not clear. 

But in the end, he was a tolerant emperor, so he said, "no need, it's just a bet." 

Time Qing also followed a face of tolerance: "yes, just a bet, we'd better not disturb your majesty, go to your house to chat." 

This is the threat of nudity. 

Mr. Chen tried to squeeze a smile on his face that was even worse than crying: 

"yes, yes!" 

"Hit me!! Please your Majesty's order to hit me! " 

"Tut tut." 

"I've never heard such a terrible request. I've always been soft hearted. I've been a little scared of him." 

Mr. Chen: 

He almost vomited blood, but he could only watch Shi Qing's face "I'm so afraid" and moved towards Yu chennian. 

The little boy's tender voice: 

"how terrible."





 At the gate of the main hall, Shi Qing leaned against Yu chennian, yawning and looking at childe Chen who was howling at the side of the board. Finally, he stopped crying, and limped down from the bench with cold sweat. 

The young master had been waiting patiently for him to finish the fight. When he got up, he ran over happily and said, "Mr. Chen, are you ok? I think you're yelling like you're very fierce. Tut Tut, if you can't hold on, don't hold on. Anyway, we've just made a casual bet. If you don't think it's OK, I won't force you. " 

Mr. Chen wanted a mouthful of blood on his face. 

Get cheap and sell well. 

What a man! 

But on the surface, he still had to take the cold sweat that was beaten all over his head, and squeezed out a smile at Shiqing: "no, it's nothing." 

"Good!" 

Shi Qing immediately applauded with admiration, shaking his head and tutting to Yu chennian who followed him: "look, Mr. Chen is so manly. It's just 20 boards. It's nothing to him." 

"If I have another chance in the future, I'll bet with him again. Then we won't have to play 20 big boards. If we want to bet, we'll bet 50!" 

Mr. Chen: 

In his heart, he has automatically translated this sentence into: the next time I catch it, it will not be the 20 big boards, but the 50 big boards. 

He already felt that he was going to die on the twenty boards. If he really changed to fifty boards, I'm afraid his life would be accounted for here. 

Shi Qing's small mouth was still blaring: "but Mr. Chen, although you and I are just gambling, I still want to remind you that a courtier should have the duty of a courtier. If you are deviant, although your majesty has a lot of tolerance, I'm afraid we will not have such a good temper, just play the board." 

With that, he looked at Mr. Chen who was sweating more and more on his head. He looked like a little innocent childe who had been raised at home and didn't know the world's affairs since he was a child: 

"so next time, when you and I chat, some of Mr. Chen's views should be close to me." 

Mr. Chen: 

Don't want to get close. 

If you don't get close to each other. 

He just wants to be a beautiful man who has a princess and concubines in his family. Can't he! 

The young master said no. 

His delicate lips opened and closed, and the expression on his face was particularly soft, but his words were full of blood: 

"cut off your hands and feet and then chop off your head, tut tut." 

Mr. Chen: 

He gave in shamefully. 

"Yes, yes, Shi Qing, you are right, you are right..." 

Under the friendly sight of Shiqing, he limped by the palace people and moved slowly towards the palace gate. 

He had been waiting for him to leave. The young master, who was just smiling, immediately showed his displeasure. He ran back to the top of the steps and rubbed the sole of his shoes. 

When Yu chennian came back to him, he listened to the young master's special complaint: "I really gave him a face. I also stood in the snow in order to see him get on the board. Now, the bottom of his boots must be covered with snow." 

The young man stood on the top of the first step and turned his back when facing him. The deep voice seemed gentle because he was lowered: 

"I will carry you back." 

"Good." 

Young master is not polite to lie down on his back, a pair of delicate hands around Yu chennian's neck, face on his shoulder. 

Now there is no snow, Yu chennian is carrying him on his back and walking steadily towards the imperial study step by step. 

Together, when Qing's mouth has not stopped. 

The young master was so arrogant that he even murmured: "did you see the end of Mr. Chen today? You have to be nice to me in the future, or you will be punished. " 

Yu chennian: "good." 

"But you're pretty good. I've been carried by so many people, and it's most comfortable for you to carry. As long as you follow me well, I won't treat you badly. Don't you think I give you ginseng soup every day?" 

The youth directly ignored the fact that the soup was given to him when he didn't like it: 

"good." 

"Just know that I am good to you, and remember to repay me in the future." 

"Good." 

"But don't worry. When you get out of the palace, I'll have plenty of time to play with you. You'll be locked up in the palace all day, and you don't know what's interesting outside. I know. I've been playing in the capital since I was a child." 

"Good." 

The young master was not happy. His round eyes narrowed slightly, and he patted Yu chennian's head with his hand. He was critical: 

"are you perfunctory? Why, no matter what I say, it's a good return. " 

Yu chennian: "No 

He carried the young boy on his back and wrapped his hand firmly from behind.The youth didn't say it, but at the bottom of his heart he thought. 

It's not perfunctory. 

Every word he answered was serious. 

The border war is tight, and the officials in the north and the central government are quarreling again. 

Some civil servants feel that they need to fight, while others think they need not. 

However, the military officer was all about shouting: fight! Must fight! No, it's grandson! 

After their quarrels, the point is still what the emperor meant. 

In fact, the emperor wanted to make peace. After all, in this winter, it costs a lot of money to fight a battle. His Treasury did not have much money at all. I'm afraid that after the battle, there will be no money left. 

There is no need to argue with these small barbarians. 

Although his own princesses are married, he can take the minister's daughter as his adoptive daughter, and then make peace in the name of the princess. 

Unfortunately, the emperor's idea was preempted by officials who had the same idea. 

Then he was sprayed with blood by the officials headed by the Prime Minister of Shi: 

you are such a fool - 

send the princess back to you!! 

We all lost three cities!! Three seats!! 

Do you know what this means?! On behalf of our country is a barbarian small country pressure can not turn over! 

You even want to fawn on them in exchange for peace. You are ambitious. You kill my people and occupy my city. You give him a princess. He thinks you encourage him! 

Oh! This winter, they have no grass on the grassland, and their cattle and sheep have frozen to death. They can come to rob our cities, kill our people, and take our food to survive the winter. 

What about next year! The next year! What about the year after the big year! 

Big fool - 

never think about things! 

You are gentle, and people may not be grateful to you. Maybe they think that our officials are just like you. They will become more and more fierce in the future! 

The emperor coughed and swallowed what he wanted to say. 

But there was something in his heart. 

He is a shangguo at least. The Hu people dare not go too far. If he gets the princess, he will stop if he doesn't feel good? 

The official apparently had the same brain circuit as he did, and Balabala argued. 

Then he was spewed by the prime minister again and did not dare to say anything: 

when there was no food at home, I went to other people's house to rob for food and take possession of his house. As a result, the man not only was not angry, but also married his daughter to my son. How could I accept such a good thing as soon as it was good!! 

When people bully them to the end, they encourage them instead of stopping them. That's not a big fool - what is it! 

Silly cap! 

Brain damage! 

I scold you are tired! 

Get rid of this terrible idea and roll it out of your head. Don't affect your colleagues who are still normal. 

Especially your majesty, oh no, your majesty is wise and powerful. How could he be affected by your speech of mental retardation. 

After scolding, the prime minister bowed his hand and looked at the Emperor: 

Your Majesty, do you think so. 

Emperor: I thought, yes Right? 

The Prime Minister stood back contentedly and made a look at the official who had just come out and put forward the idea of "let's send a princess.". 

Yes, the official is his man. 

When the prime minister was able to sit in the position of prime minister, of course, it was not only his family status. 

He knew the emperor so well that he knew that the emperor would try to calm things down for the first time. 

The problem is that it really can't rest. If it does, the Hu people come here every year. Do they still send the princess every year? 

In particular, there are many small countries around the border. This time, they do not beat back the Hu people. When they see that they do not care, they will participate in the next time. 

The loss will be very heavy. 

After the prime minister scolded passionately, the officials who had been quarrelling for a long time did not want to fight. Instead, they argued about who should fight to suppress this small barbarian country. 

This is generally a matter for military generals, but the prime minister doesn't care. 

He stood in his place, watching others quarrel. 

The generals did not know who it was. They proposed that the second prince of the Hu people was going to fight this time. If you want to promote our country and pacify the people who have been frightened by this incident, it is better to let a prince go to war. 

After all, the princes are not young. 

The best nine princes are now 17 years old. 

It is reasonable to say that the princes can enter the court to discuss politics, cultivate their ability to deal with affairs, and help the emperor share his worries. 

But this generation of emperors had different ideas. 

He himself is not very useful, but he also thinks that he is a good emperor. 

I'm a little worried that his sons would go to the court meeting to cultivate their influence. What should he do if the emperor was elevated. 

Although he was father and son, he was still an emperor before father and son.It has to be said that the emperor was full of a sense of crisis at the bottom of the emperor's heart. 

So he didn't want the prince to fight. 

The princes are all raised in the palace, one by one, with gold and jade. How can they have the ability to fight? In fact, they are going out to be mascots. 

As soon as the military power is handed over, if they have any ideas and their mother's family supports them again, then the emperor will be finished. 

The gain is not worth the loss. 

Therefore, when someone proposed to let the ninth Prince go to war, the emperor's eyes lit up, who had been silent and pretended to be dead. 

There was an immediate rebuttal from below. 

No, you can't let the ninth Prince go. 

He is only seventeen years old and has no experience in leading the army. Moreover, his mother's family is an abandoned one. I'm afraid that if he goes to the army, he will not accept him. 

That's to be the mascot! 

Some people immediately objected: 

the prince's going to war is a symbol. Who can really let the prince go to war just represents the royal family's attention to this matter. 

Without the influence of his mother's family, there would be no more. Although his mother was a dead queen, she was also his Majesty's parents and children! 

When the prime minister coldly watched the two groups of people quarrel, and then looked up, the emperor was obviously moved. 

Come on, he's too familiar with the routine. 

Who is it that wants to push the ninth prince to the battlefield. 

The crinkly red neck called the ninth Prince Huang Mao Xiao'er unable to subdue the crowd. He absolutely did not agree with the ninth Prince's going to the battlefield. However, every word followed the emperor's mind. It seemed that he was blocking the ninth prince. In fact, he was just waving flags and shouting. He looked familiar. 

In fact, the prime minister is in a serious memory. 

After picking up the memory, he finally came up with it. 

Isn't this the young military officer whose father helped him 25 years ago? 

Oh 

It seems that he is going to let the ninth Prince please this embarrassing situation. 

I understand. 

The prime minister didn't intend to interfere when he understood. 

His task is to stop the emperor from letting him die. As for what the princes think, just don't harm the people. 

A court brawl ended. 

Finally, the emperor decided to let the ninth Prince go to war. 

When the news reached the imperial study, the eyes of other princes looking at Yu chennian were filled with schadenfreude. 

That's a battlefield! 

The sword has no eyes. The enemy will not care whether you are the prince or not. 

No, the enemy will. 

And because Yu chennian is the prince, he will be more targeted. 

If yu chennian had lost an arm, a leg or a blind eye on the battlefield, he would have been even more rejected by his father. 

They all have their own channels, only secretly exchange eyes, no one told Yu chennian the big news. 

Let him find out for himself. 

However, Yu chennian actually knew faster than them. 

During the lunch break, the young master nestled comfortably in his arms, yawned a little, poked his muscles as usual, and told him the news. 

The expression on Shi Qing's face was stunned. 

"Border?" 

"Yes." 

Yu chennian rarely boldly circles people in his hands and caresses the boy's back once and for all: "my father has ordered, I'm afraid we will start soon." 

The young master was stunned for a long time. 

He was obviously frightened by the news. 

Yu chennian thought with pity that he was only a teenager, and had been spoiled and grown up. Even if he had some small skills, the war was still too far away for the Qing Dynasty. 

After a long time, the tender young master asked in a low voice: 

"can you not go 

He seldom shows such a soft look to Yu chennian, what's more, he asks Yu chennian to stay. 

Almost all the young people would ignore the previous plans and nod to him. 

But he had to go. 

If he did not go, his relationship with Shiqing would only terminate. 

If he doesn't go, he will never be able to present the ice sculpture of peony in Qing Dynasty. 

If he doesn't go, he can't be the kind of person that Shiqing thinks he can be all his life. 

Yu chennian rejected the young master for the second time: "I must go." 

When Qing's face immediately showed displeasure. 

He got up in anger and stretched out his delicate hand to push Yu chennian angrily. His delicate voice was full of unhappiness: 

"I didn't stop you, you can go if you want! You go 

"Do you think I can't part with you! I'm just afraid that no one will warm my feet for me in winter, and those eunuchs will feel terrible when they carry people on their backs. They are not allowed to touch my stomach and let go of their hands! " 

The young man obeyed and took back his hand.He fixed his eyes on Shi Qing. His expression was obscure and dark at his age: 

"I will come back. What do you like? I will bring it to you when I come back." 

"I don't like anything!" 

Shiqing is like a little milk cat who has been robbed of food. She is angry and tries her best to meow. 

He tried to leave the bed, but as soon as he opened the bed and felt the cold outside, the young master was unwilling to hum and hum and lie back: 

"this is my room, you go out!" 

Yu chennian followed his intention and went out of the house. 

The young master in the room seemed more angry and threw a pillow on the door. 

In the next few days, he simply intensified in the use of Yu chennian, as if to bully back after the share. 

The other princes are very happy to see. 

Yu chennian's heart is not as silent as the surface. 

Shi Qing had such a strong reaction to his departure that he was also 

As long as young people think about this possibility, no matter how difficult and dangerous the road ahead is, they can go on. 

No matter how little young master doesn't want him to go, the day when Yu chennian left the capital came. 

Shiqing didn't go to see him off. 

The young man rode on his horse and went out of the gate. He looked back at the capital that had never left and wondered whether his young master was still sulking in his room. 

When he turned around, the young man hid his tenderness, leaving only the cold hardness to face the battlefield. 

He'll be back. 

He will generals, honor, power and throne, all in front of the Qing Dynasty.





 Yu chennian has a car. 

After all, he was the prince, and he was not the same as those soldiers who had to ride on horses all the way. 

The matching car is very gorgeous. Even if he is not favored in the palace, he represents the emperor outside. This car is a nine wheeled vehicle, which is wide and even as big as a room. 

It's a pity that its owner is not willing to go up, but insists on riding like other soldiers. 

Seeing that the sun is getting bigger, Yu chennian's personal guards are really worried about this little master being exposed to the sun again. 

He was Yu chennian's uncle. At first, his mother and brother were sent to the battlefield. As a result, they were fighting in the battlefield. However, the rice grain they sent was mixed with sand, and the quilts were all thin. When you take it apart, you can see that there are black heart cotton inside. 

Even if the soldiers are willing to fight again, how can they fight. 

Finally, Fei Hou's father and brother were thought to have died in the battle. All the black pots were pushed to them for granted. Feihou was also affected and put into the cold. 

But no one knows, the youngest brother of the waste queen picked up a life and quietly returned to Beijing. 

He is not stupid. When the court did something like that, he threw the accusation to him, and then quickly abandoned it. It is absolutely impossible to say that there was no emperor involved in it. 

When the empress was in the palace, Yu chennian was still a child of a few years old. He could only hide his courage and quietly cultivate his influence. He also pulled the loyalty of his family. 

If yu chennian didn't take the initiative to notice that someone was taking care of her, and then guessed that the family of the abandoned empress, they would not have been able to get on line so quickly. 

This time, the personal guard sent to take care of Yu chennian was very loyal. Seeing that the sun was getting bigger and bigger, he was really worried. He went to persuade him: 

"Your Highness, please go back to the car and take shelter." 

"No need." Yu chennian waved: "officers and men can dry, why can't I sun." 

Pro Wei also knew that the little master had a plan in mind, so he could only sigh. He went to the nine Wheeler and wanted to take water to quench Yu chennian's thirst. 

He did not go for a while, then he returned in a hurry and whispered to Yu chennian. 

Originally looking at the youth ahead, he suddenly reined in the reins, turned over and dismounted, and quickly walked into the car. 

In the luxury carriage arranged according to the prince's inspection specifications, the ground is covered with heavy carpet, and the couch is also covered with a layer of white blanket, which is lit with incense and surrounded by light fragrance. 

As if in a dream, a teenager was sleeping on the white carpet. 

His body is also covered with a red cape, bright red color more set off that beautiful face white tender, at the moment is obediently closed eyes, obediently let people want to circle in the arms to take good care of. 

Shiqing didn't know what method he used and secretly hid it in his car. 

After the departure, he sleeps on the couch in a silent posture. 

Since he left Beijing, Yu chennian's cold eyes gradually softened. He stepped forward and sat in front of the couch and whispered: 

"Shiqing." 

"Well..." 

Because he was sleeping in a strange environment, the young master slowly opened his eyes, and his beautiful eyes were still full of drowsiness. 

Yu chennian waited patiently for his drowsiness to pass. After Qingming appeared in his eyes, the young master knew that he was found. He immediately snorted coldly and lifted his chin arrogantly. 

The young man asked, "why did you follow me?" 

"I want to fight too, can't I?" 

But the young man still asked, "why do you want to follow me?" 

"When Qing full face unhappy," said I also want to go to war. " 

But Yu chennian still seems to have not heard it. He is still surrounded by a young man who has been sleeping before, holding the tender soft meat on his small stomach in his hand, and still asks in a low voice: 

"why follow me?" 

If you have no feelings for him. 

What are you doing with me. 

He is a charming young master. Why should he follow him to the bitter and cold land at the border. 

The young master is tired. 

He held out Bai Nen jiojio, who was not wearing socks, to kick him, and then pushed him with his hand: "you are bored. How many times do you have to ask?" 

Yu chennian grabbed his hand and put it on his lips. 

He touched Shi Qing's hand with his lips. 

Just now, the young master, who was very arrogant, froze. His eyes were wide and round, and looked at the youth stupidly. 

After a long time, he reacted, and suddenly took back his hand. The tip of his ear was red as if he wanted to drip blood, and his beautiful little face was also dyed with light color. 

Shiqing stammered: "what do you do and do?" 

Seeing his reaction, Yu chennian felt soft. 

This is his young master. 

Even in the eyes of the outside world, he sleeps in the brothel at night and is a prodigal. 

But in fact, only he knows. 

Shi Qing had never had such intimate contact with people.He would have been so flustered by a kiss. 

Seeing that he didn't answer, the young master angrily went to take Ji to kick the youth's thigh again, "I ask you something! What do you think? " 

Yu chennian does not dislike to hold his white feet. Few of them are soft and tender, which can be grasped by the youth. 

Shi Qing's face is even redder. 

"What are you doing?" he said! Let go 

This time, the young man let go obediently, and watched the young master quickly withdraw and hide jiojio, shrinking into a red face and staring at himself with vigilance. 

He finally opened his mouth. His voice was somewhat astringent and hoarse for some reason: 

"I'll send you back to Beijing later." 

Maybe it's because he was scared before. This time, the young master who was always arrogant and refused to bow his head didn't say a word. 

Yu chennian sat close, and the young master shrank even more fiercely. Obviously, he was scared to death, but he still scolded fiercely: 

"if you dare to do anything to me, my father will not let you go! Your majesty will not let you go 

"I won't do anything to you." 

The young man looked at Shi Qing with a soft look: "Shi Qing, you are too small." 

The young master immediately blew his hair: 

"you are a little boy! How can a man say small 

Yu chennian stretched out his hand and touched his small head for the first time under such active circumstances. 

"You are too young, and I am too weak." 

"When I come back from the border, you will grow up. Will you stand with me when I come back?" 

The young master suddenly rolled to the other side of the bed, while trying to cover up the blush on his face, while stuttering ferociously, he got up and put on his boots in a panic: "you are really crazy. I shouldn't have come to see you." 

He put on his boots and went to push Yu chennian: 

"go away, I'm going back to Beijing." 

The young man did not give way, but looked down at him, quietly asked for a promise: "promise me, before I return to Beijing, do not get close to others, OK?" 

When Qing's face was full of blush, she was always with a pair of beautiful eyes, but she was reluctant to look at him at the moment. 

Until someone outside opened the curtain and came in: "Your Highness, what's the matter?" 

As soon as he saw someone coming, the young master's timid expression was swept away, and he was happy to raise his lips and look like "I'm not afraid of you when someone comes". 

He has enough confidence to push Yu Chen Nian this time. His voice is as delicate as ever, and full of arrogance: 

"the only people who can control me in the world are my father and his majesty. What are you, but you have been with me for a few days and want to take care of me. Go away! I want to go back to Beijing! " 

Yu chennian fixed looking at the Qing Dynasty. 

He didn't tell the young master that his people were all around the carriage. 

Also did not tell young master, as long as he wants, Shi Qing will always be trapped in this car. 

He just said in a deep voice: 

"OK." 

The little boy thought that he was afraid of being found out, so he had to promise himself. He lifted his chin and snorted coldly, swaggering past Yu chennian. 

Yu chennian stood in the same place, but still thinking. 

OK. 

Only your majesty can control you. 

Then I will be your majesty. 

When Qing was sent back to Beijing, Yu chennian stayed in the car and didn't go to see him off. 

He was afraid that he would not be able to help it. 

I can't help but leave the young boy by his side. 

On the bed, there are still some small bags of Shiqing, in which there are many golden sore drugs and various kinds of medicine for internal and external use. 

There are all kinds of prescriptions in the aristocratic family all year round. Many of them are not available in the market. Shi qingneng sent them. I'm afraid he brought them from home. 

The young master has always been very generous in his work. I'm afraid it will be enough for a person to spend several years in one breath. 

Yu chennian did use it for several years. 

He and his uncle had already agreed. 

Once they had military power, they would not return to Beijing, in order to avoid the emperor taking back military power. 

In addition, there were many wars at the border, either the Hu people or the barbarians. Yu chennian simply stayed at the border. 

This garrison lasted four years. 

In four years, Yu chennian has become the invincible God of war in the hearts of the people. 

In the past four years, he has become a general in their mind from his Highness the ninth prince, who was regarded as the mascot of the generals. 

This year, Yu chennian finally got the chance. 

The imperial court issued an edict. The eldest prince conspired to rebel and tried to assassinate his majesty. The capital was in chaos and asked the ninth prince to return to Beijing and hand over military power. 

At the same time, there was also a secret report of his spies in the palace: the emperor was in critical condition and was ill in bed. He wanted Yu chennian to come back in order to prevent him from setting up a new queen. Yu chennian led his troops back to Beijing to rebel.Yu chennian took over the imperial edict. While reorganizing and preparing to return to Beijing, he sent people to spread rumors in the capital that the emperor wanted the ninth prince to return to Beijing in order to make him a new emperor. 

Sure enough, on his way back, he received an urgent report from the capital, and the prince rebelled again. 

And he was the son of the emperor. 

After confirming that the fish was hooked, Yu chennian went back to Beijing from a slow horse to a fast horse. 

After several days and nights of chaos in the capital. 

This once most hopeless ninth Prince leapt to become the biggest black horse in the battle for the throne by virtue of his military power. 

He was different from the former Emperor who had no idea. The first thing he did after he was on the throne was to clear up all kinds of corrupt officials. With their blood, he created a new, Iron-blooded emperor who was absolutely right in front of all the ministers. 

What is surprising is that the prime minister, who was in power when the former Emperor was in power, did not move the new emperor who cut off his cronies in large quantities. 

When the prime minister was more clever, knowing that this was a bad master, he honestly held his position as prime minister as the background. 

Anyway, let's figure out the situation first. 

As long as the emperor is not a despotic monarch, he is still a good boss. 

Of course, it's time to flatter. 

When the imperial court became stable, the prime minister said at the first time: 

Your Majesty, you are so old that you don't even have a woman. You were delayed at the border. Now that you are on the throne, it's better for us to choose the imperial concubine. 

Yu chennian refused directly on the ground that the former Emperor had just passed away and he wanted to be filial. 

The prime minister felt that this was not possible. He was the emperor and then the son. Now that the imperial court has just been settled down, he must marry a queen and have a son of Zhonggong to stabilize the people's hearts. 

He tried to persuade and persuade. 

Finally see Yu chennian or refused to agree, can only temporarily press, and began to blow rainbow fart. 

And he would not hesitate to step on his son's holding Yu chennian, saying that he was about the same age. He was also known as a romantic figure in the whole capital city. He had been redeemed by several brothel girls. Although I am the prime minister now, no one dares to marry this boy, so I am worried to death. 

Your majesty, you are not the same, you do not love women? 

No! 

You sacrificed yourself for the sake of chaotang and filial piety! 

He said so for a reason. I heard that his son bullied the new emperor when he was a companion. 

He had to trample on his son and make his speech unbearable, so that the new emperor would not care about this boy. 

At one point, the prime minister was very strange. Why did he feel that when he finished blowing rainbow fart, the new emperor was not only unhappy, but also looked ugly. 

He even crushed a tea cup handed over by a eunuch. 

He felt that he was playing well. 

Step on the son, hold the new emperor, with his son's bad reputation, to shape a filial piety for the new emperor is not infatuated with the good reputation, this is not good? 

After going down to the court, he got together with a group of old friends in the teahouse. After expressing deep worry about his Majesty's not choosing a concubine at such an age, he returned to his house. 

As soon as I got to the door, I saw a sedan chair standing there in the yard. 

Yo! Standing outside the sedan chair looks like a father-in-law. 

I don't wait for the prime minister to come over and ask who, what's the matter? I don't know that now when the new emperor ascends the throne, everyone dares not to visit the door for fear of being beaten into a clique. 

He watched as the new emperor, who had just seen him in the court, came out of the yard with a drunk in his arms. 

It's on the sedan chair. 

The sedan chair is gone. 

The Prime Minister stood in the same place for a while. 

The new emperor is holding Isn't that his son!!!





 When he wakes up, he is surrounded by the familiar smell of fumigation, which he likes to smell but not too strong. 

Then I closed my eyes and touched my body. It was a soft and thin blanket. 

He opened his eyes and saw that the couch was covered with a red fox fur blanket, while his body was covered with a light quilt. 

Red fox skin has always been cherished, and even aristocratic families rarely can save such a large blanket. The royal family has raised red foxes in captivity. 

Wow. ] 

when Qing went down barefoot, it didn't hinder him. After all, the ground was covered with soft blankets. 

It was summer, but the whole hall was very fresh. He went over and looked at it. He saw that there were hollowed out cauldrons around the hall with ice cubes inside. 

Did he finally start robbing people? ] 

Shiqing shook his head and yawned: "how come I don't have any impression? ] 

the system reminds us carefully that when the host is drunk, he comes in directly. ] 

is not a surprise. 

He wandered around and found that the hall was arranged according to his own preference. He knew that it was not a day or two for Yu chennian to think about taking him back. 

The system is still a little worried. It's the first time it's ever seen this kind of direct return to the nest. 

[host, no problem? ] 

[what's the problem? No problem. Isn't that great? ] 

when Qingmei Zizi sat back on the red fox blanket and rolled on it. 

I've been waiting for this day for a long time. All in all, go to watch the TV series. Didn't you want to watch the temptation to go back to the village last time? It's time for you to see it. ] 

the system hesitated to listen to the TV play. 

Shi Qing got up and began to smash the door. 

The people waiting outside heard the news and immediately told Yu chennian. 

Yu chennian didn't expect Shi qingneng to sleep until now. He was entangled by the prime minister. He woke up and got up immediately. 

"Don't worry, Prime Minister. I have a deep friendship with Shiqing. This time, I just took him to live in the palace. If I have any more, I won't keep the prime minister." 

With these words, the new emperor left the hall in a hurry. 

Prime Minister Shi: Your majesty, your majesty 

What kind of friendship is deep, what he found is that the boy of Shiqing took the new emperor as a servant. 

If yu chennian beat him, scolded him, or made a raft with Shiqing, it would be OK. 

How can it be said that this directly brings people into the palace!! 

The prime minister immediately thought of his son's more and more evil face. 

In the past four years, Shi Qing had no lack of courtship. If he had not been the only son of the prime minister, his appearance and flighty character would have been surrounded by others. 

That's why he hasn't decided to marry at his age. 

Everyone knows that Shi Qing is fond of beauty and lingers in brothels. His good looks are not in line with the current elders' aesthetic appreciation of their son-in-law. 

People are supposed to be good-looking, either gentle and elegant, or tall and strong. 

Shiqing is good-looking, and looks better than a woman. At first sight, he is a restless master. However, no one dares to have a better son-in-law. 

When you can see the people of the Qing Dynasty, the prime minister doesn't. 

He is such an only son. Of course, he has to choose a daughter-in-law who has a good family background and has received the education of a well-known daughter-in-law. 

As a result, we've been dragging around and now. 

The prime minister is sorry!! 

If he had known that there would have been such a marriage today, he should have made a hasty marriage for the time being. 

Now, how is the son and the new emperor!! 

Yu chennian doesn't want to think about the prime minister's idea now. He was born with long legs and martial arts background. Now he remembers that Shi Qing's steps are in a hurry, and the eunuchs who follow him can't keep up with him. 

It was not until he arrived at the emperor's bedroom that the new emperor stopped. 

He stood outside the door, listening to the familiar and clear voice of swearing inside, and clenched his fists nervously. 

I'm afraid of being close to home. 

These four years, countless times from the struggle out of life and death, Yu chennian's heart is the name of the Qing Dynasty. 

He is spoiled by people to grow up with a delicate temperament, has always been heartless. 

If yu chennian is dead, maybe Shiqing will be sad, maybe not sad, but it is certain that, according to his nature that he will never let himself be wronged, after a few years, Yu chennian will be forgotten. 

You can't die. You will forget him when you die. 

Countless fighting day and night, Yu chennian is reading this sentence through. 

Now, it's time for him to pick the fruit. 

When Qing this gorgeous open, but also Jiaoli delicate floret, in the end, or by his circle in their own territory.The young master inside is still cursing: 

"who has no eyes dares to kidnap me? I'm afraid I'm not dead. Don't you know my father is the prime minister?!! Do you know that I have friendship with your majesty today 

"If you can come forward, I can make you kneel down and call my grandfather if you dare to do so!" 

The palace people who served outside had never seen such an arrogant person in the palace. What's more, it was the emperor's bedroom, listening with sweat all the time. 

It was not until he saw the arrival of Yu chennian that he saw the straw to save his life. He saluted in a hurry: "Your Majesty..." 

Yu chennian waved and didn't let her continue. 

After four years of fighting, the decisive man slipped his throat knot nervously, stretched out his slender hand and opened the door gently. 

The voice of swearing stopped suddenly. 

The palace people stood on the side, only to see that since they moved into the palace, they had always been expressionless, and his majesty, who was cold and concise, softened his face. 

His tone was gentle and careful, as if he was afraid of scaring the little boy inside. He called out softly and softly: 

"Shi Qing." 

Shocked at the bottom of his heart, the palace immediately lowered his head in accordance with the rules and slowly closed the door. 

In the house, the young master stayed after seeing that the man who came in was Yu chennian. 

Yu chennian didn't go to see his frightened appearance. He couldn't wait to take the young master's tender hand and took him to the inner side of the hall all the way. 

When Qing seemed to be scared, he walked barefoot on the carpet along his strength. 

Yu chennian's goal is clear to a secret door. 

It was arranged by the late emperor, so that he could escape temporarily in case of emergency, but after Yu chennian ascended the throne, he renovated it again. 

This kind of secret door is a royal secret. Only emperors of all ages know that the people who built the secret door will be killed. 

But Yu chennian doesn't care at all. He's like a child who can't wait to share with the people he cares about most when he gets 100 points. He pushes open the door. 

As soon as the door was opened, a cold air came from it. 

The young man stood at the door, looking at the scene inside, staring at the pan round eyes. 

In the huge space, the four walls are covered with ice to ensure that the temperature of the room can always be kept low. 

And the purpose of this is because the ice sculptures of various flowers are placed inside. 

These ice sculptures are lifelike. If they are not clear and colorless, they really look like they are full of all kinds of real flowers. 

Yu chennian stood in these flowers, his eyes bright looking at Shi Qing. 

"Do you like it?" 

Shi Qing said: 

Shi Qing: "Achoo!" 

He began to sneeze because of the cold wind. 

Yu chennian quickly came out, closed the secret door, picked up the boy, all the way to the couch, put the youth on the soft red fox skin. 

"Are you all right? Is it you? " 

The emperor was very nervous about his precious treasure, and went to touch his forehead to detect the temperature. 

He was a little upset. 

Why forget it. 

The delicate young master grew up in the palm of his hand. 

He is afraid of the cold as well as the heat. 

The emperor looked at the lovely lying flat on the red fox skin, his expression was a little confused, and for a time some suddenly. 

In the past four years, the youngsters in those years have become better and better. 

He once complained about his height, but now his height is a good height. 

Even though it was summer, Shi Qing was still wearing a long gown, showing only the delicate and beautiful neck and clavicle. 

There was no cocoon, and the white fingertip, which had not been done personally since childhood, fell into the plush. 

The manicured fingernails are slightly clenched toward the palm because of the movement of the fingers, which is a sign of tension. 

It seems that the young man finally realized that the youth who could be bullied and humiliated by him had grown up to be an emperor. 

At the beginning, when they finally separated, Yu chennian showed his unusual mind. 

Now, he is in the supreme position. 

He grabbed him. 

When Qing beautiful eyes gradually showed fear. 

He carefully stretched out his hand, gently pulled Yu chennian's sleeve, his face showed a flattering, soft smile: "I'm ok, these days some cold." 

He was like a kitten who was taken away from his mother's side. He did not dare to resist. He could only soften his voice and cry to please him. 

This reaction is also expected by Yu chennian. 

Shi Qing has always been able to shrink and stretch. When facing people who are higher than him, he is very obedient. 

But obviously, the young master looked at Yu chennian's eyes, a little too scared. He was slowly moving his body behind his little heart.It's a pity that the emperor's whole mind is on him. Even if he moves slowly, he can't escape the eyes of Yu chennian. 

Yu chennian looks at the young boy who is standing up. His beautiful face is full of care and guilty. 

Still as lovely as it was. 

The emperor approached his baby cat slowly. 

He just wanted to hold him. 

Hold his soft body in my arms and have a good sleep. 

He's really tired in these four years. 

Sleep literally. 

Yu chennian would never do anything to him without the permission of Shiqing. 

However, Shi Qing obviously misunderstood his meaning. 

The boy exclaimed, and suddenly backed back, but because he did not control his strength, he fell into the red fox skin under his body. 

He stares round eyes, white face full of timidity, perhaps frightened, and forgets to get up after half a sound. He just keeps this posture lying on his back in the red fox skin and looks at Yu chennian. 

He has always been wanton, and naturally does not need to learn how to protect himself in front of a man. 

So when he was lying in a piece of red innocently and blankly, because of Yu chennian's vision and slightly shrunk, always full of arrogant beautiful face showed a bit of timidity. 

That appearance not only won't let people not want to hurt him, but also can cause men's plunder. 

It looks like you're trying to get. 

Yu chennian's eyes are almost immediately dark down. 

At the beginning, the proud and lofty milk cat was finally held in his arms. 

He was choking to the point of explosion. 

Since the first sight of Shi Qing, he has been bearing it. 

Now, his young master is lying in front of him unprepared, like a carefully prepared gift, waiting for him to open it. 

The emperor swallowed a knot in his throat. 

He held back. 

He can bear it. 

He bent down, gently, slowly will be clear in his arms. 

It's like it was four years ago. 

At that time, he was still the prince who was out of favor, and the winter came automatically. Whether it was day or night, all he could feel was the cold. 

Only in this period of time in the afternoon, can we hold the tender young master and enjoy the warmth for a moment. 

Yu chennian's heart is full of tenderness. He tries hard to resist the fear of the time when Qing's * * should not appear. He is mute, as if he had thought of countless times, and coax the youth softly: 

"don't be afraid, I don't do anything to you." 

The system that was just frightened by the host's scream heard this sentence and then sighed with relief and comforted the host in a low voice: 

[don't be afraid of the host, he says he won't do anything to you. ] 

Shi Qing: [no, I feel it. ] 

System: [? ] 

Shi Qing: [the antonym of soft. ] 

System: [???)??? ] 

System: [ ] 

Shi Qing continued to say: "I waited for him for four years, but he did not do anything to me. Is this unscientific? ] 

System: [ ] 

Shi Qing suddenly realized that it must be his antonym that is not strong enough! ] 

[OK! Xiaotong, go to watch TV drama. It's not what you can watch next. ] 

Yu chennian, who is holding the soft young man with his body's feelings, hears Shi Qing asking him in a low voice: 

"are you really not going to do anything to me?" 

Yu chennian lowered his head and could see that the beautiful young man in his arms was looking up carefully at himself. 

That pair of clear eyes, full of timidity. 

The emperor's heart has become soft. 

Even if he had witnessed with his own eyes how arrogant the young master was, how he was able to rake things upside down and how quickly he changed his face. 

When he was so pitiful and looked at himself carefully, he could not refute any request made by the young boy. 

"Yes." 

Yu chennian used a low voice as if afraid to frighten Qing. He coaxed the young master who was robbed by himself: "as long as you don't want to, I won't do anything to you." 

Always good at kicking his nose and face, Shiqing immediately put forward: "I want to go home." 

"Will you stay here with me first?" 

The emperor coaxed him: "as long as you stay, I will give you whatever you want." 

Perhaps his attitude is very good, the young master has been stiff body also slightly put a little soft, he soft waxy voice, coquetry like timidity asked: "you don't hate me?" 

"They all said that I bullied you. After you ascended the throne, Zhao Wulang, who didn't want to deal with me, still laughed at me. He said that I was a grasshopper after autumn and couldn't jump. They also said that when you made a move, the first thing to do was to deal with me." 

No wonder Shi Qing's reaction to him was so great that he was afraid of it.Yu chennian secretly wrote down an account for Zhao Wulang. 

On the face of it, he tried harder to soften his voice and coaxed the timid young boy in a low voice: 

"how could I hate you? At the beginning, you were the only one in the palace who was good to me. You also stopped other people from bullying me." 

Speaking of the beginning, the emperor's eyes are soft almost to drop water, he bowed his head, a kiss of the youth with a light fragrance of hair. 

"I won't deal with you, even if it's against people all over the world." 

The promise softened the boy's body. 

He even took the initiative to the man's arms to rub, like a coquettish kitten, with his face rubbed Yu chennian's clothes. 

Voice or soft, as if by a great injustice like: "I wake up to find myself locked up, really good fear." 

This soft and weak coco pitiful look, as if he had been locked in the bedroom, full of indignation, not a glance at him. 

This pair of face and before quite different person's face actually smoothly lets Yu chennian heartache. 

He gently patted the boy's back with guilt: "it's my fault, I should be there for you." 

Emperor this incomparably good manner lets when Qing more hair Shun pole to climb up. 

"As soon as I wake up, I'm hungry and I don't have anything to eat. I'm still hungry. I feel flat." 

The young man took Yu chennian's firm palm and fell on his abdomen. 

Special aggrieved appearance: "hungry my stomach ache." 

The emperor was more and more guilty. 

He looked as if he wanted to make amends to the best things in the world. 

"I'll have them bring food right away." 

He kneaded his stomach carefully and gently, while calling for people to come in and let them go to the imperial dining room to get food. 

This young master can be sure that Yu chennian is indeed obedient to him. 

He was still a little uneasy. He glanced quietly at the emperor who had encircled himself in his arms and said: 

"I don't want to eat the food of imperial dining room. It's terrible. I want to eat the big elbow of the East building." 

Yu chennian was sure to respond and asked the palace people to send someone out to buy it. 

Young master is happy. 

After finding that Yu chennian's attitude towards him is indeed extremely smooth, he gets proud again, straightens up his back, cocks up his small tail, and asks in a delicate and delicate way: 

"I want even a pair of chicken, red and green soup, and four Xi Yuanzi!" 

Yu chennian rubbed his stomach hand did not stop, a mouthful should be under: "good, I let people to buy." 

The young master is holding his head up more and more. 

"I also want to eat the sugar man of Liu's family in West Street, the chestnut in South Street, and the one I've always wanted to buy. I've always wanted to buy it, but my father won't buy it for me." 

Finish saying, when Qing and soft prone back to the emperor body, good and clever, once with the face rub him, voice whine of sajiao Jiao: "you buy me good?" 

Yu chennian looks like a faint monarch who is fascinated by beauty. 

"All right, I'll buy them for you." 

The young master is more happy. 

He even gets up, and MUA kisses Yu chennian's face. 

The emperor froze. 

Just now, when the blood stopped, it seemed that his heart was very fast. 

"When Qing, when Qing..." 

He hugged the little boy tightly, and some antonym became more antonym. 

Because of the change of movement, Shiqing is sitting on him at the moment. 

The teenager felt the stab and lowered his head suspiciously, "what's the matter?" 

Then, Shiqing didn't mean to move and change the position. 

Yu chennian: 

He's really going to explode. 

But he just held back, squeezed out a smile: "nothing, you take a nap, immediately those things will buy back." 

Now, knowing that Yu chennian is obedient to himself, he looks as if he is not afraid of him. When he sees the emperor, he leans on the red fox skin, raises his small face and asks, "where are you going?" 

"It's a little hot." 

Yu chennian said in the cool Hall: "I'll wash my body with cold water." 

"Then I'll go with you." 

The young master stood up with excitement on his face and murmured in his mouth: "I heard that there is a hot spring in the palace, but before I was a minister, it's not good to mention it to the emperor. In fact, I wanted to go." 

He happily stayed barefoot, also did not forget to flatter Yu chennian's arm, soft and soft: "you take me to go, I heard that the place where the water is carved with a dragon head, the dragon's mouth is also put in the night pearl, I also want to see."Yu chennian's mind immediately flashed out such a picture. 

The boy stood in the water with his back to him in the misty white fog, showing his smooth and white back 

Yu chennian: 

He couldn't control the heat any more. 

Finally, the emperor was forced to hold on and sat on the couch again in a posture that would not expose anything. 

"Suddenly it's not hot again. I'd better take another day." 

When Qing's face immediately showed displeasure. 

Also, he still remembers that Yu chennian is now the emperor. He can't achieve his wish. He doesn't kick people with jiojio as before. Instead, he leans on Yu chennian's arms like a boneless one. He stretches his voice and scatters his coquetry. 

"You can take me. You said I would give me everything I want, Yu chennian, Yu chennian..." 

Yu chennian almost can't stand it. 

In his mind, flashed countless times the idea of "just throw the time on the couch like this". 

Now he is emperor. 

The world is his. 

Of course, Shi Qing was his. 

He can put Shiqing in the palace, give him everything he wants, let him wear gauze clothes, and let him be in his arms 

"Ah 

Yu chennian's thoughts were interrupted by the cry of the youth. 

When Qing full face panic, "you shed nosebleed?" 

The emperor lowered his head, a drop of fresh blood on his clothes, and soon melted into the cloth. 

When Qing seizes the opportunity, takes out a handkerchief from the bosom, goes forward with the white tender hand hand once and again clenches the handkerchief diligently to wipe the nose blood drop place. 

"I'll wipe it for you." 

He rubbed it and gave it a slap. 

He rubbed it again, and if he didn't, he hit it again. 

Less than three times, next to the clothes have been wiped slightly bulging up. 

Yu chennian: 

The emperor sprang to his feet. 

No way! 

He must not force Shiqing, nor let him hate him. 

Yu chennian tried to calm his breath, "I, I, I go outside to breathe." 

Finish saying, as if there are some monsters behind him, in a panic and hasty stride to escape from this hall. 

After working hard for half a day, Shi Qing said Tut, man. ] 

as soon as Yu chennian went out, a eunuch came up carefully: "Your Majesty, when you knelt down in front of you and refused to leave, you said If you don't see the young master, he won't leave. You see... " 

As soon as the cold wind blows, Yu chennian is much calmer. 

Of course, he couldn't have done anything tough to the prime minister. This was Shi Qing's father. 

Kneeling for a long time is no good. Shiqing is the Prime Minister of the time, Laolaizi. He is so old. What should he do if he kneels down. 

It's impossible to let people go anyway. 

Yu chennian: "let people take the prime minister here and meet with Shi Qing to make him feel at ease." 

The eunuch quickly replied, "yes, I will go now." 

There is still a long distance between the front hall and the bedroom. When the prime minister was brought over, he felt very uneasy. 

He only inquired about Yu chennian's accession to the throne, but did not inquire into how Shiqing bullied the Qianlong. 

I only know it's a slave. 

The new Emperor didn't seem to have a big heart. As soon as he ascended the throne, he stripped all his brothers who were still alive from the throne and banned them. He didn't care what was said outside. This is obviously a cautious eye. 

It's like this to my brothers, to a courtier 

The prime minister's mind was full of his only son who was tortured, imprisoned or wounded. 

The new emperor was still on the battlefield. If he used all kinds of means on the battlefield to deal with Shiqing, how could his spoiled temperament endure! 

It's over 

Even if this guy is a jerk, it's his only child. 

Next to the eunuch see his head full of sweat, quickly carefully asked a: "adult, are you ok?" 

Prime Minister Shi: "not bad, not bad." 

He is trying to comfort himself that he is an old minister and a member of an aristocratic family. Shiqing is his only son. No matter how the new emperor remembers his hatred, he should leave him some thin noodles. 

At the moment, he was ready in the bottom of his heart. No matter how hard his son suffered, he could keep his life. 

The prime minister walked faster than he ran all the way, but no matter how fast he was, it took him a long time to get to the gate of the hall. 

Seeing him coming, the servants of the palace immediately raised their voices and called out: "Your Majesty, the Lord is coming." 

Inside came Yu chennian's insipid voice: "let him in." 

The prime minister was more nervous. 

The eunuch next to him was trembling when he walked Are you all right, my lord? " 

Prime Minister Shi: "not bad, not bad."He walked into the hall, uneasily and carefully. 

What I saw was that his son was sitting cross legged at the table, gnawing at his elbow. 

The new emperor, who had killed many people since he ascended the throne, was peeling a shrimp with his hand holding a memorial. 

Peel good, and face doting handed to when the mouth. 

The happy teenagers did not lift their eyelids, and did not notice their father's expression of myocardial infarction. They opened their ruddy lips and ate it naturally. They also found fault with delicate gas: 

"if you touch vinegar, it's not delicious without vinegar." 

The eunuch on one side looked at the crumbling prime minister, and quickly helped the man up: "my Lord, are you really OK?" 

The Prime Minister of Shi said: 

"It should be Fortunately It is... "





 When he was eating happily, he raised his eyes and saw the prime minister. 

The young man's eyes bent and he swallowed the shrimp which was peeled by the new emperor in his mouth. He called out happily: "Daddy 

Dad what Dad!! 

At the moment, the prime minister can't wait to take his son home and lock him up for reflection. 

What occasion is this?!! 

This is the palace! 

What are the people sitting next to me?! 

That's the emperor!! 

Give it back to Dad! 

Give back my father!! 

Then, even if the prime minister is roaring in his heart at the moment, on his face, in front of Yu chennian, he still wants to keep his face full of clouds and breeze. 

Salute Yu chennian: "old minister, attend your majesty." 

"No gift." 

Before his waist was bent down, Yu chennian had already waved his hand to avoid the ceremony of the prime minister. 

The prime minister didn't insist on it either. He straightened up and looked serious: "Shiqing! What do you look like in front of your majesty? Come down and make amends to your majesty! " 

"No harm." 

Yu chennian speaks faster than a teenager. He peels shrimp shells slowly on his hand. He looks in a good mood: 

"the prime minister doesn't have to worry about what I was like in the past and is still what I am now." 

"Yes, Dad." 

Shiqing grinned and ate the shrimp meat handed over by the emperor. He raised his face and raised his hand. Naturally, he asked Yu chennian to wipe oil stains for him with a handkerchief. 

A beautiful face to the evil smile is particularly happy, there is no fear of being served by his majesty today. 

He even had the mood to ask the Prime Minister: 

"is Dad here for something important?" 

The Prime Minister of Shi said: 

He could hardly wait to shake his son's shoulder. 

He was scared out of his wits in the front hall. 

This son of a bitch is very good. He can eat and drink well. He needs to be served by his majesty today. 

Now he has the face to ask him what the father is doing here. 

The prime minister reluctantly put the expression on his face to live. 

He coughed and did not answer Shi Qing's question. Instead, he looked respectfully at Yu chennian: 

"Your Majesty, the dog has been nagging in the palace for a long time, so let the old minister take him home." 

"Shi Qing has agreed with me to stay in the palace." 

Yu chennian's attitude towards the person he likes is very friendly, even can be called a spring breeze. 

"Don't worry, Prime Minister. I will take good care of Shi Qing." 

How could the Prime Minister not worry. 

First of all, this situation is very wrong. 

At the bottom of his heart, he ruled out the option that the new emperor wanted to retaliate. 

Then he locked in his son's evil appearance. 

He said! 

Grow up like this, sooner or later cause trouble! 

Prime Minister Shi felt that he could rescue him: 

"Your Majesty..." 

"Yes, Dad." 

The tardy son spoke. 

The boy stood up, ran down to his father, heartless smile, a pair of beautiful pan round eyes full of happiness: 

"I want to live in the palace for a few days, you go back alone." 

At this moment, Shi Cheng looks at his son in front of him. 

There is only one word in my heart. 

Eighteen years ago, he and his wife were still impulsive. 

Shiqing is a crazy procrastinator, and Yu chennian is a step-by-step pressing. 

"The prime minister is at ease. At first I was under the care of Shi Qing in the palace. Now I haven't seen him for four years. I just want to talk to him about the past." 

The Prime Minister of Shi said: 

All he had left in his mind was the sentence the new emperor had just said. 

He was taken care of by Shi Qing. 

Put stress on the words inside. 

Since Yu chennian ascended the throne, all kinds of things about him, large and small, have been placed in the home of the minister who has a little contact with him. 

He was studying in the imperial study. 

He was humiliated by four princes and his companion. 

As soon as he sat on the throne, in addition to Shi Qing, the rest of them were either imprisoned or found to take off their official hats. 

This is good. At least the new Emperor didn't kill them. 

And Shi Qing is the only lucky one among these people. 

But at the beginning, he bullied Yu chennian more severely than several princes. It was heard that he was regarded as a servant, and he kept calling and calling all day long. He also wanted to be a dignified Prince and eat the leftovers of one of his courtiers. 

The prime minister did not know these things at the beginning. 

After all, my son goes to the imperial study during the day, strolls around the capital in his spare time, and goes back to his house to sleep at night. 

The father and the son touch their heads twice in seven days and speak no more than one hand.He only knew that the boy was a restless man. He was always wandering in the blue mansions. He had a good face in front of the emperor. The princes in the imperial study also had a good relationship with him. 

How could he know that the boy was so arrogant that he bullied Yu chennian, a hidden dragon under the emperor's eyes! 

After knowing this, the prime minister could hardly wish to give the rabbit a good family law. 

But he really can't fight. 

Madame, mother, elders in the mansion all take Shiqing as an eye bead to protect carefully. 

Don't beat him, he will be stopped if he scolds. 

The prime minister didn't feel that Yu chennian was really like this on the surface. Hello, Hello, everyone. 

He must have a plot! 

Absolutely! 

He was worried, and the new emperor said that he would not let people go, but he tried to pull people out here. Shiqing, a stinky boy, refused to be pulled out and said nothing. He turned his head and swung his tail and crawled back. 

Angry! 

What a son! 

But again angry, the son still wants to rescue. 

When the prime minister cleaned up his mood, squeezed out a smile: "then your majesty can let Shiqing send off the old minister?" 

"Nature is good." 

Yu chennian is not stupid. He guessed the prime minister's expression. 

Prime Minister Shi intended to speak ill of him in front of Shi Qing. 

He managed to coax Shiqing back. What if he was misled by the prime minister again. 

The new emperor immediately said, "I will send the prime minister along with me." 

The Prime Minister of Shi said: 

At least he was also an old man of the two dynasties. Before that, he became the prime minister under the superior of the former Emperor, who always had fantastic ideas. 

If you can't take your son home, can't you stop the new emperor from being a light bulb? 

He immediately said: No, your majesty, you are the real dragon, and the old minister is a handyman. How can you let the superior send the subordinates. 

I'm afraid. My heart is not beating. If you really want to see him off, isn't the old man tired to do everything? I was supposed to help your majesty solve the problem, but it also implicated you. I feel guilty and miserable. 

Seeing this, the prime minister continued to talk about it because the emperor personally sent him this special official waste, which was useless. 

Yu chennian can only regret to give up this idea temporarily. 

He is unstable in the end, always afraid that when he does not go, Shiqing will follow his father. 

After thinking about it, he said to the bottom, "the prime minister is old, so I will give you nine wheelers." 

Nine wheeled carriages have always been used by the royal family, but in the palace, only the emperor can use it. After all, the carriage is not suitable for use in the palace. 

People usually carry sedan chairs by hand. 

In history, some emperors gave them to their ministers, which represented the supreme respect and trust. 

The prime minister was the old man and Prime Minister of the two dynasties. 

Yu chennian gave it to him in the past. 

Of course, the new Emperor didn't give the car to show how much he respected the prime minister. 

The nine wheeled chariot can only be used in the palace and not out of the palace unless it is used by the prince outside. 

At that time, the Qing Dynasty could only send the prime minister to the last long road in the palace. 

The prime minister didn't know if he could understand the new emperor's idea. Anyway, the corner of his eye had been pumping. 

Even if he knew that there was no accident, Shiqing would soon be able to return to his side. Yu chennian was still reluctant to leave the kitten he had just taken back to the imperial palace. 

The new emperor always sent them out of the hall. 

And down the steps again. 

Finally sent to the front of the car, watching the teenager get on the car, just unwilling to stand in place, looking at the nine wheel car far away. 

In the car, when the prime minister lifted the curtain and looked at the emperor who was still standing in his original place, he felt more and more disgusted. 

"Shi Qing, what do you think your Majesty's intention is?" 

"No plans." 

The young master is still idle, not nervous and afraid of the appearance: "he did not see me for four years, some just miss me." 

"Miss you?" 

The prime minister was angry and laughed at his son's words. 

"Were you not afraid to insult your majesty like that?" 

"Your Majesty said he didn't hate me." Shi Qing blinked his pure eyes and looked very innocent: 

"besides, I didn't do anything to him at the beginning. I just wanted him to eat the food I didn't like to eat, to carry me up and down the steps, and to warm my feet." 

Prime Minister of the time 

He reached out and touched his son's neck. 

The young master was ticklish and laughed away: "it's so itchy, Dad, what are you doing?" 

"I'll get closer to your neck for a while, so that I won't see you or have no idea."The prime minister was already in a state of desperation: 

"I pity my family. I and your mother come to our son. We just want to hold you in our hands. As a result, we are used to killing children. You offend the emperor. We are afraid that we want the white haired to send the black haired..." 

Shiqing was not able to laugh or cry. 

"Dad, where is so serious? I didn't help Yu chennian a little at the beginning. He also said that he was grateful to me and said that I was the only one who was good to him in the palace." 

The prime minister's eyes brightened, as if to see the hope of his son's survival. 

Then he quickly calmed down and recalled what his son had just said. 

Let your present majesty eat leftovers. 

Let your majesty warm his feet. 

Let your majesty carry him up and down the steps. 

The fire of hope went out again. 

Prime Minister Shi: "son, my father is no longer an official. I will resign. When you are the son of common people, you will have no reason to stay in the palace." 

"Don't be too grateful. Dad doesn't want me to have only one son like you." 

Shi Qing: "Dad, are you going to resign? I will stay in the palace if you resign. " 

The Prime Minister of Shi said: 

Prime Minister Shi: "why?" 

"I like your majesty." 

The little boy said it quite naturally. 

The Prime Minister of Shi said: 

Shi Qing continued to be happy: "Dad, in terms of appearance, he is a dragon and Phoenix among people, on character, he is gentle and considerate, on family background, he is today's majesty." 

"You and my mother haven't fixed a marriage for me for so long. Don't you want to find me one like this? Now, I'll find it myself. Are you happy? " 

The Prime Minister of Shi said: 

To be honest, he thinks his son has a problem with his brain. 

"Dad just asked you if you would like to go home with dad. If you said yes, Dad would not sit in the official position." 

"No return!" 

Young master's tone is firm, the thief who responds quickly: "Yu chennian really didn't want to revenge me, Dad, you can rest assured." 

Prime Minister Shi: "call your majesty." 

He doesn't just think his son has a brain problem. 

I think he has eye problems. 

A man who had been bullied and humiliated by him, now he is in power, and he is fed with good food and drink. 

Isn't that just one sentence? 

The weasel is not kind to the chicken. 

Now, the little yellow chicken of Shiqing told him that he had a crush on weasels. 

Forget it. No rescue. 

Prime Minister Shi said directly, "I don't care if you want to come up with a palace or not. Anyway, you are the only one we have. I don't want other people's children to stay in front of their parents in the future, only you, because you have been beheaded for offending your majesty." 

"No, I won't be beheaded." 

"I think your majesty likes me, too." 

The Prime Minister of the time said that 

What do you like? 

It's like he humiliated himself. 

Or like his arrogant attitude, regardless of the upper and lower. 

Still like him a minister pressure on his head, let the emperor peel shrimp. 

To be honest, even though Shi Qing is his son, he still stands in the position of father or passer-by. 

When the prime minister searched all over, Shi Qing could not find any advantages in him. 

Oh, yes. 

He still has face. 

But today is the real dragon emperor, the world is his, want to find a good-looking person is not simple. 

How can you like your son, who is nothing but his face. 

He was hit and even forgot his sad son's IQ. 

You are not calm, are you 

"Dad, don't you believe it?" 

Mentally retarded son also happy: "maybe we can have a male queen." 

"Oh, no, we should have a face in our family. The queen is a woman. If I become a male queen, it would be a shame to talk about it. Lord, I will be king." 

The prime minister felt that his son was daydreaming. 

He wanted to say to his son, "wake up, don't dream. Your majesty won't kill you. You dare to hope for a male queen or a king. How could I have given birth to such a mentally retarded son as you? It's really a great loss of fame, etc. 

The carriage had drawn them to the gate of the palace. 

The palace is very big, but these horses are royal horses, naturally they run very fast. 

The palace man outside said respectfully, "my Lord, here we are." 

The palace man was sent by his majesty today. He is at the entrance of the carriage, and it is not easy for the prime minister to go on talking about it. 

He could only shut his mouth indignantly and glared at his innocent son. He was helped out of the car by the palace people. 

Silly white sweet son still beckons to him on the car: "Dad, slow down on your way."The palace people on one side can be regarded as Yu chennian's confidant. Knowing how close the master is to the young master, he immediately smiles and flatters him with a soft voice: 

"then I don't have to worry about it. If I'm afraid it's going to be dark and it's hard for you to go back, we can send you to the palace." 

The emperor did not have this rule in his time, but the rule was dead, and people were alive. 

Anyway, even if he made up his own mind, his Majesty would not blame him as long as he was happy. 

Shi Qing thought it was a good idea, but the prime minister didn't want to be stimulated at all. 

He waved his hand and refused to give it back. He strode towards the palace gate with an air of no return. 

At the bottom of my heart, I am filled with solemn and stirring. 

What should he tell his wife. 

He said that our son was stupid and fell in love with his majesty today. 

Or is it possible that his majesty is going to revenge our son and detain him in the palace. 

As for what Shi Qing just said, he felt that his majesty also liked his dirty words, but prime minister Quan didn't hear it. 

Who would like a person who humiliates himself in his low season. 

Although he is old, he is not old enough!! 

When people in the capital knew that Shi Qing was detained in the palace, they thought the same thing. 

No one believed that Qing could come to a good end when he humiliated the new emperor like that. 

He has been arrogant for so many years, and there are many people who don't like him. 

Now the young master seems to have hit the iron plate. Zhao Wulang's "can't stand the combination of Shiqing" is going to blossom. 

They also made up for the miserable life in the palace. 

Since your majesty did not directly cut people off, it must be intended to let this person who had insulted himself have a taste of being bullied. 

Maybe I'm crying in the palace now. 

Celebrate! 

Must celebrate! 

While their brain was replenishing, the scene in the palace was completely opposite to what was rumored outside. 

Shiqing is just too comfortable. 

When he wakes up, he sleeps on a blanket made of good fox fur, and says what he wants to eat and drink. Within half an hour, someone rides a fast horse to buy it for him. 

In the past, although he was also favored at home, the prime minister always thought that his children couldn't live too extravagantly. Although he would definitely buy charcoal fire, he would never think about those things for fun. 

The family background is enough, but Shiqing can't enjoy it. 

But Yu chennian was different. The Imperial Palace was his, and the private treasury of the former Emperor was also his. During the four years, he fought everywhere and destroyed many places where the enemy had stored gold and silver. 

Those things, of course, became his. 

Now, these things were given to Shi Qing by him. 

It's like a dragon searching for gold and silver treasures all his life, just to put these things in front of him when he finds his beloved. 

When Qing wants to have what, the day does not know how happy to live. 

But he is very serious and has a sense of crisis. 

[Tongbao, I don't think that's right. ] 

the system is just beautiful. When I heard Shi Qing's words, he was forced to come out: "what's wrong with the host? Isn't that good? Now the repulsion has been reduced to single digits. ] 

[didn't you notice that something terrible happened to me? ] 

the system was nervous immediately: [what? what?! ] 

Shi Qing was very distressed: "charm! I am so seduced Yu chennian, he can resist. ] 

System: [ ] 

Shi Qing: [shouldn't, why did he hold on. ] 

since he took Shi Qing to the Imperial Palace, Yu chennian's uneasiness was suppressed, and the degree of rejection dropped several times a day. 

The only regret is that he always insisted on not touching Shiqing. 

No matter how provocative time Qing, how all kinds of small movements. 

Everyone can see that Yu chennian is about to explode, but he really stood up. 

Unfortunately, he can't collapse the human setup, otherwise, it would be a great joy to throw people directly on the bed. 

System: [ ] 

Shiqing pondered for a while and then suddenly said: "fortunately, I have you with me. Although I have only one system like you, I have to say that you are the best system I have ever seen. I feel really lucky to have you by my side. ] 

System: [!!! ] 

it has never been praised so much. It is immediately nervous and excited, happy and excited: [host, host! Me too. I didn't expect that you thought so. I was so moved by the host. ] 

Shi Qing: [Tut, my ability to blow rainbow farts has not decreased. You are very happy. Why is it useless to face Yu chennian. ] 

System: [???)??? ] 

System: [ Sobbing, sobbing. ] Shiqing coaxed him: "OK, well, although it's an experiment, I really think that's what I think. ] 

the coax system was immediately happy and flattered: [the host is also the best host I've ever seen. ] 

after experimenting with his rainbow fart, Shiqing put the system back to watch TV series. 

He thought it would not work. 

Before that, Yu chennian was at war. He was in the capital. 

Now two people sleep in the same bed every day, Yu chennian is also very energetic, disharmony is nothing. 

He thought about it for a while and thought he had to find a way. 

So on this day, when Yu chennian came back from the next Dynasty, he planned to hold his baby cat and enjoy his rest time. 

The palace man said, when I left the palace. 

Because his Majesty gave me the greatest authority, so he thought of the palace, and no one really dared to stop him. 

And he went out on a horse. 

Yes, it's the bloody BMW that has just been presented. Shi Qing likes it and Yu chennian gives it to him. 

The expression on the face of the man still wearing the Black Dragon Robe immediately became overcast. 

It may be because of the influence of his miserable life in the previous 17 years that Yu chennian was very careful and insecure. 

He liked Shiqing and wanted to keep Shiqing in the palace all his life. 

If it was not for fear that the young master would be sad, he would have done so. 

These days, Yu chennian can't wait to hold all the good things in the world in front of Qingqing. He takes good care of this delicate baby cat. He is afraid that he can't take good care of him. Shiqing wants to leave. 

Fortunately, the young master lived happily and did not mention that he wanted to leave the palace. 

As a result, he went to court and Shiqing ran away. 

Almost immediately, Yu chennian changed his casual clothes and prepared to leave the palace, while he arranged for people to investigate where Shiqing had gone. 

When the news came back, he almost blew up. 

Shi Qing went to the brothel. 

Shi Qing did go to the brothel. 

He is holding the affiliated state Shanggong, Yu chennian also gave him to play with the super large night pearl. 

The aim is to show off. 

Show off with Zhao Wulang, who ridiculed him as an autumn grasshopper before he entered the palace. 

Zhao Wulang was also a dandy when he could fight with Shi Qing. 

However, his fortune was not good. He was not so good-looking and popular, and his family background was not so good. Although his family favored him, he was not favored by the emperor as he was. 

He felt that he was bleeding. 

Since he was born, why should he be born to Shiqing. 

Now when it comes to dandies in the capital, the first thing people think of is Shi Qing. Zhao Wulang, like a passer-by, has no water in the capital. 

So he hated Shiqing and targeted at Shiqing. 

This time, the Qing Dynasty overturned the car, and a spoiled prince who had been bullied before actually changed his body and ascended the throne. Zhao Wulang did not know how happy he was. 

This is retribution!! 

After hearing that Shiqing was taken to the palace, he was more happy after the news didn't come out. 

This is double retribution!! 

Now, he is happy to pour himself a glass of wine in the brothel. 

As soon as it was full, the door was kicked open from the outside. 

"Zhao's name is Zhao!" 

The young master came in arrogantly, carrying his chin. He did not know how proud he was. In the eyes of the staring people in the room, he held out the huge pearl of the night. 

"Didn't you say you got a night pearl last month? Come on, I've got one too. Let's compare. " 

Zhao Wulang finally came to his senses. He looked up and down, left, right and right with his eyes wide open. 

Damn it, when Qing not only looks pale, the body is not emaciated, looking at ruddy don't say, he is actually a little fat. 

Isn't this girl going to suffer in the palace! 

"Are you ok?!" 

"If you have something to do with me, I will be fine." 

"When the Qing familiar swagger in, a foot stepped on the stool," you dare not compare, dare not say directly. " 

This kind of thing is always useful to dandies. 

Zhao Wulang immediately stood up: "you crazy what crazy, now who does not know you are autumn grasshopper hopping up." 

"Don't tell me what's useful or useless, just say it directly and dare not compare it." 

Of course, Zhao Wulang didn't want to compare with him. The Pearl of his night was placed next to the Pearl of Shiqing. It was like his grandson. How could he be willing to compare it. 

So he held it for a long time, and then he said, "well Grasshopper after autumn 

"When Qingle:" you can only say this, I said, I just a few days did not come to the capital to hang out, you become a counsellor bag. " 

Zhao Wulang sneered: "who doesn't know that you have offended your majesty today. I don't need to know. I only know that your good days are over.""I'm afraid I'll go to the prison to see you if I want to scold you twice." 

Shiqing squints and puts the night pearl down. 

He stopped smiling and glared at people with a bit of momentum. At least Zhao Wulang, who had suffered several losses, was a bit of a counsellor. 

He carefully hid behind the girls, "what do you want to beat me? I tell you Shiqing, now that the new emperor ascends the throne, no one is protecting you!" 

Shi Qing raised his chin and said, "I don't know if I'm in prison, but if I want you in prison, you'll be able to stay for a few days." 

Zhao Wulang: "hiss, you thought you were the young master who ran rampant in the capital before. Even before, you had no way to deal with me, let alone today." 

"Well, you don't believe it, do you?" 

Shiqing put his own night Pearl back, "say, if I let you go to prison, what should I do?" 

Zhao Wulang: "then I will give you my favorite set of jade chess pieces." 

One side has been like quail listening to the conversation between the two childe brother quietly attached to Zhao Wulang's ear: 

"five brother, do you forget? You've never won a bet with Shi Qing. How many good things have you lost to him? This set of jade chess pieces was given to you by your uncle. If you lose, you can't explain it. " 

"What are you afraid of! I'm sure to win this time! " 

Zhao Wulang was full of confidence: "I'm an official's son. I don't steal, I don't rob, and I don't beat anyone. Even if your majesty wants me to go to prison, he has to find a way out." 

"Good!" 

When Qing's strategy was successful, a pair of beautiful eyes immediately laughed. 

He went up, in Zhao Wulang's vigilant eyes, quickly pulled out a small medicine bag from his arms. 

"I know you must take this when you go to the brothel." 

After a second, Zhao Wulang realized that his medicine had been taken, and immediately became angry and said, "what are you doing with my medicine! Give me back 

The young man on one side said in a low voice: "fifth brother, maybe he wants to irritate you and let you beat him. Don't you go to jail? Don't be fooled. " 

Yeah. 

Zhao Wulang thought about it, and immediately he was proud: "it's useless. I won't beat you if you do anything." 

However, the young master did not have a bird at all. He found a new wine cup under the table, poured the medicine in, and poured another glass of wine. 

Two people are full of muddle force, take not on time clear what to do. 

As a result, Qing picked up the glass and drank it himself. 

Zhao Wulang:??? Why do you drink my medicine? It's fun. You don't know. " 

Bang!! 

The door just closed was kicked open twice. 

Yu chennian walked in with a calm face. As soon as he came in, the people who followed him immediately rushed in and surrounded the people directly. 

Zhao Wulang looked at his younger brother: "who is this?" 

He had never seen the prince before. He was a white Ding again. Of course, he could not see the new emperor. 

As an emperor, Yu chennian naturally took a person who informed him that he was an emperor. 

A guard in front of the imperial court closed the door first, then looked at the sound insulation to make sure that there was no problem, then he cleared his throat: 

"Your Majesty has arrived, but you will not join your majesty." 

A room full of people knelt down. 

Except for Shiqing. 

Zhao Wulang pulled his trouser leg anxiously: "I'm going to die. I don't want to kneel down!" 

Then he saw the boots with golden dragon embroidered in front of him. 

Then, the new emperor circled Shiqing. 

His voice is a little hoarse, but with a bit of doting: "how to run to such a place again." 

"I come to see my friends." 

Shiqing is not arrogant at all. His voice is so soft that he seems to be able to squeeze water out of the water. He is sweet and greasy: 

"how did you come out?" 

"I'm just about to come out and have a look." 

Knowing that Shiqing didn't come to have fun, Yu chennian put away his claws and looked at his young master with a soft face. 

Then I saw the boy's face more and more red. 

He used it more and more in his eyes. 

Yu chennian felt that he was not right and quickly helped him: "when is Qing? What's the matter? " 

Shi Qing's soft, weak and pathetic complaint: 

"well Just now, Zhao Wulang gave me an aphrodisiac... " 

"I think we should shut him up for a few days..." 

Zhao Wulang:??? 

Who specially gave you a drink, it was your own drink!! 

You yourself!!!!





 Even if Zhao Wulang had 10000 words in his heart: "your majesty I am wronged," I have no chance to say it to him. 

Shi Qing looks like a pair of "ah ah ah, I can't say my medicine. How can I confront people?" she hems and haws, coquettishly rubbing her eyes with her eyes closed. 

Anyway, I just don't listen. 

Zhao Wulang would be angry if it didn't matter. 

Naturally, Yu chennian was not a despotic. 

How could he shut up a son of an official just because he liked two or three words. What's more, he could see that although the young man was coquettish in complaining, he also arrogantly regarded Zhao Wulang as his mortal enemy. 

But he didn't really get angry with Zhao Wulang, and he really just wanted to shut down for a few days. 

If the time halal angry, according to his small temper, where will wait for people to come up to make decisions, directly fight up. 

So he just moved Zhao Wulang to his cell for a few days. 

It's good to eat and drink for a few days. How can it be regarded as off. 

After quickly solving Zhao Wulang, Xinjun immediately took Shiqing back to the palace. 

Fortunately, although he kept a low profile and only took some bodyguards, the car was also a normal car, but the car was decorated with royal luxury. 

It's a big place with soft blankets all over the place, and the driving is stable. It's enough for young people who are dizzy with medicine to toss around in the car. 

The guards of the car and the outside guards are not far away from the car, so that they can protect your majesty at any time without worrying about hearing the sound inside. 

Only Yu chennian's confidant drove in front of him. Although he was close to him, he could only vaguely hear some conversations from inside because of the big car. 

First of all, his Majesty's voice softened, as if in a soft voice: 

"darling, first bear with me. When I get back to the palace, I'll call the grand doctor to have a look and it will be OK." 

Then it was like a little milk cat, soft and tender, with a long tune and a sweet and greasy grunt. 

After that, his Majesty's voice suddenly rose, and then with a kind of forbearance and panic: 

"Shiqing! Wake up first 

"If you do, you'll regret it when you wake up." 

The sweet hum grew more discontented. 

I drove the car without expression, and my ears moved. 

His keen hearing allowed him to hear the tearing sound clearly. 

At first he felt that his majesty could not help it. 

Until he heard his Majesty's voice that he was forced to explode: 

"Shiqing, let go first..." 

Tear! 

There was another thump, as if someone had been knocked down. 

It should have been his majesty who had been knocked down, for he let out a groan. 

At the moment, he is still trying to rescue: 

"Shiqing, you are not awake now, are you good?" 

For a long time to come, there has been a long soft coquettish voice. 

The voice is too low, intermittent he also can not really hear, can only vaguely hear soft coquettish sound, occasionally and occasionally a few crack silk tearing sound appear. 

Then the soft voice was stopped. 

When it rings again, it brings with it a sobbing sound that has not been breathed for a long time. 

His Majesty's voice was no better than that. He could hear it from his voice. He was about to endure the explosion. 

But he was still strong and full of forbearance: "don't make trouble, I don't want to scare you, until the doctor Oh 

There was a long silence inside. 

After that, the compartment door in the middle of the car seemed to be closed. 

Royal partition door, perfect sound insulation. 

No matter how flexible his ears were, he couldn't hear anything. 

He directly slowed down the driving speed. He forced the carriage to go slower than the foot of a man. It took more than half an hour to get there. 

When he got to the place, he jumped out of the carriage with a serious look on his face. Instead of knocking at the door to say that we were here, he stood respectfully aside. 

He is the leader. If he does not go, the rest of the imperial guards dare not go. 

So a strange scene appeared at the gate of the palace. 

A carriage stopped, and a group of bodyguards stood in a solemn manner, waiting for something. 

There is also a gate outside the palace gate, which is not the time for going up and down, so that people can avoid being surrounded. 

The guards waited patiently. 

After waiting for more than an hour, the curtain was lifted. 

Then, inside came a slightly hoarse voice of satisfaction from his majesty: "go straight into the palace." 

"Yes." 

The conscientious bodyguard leader sat in front again and drove into the palace with his carriage. 

In the car, Yu chennian satisfied circle into the arms of the youth, kiss his hair one by one."Sleepy?" 

"Well..." 

After being confused by physical work, young people should not open their eyes and nestle in men's arms. Their voice is soft as if they can drip water: 

"you put Is that Zhao Wulang locked up? " 

"Off." 

Yu chennian patted him on the back and whispered, "he is already in prison now." 

Young master is happy. 

Even though he was very tired, he still showed a happy smile on his face, and took his face to rub Yu chennian's clothes. 

Then he rubbed down a piece of rag. 

The emperor's majesty wanted to be restrained and forbeared before, so he angered Shi Qing, who wanted but could not get it. He destroyed a good dress by destroying his clothes. 

Now he is satisfied and willing to apologize generously. His face is still full of confused expression, but his small chin is skillfully and reserved to lift: 

"where did you make this dress? You can't help tearing it." 

Yes, that's right. That's how the young master apologizes. 

Yu chennian didn't feel wrong at all. He was still quietly coaxing: "it's the fabric that's not good. You don't like it. I won't wear this kind of stuff in the future." 

After all, the palace only wants to make clothes comfortable for your majesty. The thinner it is, the more cool it will be in summer. 

Besides, when they were making clothes, no one thought that anyone would dare to tear the clothes of today's emperor with violence. 

When Qingna rubbed his face, his voice was tender and sweet: 

"I like it. I'll make some sets for me, and you can tear them next time." 

Yu chennian's action of patting the young master's back froze. 

His mind almost immediately came up with a scene that happened in the car before, only two people turned to each other, and he tore. 

Fortunately, although the weather was hot, he just had physical labor to vent. Yu chennian did not have nosebleed due to brain replenishment this time. 

But the young master in his arms, who used to walk in the brothel in a fancy way but didn't touch a finger of the girl, was still enjoying it: 

"I want a gauze dress, is there a gauze dress in the palace?" 

Yu chennian's brain has completely stopped working. 

Until the young master moved his body, Jiaoli delicate hem and haw: "what do you do stop, continue to shoot ah." 

"And a fan. It's so hot." 

Yu chennian quickly patted his back gently, while picking up the side of the feather fan, to clear the wind. 

The young master was well served all the way. When he arrived at the gate of the hall, his majesty carefully took him out. 

Fortunately, there are clothes in the car to change, otherwise it's really hard to get out. 

When Qing lying in bed, sleepy want to sleep, the brain and excited can not sleep, on the soft big bed rolling, rolling back and forth. 

Yu Chenzi was stripped of his curtain outside. 

The young master is tired. He wants to eat shrimp which is peeled by the Emperor himself, dip it in vinegar, and eat half a bowl at a time. 

So Yu chennian can only sit outside, across the curtain, vaguely looking at the young master may be uncomfortable, rolling on the bed. 

His heart is full of pity, even when the mouth is always flowery, but he is really the same as himself is the first time, and is below, always have to suffer some pain. 

The medicine sent to get has not been sent, Yu chennian's heart ache, can only speed up the speed of shrimp peeling. 

When the curtain was rolling around excitedly, Qing was frantically poking at the system: 

[Tong! Unification! Let me tell you what character Yu chennian is. ] 

the system came out once before and was scared back by the mosaic. 

Now, when it hears the host calling, it dares to appear quietly. 

After a careful look at it, he made sure that there was no mosaic, and then he replied, "the system doesn't know. The system hasn't heard of it, and the system hasn't seen it. ] 

[Tut, I know if you don't say so. ] 

seeing Shi Qing's vows, the system asked curiously, "what's your character? ] 

when she was in the bed, she was holding the soft bedding and rolling around on the bed. 

[big. ] 

Shi Qing: [hee hee hee hee hee hee. ] 

System: [what? ] 

Shi Qing: [I work hard. ] 

System: [isn't Yu chennian emperor? How can you do ] 

Shi Qing: [yes, dry. ] 

System: [???)??? ] 

System: [ ] 

I found one thing. It seems that every time I live in the world, his ability to work will be enhanced. Is there any magic principle? ] 

he is still looking forward to it: [does this mean that he will be stronger in the next world. ] 

System: [ ] 

System: [ This is not supposed to change. Is it possible that it is due to the host side. ] 

when you think about it, it's the same.After all, he is not a normal person in the first two worlds. 

At present, only this world is a normal human being. 

Knowing that Yu chennian will not get stronger and stronger, the young master is not depressed. 

[then I can enjoy myself in time, while I can feel 100% happiness and feel more. In this way, is not 100 + 100 + 100, has been adding so much happiness? ] 

the system is stunned. 

It has a vague answer: it should be ] 

so, just ready to eat and sleep, the young master lifted up the quilt, angrily opened the curtain, and yelled at the man outside who was seriously peeling shrimp: 

"Yu chennian, Yu chennian, come here." 

The emperor stood up obediently and washed his hands on the edge of the bed. Then he sat down beside the boy and gently touched his face: "what's the matter? Is it physical discomfort? " 

He heartache way: "endure again, the medicine will arrive immediately." 

As soon as the words fell, young master Bai Nen's hand grabbed his arm and pulled him to the bed. 

Yu chennian didn't react. After all, Qingming was so tired before. 

Then. 

Tear! 

His clothes were torn again. 

The palace man who was sent to take the medicine went back to the main hall with the medicine, and said outside: "Your Majesty, the maidservant has brought the medicine." 

Inside came his Majesty's panting voice: "I'll call you later. Go ahead and wait." 

This is two hours. 

When the medicine was sent up, Yu chennian originally wanted to smear the medicine for the young master, but he didn't know why. When he applied it, Shiqing pushed him down again. 

Before those worried when sober up will hate him, hate him, think he took advantage of the idea of the group bar group bar into the lotus pool. 

Facts have proved that a young master who has a reputation for being romantic but never really gets close to people is really more and more interested in having meat. 

This day, the two people entangled almost the whole day. 

The next day, Yu chennian came back from the next Dynasty, and the young master happily bumped into his arms. 

On the third day, he had just finished his political affairs when he was pulled to the hot spring. 

On the fourth day, the young master searched the palace for books and found some old books of the former dynasty, which recorded in detail how the emperor of the former dynasty spent different nights with the three thousand beauties in the harem. 

He said that he must try it with Yu chennian. 

The two people are tired of being together every day, but it does not affect Yu chennian's handling of political affairs. On the contrary, his spirit grows day by day. 

After half a month, he had to lift his chin when he walked. The young master finally remembered one thing. 

He forgot Zhao Wulang. 

Yu chennian also forgot. 

His time is almost full of heart and eyes are immersed in the gentle countryside, each time dealing with government affairs do not know how efficient. 

Is to wait until the work is finished, step into the hall, ushered in the moment of unknown surprise. 

Every day in addition to dealing with all kinds of things in the court, that is, in the back hall with the young master, where do you still remember this passer-by a. 

Also, Zhao Wulang's life in prison is not bad. It is because the Emperor himself let him go into prison, and no one is allowed to visit him. His family still think that he has provoked today. 

What is Yu chennian's temperament? It has been shown incisively and vividly when he ascended the throne, which is the most vindictive. 

Even if they are pleading, they dare not ask for mercy, for fear that in case of a bad operation, Zhao Wulang will be punished more seriously. 

So, he was completely forgotten 

Fortunately, Shiqing didn't find anyone when he wanted to show off his new agate lion, so he released the man. 

The first time I let it out, I was holding the agate lion and showing off with pride: "you see, this is from fanruo country. Their country is the best at making agate. This lion is the best agate, and the lion is carved by the most powerful craftsman." 

Zhao Wulang was shut a belly fire, saw the mouth to be pricked: "also just so." 

The young master is not angry. 

Young master has a good temper. 

He just touched his agate lion and said with a smile, "you can say casually that although I have a good relationship with your majesty, I will not put you in prison again because you did not praise my lion." 

Zhao Wulang: 

It has to be said that even though he fought with Shi Qing so many times. 

He still wants to say that. 

This guy is too much of a NEMA. 

Shi Qing didn't find himself annoying at all. He held his agate lion and looked at Zhao Wulang expectantly: 

"to tell you the truth, how about this lion?" 

Zhao Wulang looked back at the prison he had been in for half a month. 

Forcefully forced himself, squeezed out a smile: "good!!! That's great"I have never seen such exquisite agate carving. Look at the smooth curve of the lion, and then look at his eyes that seem to be able to survive, and this strong momentum." 

"Good!!! Great!! What a rare treasure in the world 

The young master listened to him patiently and finished. 

"No more?" 

Zhao Wulang just said that words have been forced to clean up all his praise words. Now, even if he is whipping, he can't say it. 

"No more." 

Shiqing's face, which was so beautiful that it was almost monstrous, immediately showed a look of disdain, and directly thrust the agate lion to the side of the attendant. 

"Zhao Wulang's vision has always been bad. He said that he was good. The lion must be bad." 

"Come on, I don't want it. You can send it back." 

Zhao Wulang: 

When he bites to death. 

The young master saw through what he was thinking, raised his chin and was very proud: "look at your expression. Do you want to hit me? I am under your Majesty's protection, dare you? " 

Zhao Wulang He didn't dare. 

Therefore, Shi Qing, with a posture of being extremely ill beaten, wandered around Zhao Wulang for three or five times, enjoying enough of his mortal enemies, who wanted to fight but did not dare to fight, and wanted to scold, and he dared not to scold. 

This is a elated look up, contented left. 

Zhao Wulang: 

What's wrong with your majesty! 

It's amazing to have your majesty protect you!! 

Your majesty is guarding Protect 

He bowed his head in dismay. 

It's amazing to have your majesty protect you. 

It seems that in the future, his reputation as the second dandy in the capital will never be taken off. 

When Zhao Wulang became the first dandy, he became the first dandy. 

Because after finding the true love, in order to make himself deserve the true love (the prime minister and his wife thought), the young master who devoted himself to gnawing old for a lifetime actually began to study. 

Maybe it's a talent, maybe someone above opened a back door. Anyway, he finally got a grade A and was ordered to explore flowers. 

After that, he became an official. 

At the beginning, some people questioned the young master's achievements. 

After all, although they didn't know what was between Shiqing and yuchennian, they were famous dandies before that time. 

Maybe it was the prime minister who opened the back door for him when he was in his father's life. 

Prime Minister Shi said that he did not open the back door, although after knowing that his son really passed the examination, he also suspected that the back door had been opened. 

In the court, people on the prime minister's side certainly can't say anything about the time, and the prime minister's influence is not really to the point that he said everyone said one thing. 

Therefore, in a long period of time, shiqingdu incarnated as Shijie. 

He is a tiger father without a dog. 

He is better than blue and better than blue. 

I'm a man of heaven and earth. 

Anyway, as long as he thinks that he is not good, he will take back. 

The key point is that Shi Qing is different from the prime minister's direct and explicit scolding. He likes to quote all kinds of obscure poems, and then directly repeat them from head to toe and from left to right. 

If you change a knowledge is not rich, you may be scolded and confused. 

It can be imagined that after such a period of time, no one would doubt the literary talent of the Qing Dynasty for a long time. 

After that, they began to murmur that the prime minister was so critical of a character that his son Shiqing could not do anything but hate others. 

Can you bear it! 

Must not! 

He hummed and said nothing during the day. At night, he quietly entered the palace and blew the pillow wind for Yu chennian. 

The next day, the young master went into the household department. 

Hubu, it's in charge of money. 

There are so many departments in the imperial court, and the yamen, no matter which yamen it is, must issue the money from the Hubu department before it can be distributed to them. 

I have no other skills, but I have a little. I can play. 

He built a forest farm for dandies and officials to play in. Charging for it was like robbing money. 

It's just fun. 

There are lots of people with money to send up. 

Therefore, after a large number of income, the Qing Dynasty was promoted. 

Then, he set up another letter station. 

To set up a letter station, you have to set up a letter station first. At that time, a group of people were arguing about whether to spend money on such a letter station. 

In the end, Yu chennian stood firmly at the side of Shiqing and established a letter station with his own private bank. 

Then, the mail station was set up and charged according to the weight of the goods. 

It seems that the imperial court is in great loss. Don't forget that the ordinary people who want to send letters are not only one person, but also deliver goods together with each time. In this way, you can send them back and come. In addition, there are officers and soldiers in the imperial court's letter stations, and no robbers dare to rob them. Many merchants entrust their goods to the letter stations.In the first year, he made a lot of money. 

So, Shi Qing was promoted again. 

By the time he was promoted to the Ministry of Hubu, there were already rumors about him. 

People call him Jin Shangshu. 

It means that he has a high means of collecting money. Since he entered the Ministry of finance, the Treasury has been very rich. 

At this time, no one dares to provoke the fashion books, which are upright and can't bear any losses. 

Fortunately, he didn't make trouble himself. At most, he was lazy when he was working. 

Some people in the court are not used to it, but they are not used to it. The emperor dotes on it. 

The events of the Qing Dynasty and Yu chennian finally came to light. 

It may also be because of the sweet atmosphere between the two men. It may also be that the emperor was young, but there was no woman in the harem. He even chose a father in his belly in the imperial clan, and he became a posthumous son. His mother died of dystocia because of her depression. 

It's normal that he didn't choose the first few imperial brothers. After all, they bullied themselves. How could Yu chennian choose his enemy's son to inherit the throne. 

But Shiqing is still like that. When he is free, he wanders all over the street, eating this and that, but he doesn't want to go to the brothel. Yu chennian is not as insecure as before, but he is still very careful and vigilant against any rival in love around him. 

When they were in their forties, their relationship was no longer a secret in the capital. 

At the age of 45, the Qing Dynasty resigned. After Yu chennian's approval, he made great contributions to the country and granted him a king of Le'an. 

Then, Yu chennian became the first emperor since the founding of the people's Republic of China to hand over the throne to the crown prince without death. 

Without the fetters of their identities, they began to travel around the mountains and rivers without any cover up. 

In history, there is no clear record of when they died and where the cemetery was built. 

Only one thing is very certain. Later, the prince who succeeded the throne once left a sentence, saying: 

the father and the king father said that the emperor's tomb would inevitably be stolen. It was only a matter of time. Before they went, they had told to bury them together in a beautiful place. 

It's just that there are so many beautiful places that even if later generations are very interested in these two famous celebrities, they can't find out their graveyards. 

The only thing for sure is that they were buried together. 

Back in the task space, the system is still very excited: 

[congratulations to the host for completing the task, please select: 1, continue the task, 2, rest. ] 

Shi Qing: [1, come on! ] 

[Ding! Please be ready to jump into the world. ] When 

}} ※ 

, open your eyes and review the memory in the brain. 

Ah, this time he is the school bully. 

Bully, he is good at it!!



Arc 4: The Love of a Schoolyard Bully 

 This is a novel about how Zhuo Junli, the male master, has gone through a miserable youth, a time when he was just working, and has come to the peak of his career after his success. 

Zhuo Jun left his father's family violence. His mother left home when he was a child. He grew up in the beating of his father. 

Because he was short of food and clothing since he was young, he was very thin and weak in his childhood. In addition, his old clothes, which were incompatible with his peers around him, made him look very pitiful. 

But he was not often bullied since he was young, because he has a good face, which belongs to the kind of school grass face in TV dramas, plus good grades, so he started from primary school. 

The teacher loves this poor and hard-working child. 

Students in the class, especially female students, also like to be good-looking and fresh, good at learning, and willing to speak freely for them. 

For Zhuo Junli, campus life is better than home. 

I went to high school. 

Most of the boys in this period have girls they like, and what makes them angry is that most of them like girls who like Zhuo Junli. 

This good-looking, good grades, and gentle school grass. 

At this time, Zhuo Jun's popularity was just a little poor. Although there were one or two people against him, they did not dare to do too much. 

Until senior two, a transfer student appeared. 

Kwai's strong background, arrogant people, loose hands, quickly surrounded a group of brothers, and soon had the name of the school tyrant. 

The school bully likes the most beautiful girl in the class. 

Unfortunately, the girl confessed with Zhuo Junli. Although Zhuo Jun left with a good attitude of refusing, the girl still said that even if Zhuo Jun did not agree, she would still like him as before. 

The school bully was angry. 

While chasing the girl, he also bullied Zhuo Jun. 

At the beginning, the teacher also tried to manage, but the school bully background is too strong, bullying people to let Zhuo Jun away from a bit of injury, want to criticize, he said he was not intentional, and finally can only turn a blind eye. 

Zhuo Jun away from the nightmare of the campus era is coming. 

The means of school bullying are very low-level, but they are not useful. 

For example, what deliberately asked to have a room with him when he was assigned a room in the school. In the winter, he deliberately threw cold water on Zhuo Jun's bedding when he was not leaving, which made him cold all night. 

Another example is what know Zhuo Jun left in part-time, deliberately called a younger brother to make trouble. 

Or it's blocking people after school, threatening with various words, and then forcibly pulling people to the toilet, trying to shut Zhuo Jun away from the toilet for one night. 

It can be said that Zhuo Jun left the school bully, his health was not good. 

This is good, this time the school bully because taboo teacher, still can do a few small movements. 

After graduation from University, it was the most tragic. Zhuo Jun left and joined a company, only to know that the company was the school's bully. As the only son of his family, he was parachuted into the company. 

In school, the school bully was still afraid of teachers, but when he entered the society, he did not have such scruples. Zhuo Junli was tossed about by all kinds of troubles, but he signed a contract and could not leave his post. He had to bear with it. 

Fortunately, he was the main character. After all kinds of humiliation, he stepped on this company as a springboard and started his own company. On his way to starting the company, the school bully still pursued him relentlessly and tried his best to make a stumbling block to him. 

It can be said that school bully is the villain of Zhuo Jun's life. 

Until finally, Zhuo Jun left on the top, completely uprooted the shadow of this life, sent the school bully bankrupt, and sent him to prison. 

But the tragedy is that this book is so well written that readers like it too much. They want to let it become a world of its own. After it becomes the real world, what happens is out of control. 

At present, the school bully forced Zhuo Jun to go to the toilet after pouring cold water on Zhuo Jun in the winter and shut him in. 

At this time, Zhuo Junli should have waited until the sister who liked him came to rescue him. As a result, she fell asleep and there was no reason to go to the men's room in the middle of the night. 

And then 

Zhuo Junli froze all night in the toilet and died of pneumonia. 

Such a tragic and scientific way to die is really a pity. 

Obviously, I am the school bully. ] 

System: [woo I'm sorry, host. I'd like to take back the golden finger, but it won't stop as soon as it works. ] 

[it doesn't matter. ] 

Shi Qing laughs: "I also like to bully people. ] 

he got up and walked around the bedroom. 

Why does this school have such a nice dormitory for two people? It depends on the original owner. As soon as he was a freshman in high school, he knew that he wanted to transfer school. He didn't want to squeeze a dormitory with a group of people, so he convinced his family to donate dormitory buildings to the school. 

Not long after he transferred to school, the dormitory building was ready, but at this time, he saw Zhuo Jun's departure from his eyes and sacrificed his single bedroom. He had to leave Zhuo Jun in a dormitory to facilitate all kinds of bullying.By the way, it's also for surveillance, so as not to let him have personal contact with his sister. 

This bedroom is very good, the space is not very small, big window, there is a notebook on the table. 

It belongs to the original owner. As a rich son who donated buildings to the school, he also has the privilege. For example, the teacher never comes to check the dormitory he lives in. 

In the original plot, this setting is to write about the evil school bully, that is, by virtue of the teacher's not checking the bed, there is no lack of deliberately tossing Zhuo Jun away. 

For example, this time the toilet is closed, and the teacher doesn't check his bed. Of course, he won't know if Zhuo Jun is away. 

He shut him up all night. 

One second before the time cleared, those subordinates of the original Lord just closed people in the toilet with him and left. 

He took a look at the things Zhuo Jun left. 

I don't know how many years of use of a schoolbag, the table is full of books, it is winter, the bed is still thin. 

This was bought by Zhuo Jun from the summer. Later, because the original owner arrived, he deliberately made a stumbling block to prevent him from getting a scholarship. He also had no money to buy a new winter quilt. 

At the moment, the top of the quilt has been completely wet, and the mattress under the bed is also wet through. 

The bedroom has air conditioning, but the remote control has been in the original owner, since he deliberately let Zhuo Jun away from the cold, of course will not turn on the air conditioning to let the other party warm. 

After searching for a circle and confirming the situation, Shi Qing rubbed his hands and went to find his poor roommate. 

Zhuo Junli is standing and walking in the toilet. 

His lips were white with cold, but there was no indignation in his expression, only calm. 

In order to ventilate the school toilet, the window is opened, but without a window, the students go to the toilet and go away. If it is cold, it will not be cold. But if it is kept in the toilet, the feeling will be different. 

At the moment, Zhuo Jun left no matter which direction he was standing in, the wind could blow on him, making his hands and feet more and more cold. 

Actually, it's OK. 

He thought while walking to bring heat, and now he has been shut down for less than ten minutes, and his body has not been completely exhausted. 

The toilet is in the most corner of the playground, only 70 decibels. The front wall is solid and the door is closed. Even if he shouts at the maximum voice, the dormitory building and teaching building can't hear it. 

And shouting can lead to a rapid decrease in body heat and physical strength. 

There is a toilet in the students' dormitory. They will not come to the playground to go to the toilet, but the teacher's dormitory does not. 

The teacher should come to the toilet after checking his bedtime. The teacher checked the bedtime from 10:00 to 10:30. He didn't look at his watch when he was locked in, but according to the time of self-study next night, it should be 9:40. 

Ten minutes, nine fifty. 

Hold on for another 40 minutes at most, and the teacher will come. 

He breathes out and silently continues to walk up and down to improve his body heat. 

After walking for less than a minute, the sound of pulling the chain suddenly sounded outside the toilet. 

Zhuo Jun left the action to stop, a handsome face, slightly some light colored eyes revealed doubts. 

According to his calculation, no one should come at this time. 

Shiqing swaggered in. 

Inside, a slender, handsome young man was looking at him with a little bewilderment. 

He's so beautiful. It's the look that makes people feel clear at a glance. 

Shi Qing: [wow It's beautiful. It's not school grass. It's national grass. ] 

he tut: "tender, it seems that you can pinch out the water. Are the protagonists of student days so good-looking? ] 

in Zhuo Junli's eyes, Shi Qing is looking at him with malice. 

He was alert to tighten the body, feet slightly force, but skillfully exposed on the face of cowardice, bow head very afraid of the appearance. 

This is Zhuo Junli's experience from small to large. 

In the face of the perpetrator, only when he shows timidity and fear, and the other party has a sense of satisfaction, will he stop the violence. 

While skillfully making this expression, Zhuo Jun centrifugal side calculation. 

Shiqing won't hit him. 

It doesn't look like he's carrying other tricks on him. 

Is it to mock him? 

However, to his surprise, the arrogant bully only put his hands around his arms, raised his chin and left Zhuo Jun: 

"what are you doing? Follow me." 

Zhuo Jun centrifugal bottom more alert, but still timid on the surface, carefully raised his eyes to see when Qing, whispered: "where to?" 

"There's so much bullshit. Just let you go." 

When Qing seems to be impatient, one of the front grabbed Zhuo Jun from the arm, pulling him to go out. 

Zhuo Jun left the foot frozen stiff, was caught off guard so a pull, the foot suddenly a stagger, nearly fell on the ground. 

School bully a hand took him, ridiculed: "you can be really weak chicken a, really don't know why Tong Xinyu likes you." 

Zhuo Jun left his eyes and his long, thick eyelashes quivered slightly. With his white and handsome face, he seemed to be more pitiful. This was his habitual action to make others sympathize with himself"Tong Xin Yu and I are just classmates. You really misunderstood me." 

"No! Classmate, classmate, she gives you bread 

Speaking of this, the tone of the school bully in front of him suddenly broke down. 

Shi Qing reached out his hand and fell on Zhuo Jun Li's face. He patted him gently on the cheek: 

"Tong Xinyu just likes your face. If you don't have this face, do you think she can see you 

The handsome young man shrank back and hid: 

"really not. I also confiscate the bread." 

Just because of the wrong way to hide, his lips accidentally rubbed Shiqing's hand. 

Brush! 

The school bully simply took back his hand at the speed of light, and even carried the hand behind him. 

Seeing Zhuo Junli looking at himself in surprise, he snorted in a hurry. His face was still domineering and arrogant: 

"what are you looking at? Did I let you see me?" 

Zhuo Jun left to take back the doubts just now, the obedient lowered his head. 

His tone is weak: "I really have nothing to do with childlike rain, I also said bread, I confiscate, you like her, go after her." 

What's the trouble with him all the time. 

"What's the use of chasing her when you have such a good relationship with her 

Shiqing held out another hand and grabbed the young man's collar in front of him, so that he had to get closer to himself. 

"Zhuo Junli, you really think I don't know. You confiscate this bread. Why did you take the eraser she gave you three days ago?" 

"Last week, on Tuesday night, when she asked you to give him a lecture, why did you say that?" 

"And last week, did you help her on duty? Tut, for her sake, I've delayed your learning time of 15 minutes. You have nothing to do with her. Will you help her like this? Do you think I'm stupid or blind 

Zhuo Junli: 

How did Shiqing know what he couldn't remember. 

It's just an eraser. Last week, the boy's heart rain came. He had a stomachache. Please, he will help. It's normal. 

Even more, almost all the students in the class who want to study hard came to him to talk about the topic. 

As for the eraser 

Zhuo Jun left slightly pursed his lips. After finishing the first two reasons, he continued to explain in a low voice: "the eraser was only picked up by her. She didn't want to give it to me. I bought this kind of eraser. It cost 50 cents in the school supermarket, which is not worth much money, so I...." 

"So you take it." 

"Do you know that this style of eraser is sold by a pair, you use a blue pig, she uses a red pig!" 

Although the scene is a bit untimely, but looking at the school bully's ferocious care about two pigs, Zhuo Jun left unexpectedly strange a little want to laugh. 

Of course, Shi Qing didn't care only about this. He gritted his teeth and said, pointing his right index finger on Zhuo Junli's clavicle: 

"an eraser's five hairs, your five hairs, her five hairs, together are not one piece? You are in the show of love naked, you are still learning bully, how can you not even see such a simple truth, still say that you are not secretly communicating with her in song style! " 

Zhuo Junli: "it's a dark song." 

Shi Qing said: 

After a few seconds, the school bully growled in anger: 

"I know! I love to say that. Can you control it? " 

Zhuo Jun left silence for a few seconds. Under the threat of school bully, he opened his mouth: "then I will return the eraser to tongxinyu." 

When Qing this just satisfied takes back the hand: "this is also almost." 

"You'd better remember what you promised me, and if I see anything from her on your desk tomorrow, I'll throw it all in the trash can." 

"All right, let's go." 

He pushed Zhuo Jun to go straight ahead. 

Zhuo Jun left and felt wrong. 

He calculated the result, according to Shi Qing's words, he was jealous of the child's heart rain and gave them to himself. Shouldn't he take those things as his own? 

As he walked, he calculated from the bottom of his heart that he was walking slower. The school bully who had been following him immediately urged him: "you belong to a rabbit! If you don't hurry, I want to walk slowly and freeze to death, don't you? " 

Zhuo Junli looked to finish this sentence, then walked to his side, dressed in down jacket, the whole body wrapped up in the strict time of Qing. 

Look down at your sweater again. 

What do you think? When you walk slowly, it's him, not Shi Qing, who gets frozen. 

However, the school bully who always takes himself as the center doesn't care about these things. He dislikes Zhuo Jun's walking too slowly. He takes his arm and runs back to the dormitory with him all the way. 

When opening the dormitory door, when the forehead has a little because of the rapid running and sweat, a hot down jacket off.Then urged Zhuo Jun to leave: "hurry to take a bath, stay in the toilet for so long, you want to stink me!" 

Zhuo Jun should leave, open the cabinet and take his clothes. 

He loves to be clean, but since he lived in a dormitory with Shiqing, he has to be urged to take a bath every time. There are bubbles on his head several times, and the school bully has already kicked the door. 

This time, he took a quick bath, but there was no movement outside. 

Zhuo Jun from always feel a bit wrong, always hold the heart, always pay attention to the surrounding, for fear that when Qing and where to make a prank. 

But until he took a bath and opened the door to come out, Shiqing just leaned on the head of the bed, playing games with his legs up and a toothpick in his mouth. 

That is to say, he looks good, and his posture and movements look very pleasant. 

"Oh, it's done." 

Hearing the news, the school bully raised his head, looked up and down at Zhuo Junli, who was rubbing his wet hair, and whistled: 

"why, where are you sleeping tonight?" 

Where can Zhuo Junli sleep. 

Now other dormitories refused to accept him because of Shi Qing's warning. 

Go to the teacher and get angry with the master. He will be more serious in the future. 

He could only stand by his bed and turn over the bedding: 

"just go to bed." 

"On the bed?" When Qing got up, wearing slippers to Zhuo Jun left the bed, touched his bedding: "your bed is so wet, how to sleep?" 

This is very reasonable, as if Zhuo Jun was not splashing water on his bed. 

Zhuo Jun is not angry. 

If he was really angry with the time, he would have been very angry. 

He turned the bed over. "This side is not too wet. I sleep on this side." 

"Oh..." 

When Qing suddenly realized. 

He nodded and turned to the bathroom. 

Zhuo Jun left also did not care about him, only stuffy head to clean up his own bed, try to let the dry place fit the skin. 

There was a tap coming from the toilet. 

After a while, Zhuo Jun left the bottom of the bedding and turned to half. Suddenly, he heard Shi Qing's voice from behind: "Hello, get out of the way." 

The young man turned his head blankly and saw that Shiqing was standing behind him with a basin of water. 

"Tut." 

When he saw that he only looked at himself and did not move, he raised his eyebrows impatiently: 

"let you get out of the way, don't you hear me, don't let me throw it on you." 

Zhuo Jun left can only get up, let to one side, looking at the time when he came to his bed: "what do you do..." Yes. 

When Qing Zheng was humming a song, very evenly and slowly, he sprinkled the basin of water on his hands all over the bed. 

After sprinkling, the bed can't sleep any more. 

He threw the basin to the ground in a good mood. 

"Come on, now tell me where you sleep tonight." 

Zhuo Junli: 

He clenched his fists, and his hazel eyes grew angry. 

Clay figurines also have three temperaments. What's more, his good temper and bullying appearance are not as powerful as talents. 

Shiqing! 

What a bully! 

When his fists became more and more tight, he raised his eyebrows and with a proud smile, pulled him to his bed and pushed him to the bed. 

His bed was covered with good bedding, soft and fluffy. When Zhuo Jun was pushed, the whole person was half trapped and his clenched fists were vented. 

After the reaction, he put his hands on the bed to sit up, but was pushed by Shiqing and sank in again. 

So Zhuo Jun left can only be so trapped in the soft quilt, looking at standing on the ground, looking down at his school bully. 

"Since your bed can't sleep, please follow me later." 

"You don't have to be too grateful to me. As long as you stay away from the childlike rain, I am a good person to talk to." 

He said it as if he was not the one who wet the quilt. 

Zhuo Junli: 

"All right, blow your hair dry and don't wet my bed." 

Not sure what the situation is now, Zhuo Junli can only absolutely see the move. 

"I don't have a hair dryer." 

In fact, the school dormitories are equipped with hair dryer, but when the eldest young master disliked that hair dryer is not easy to use, he directly threw it away. 

He has a good hair dryer, but Zhuo Junli, who is penniless and only has rice card money, can only rely on air drying every time in the cold weather. 

"Tut." 

When Qing went to the cabinet, found out his hair dryer and lost it in the past: "you are allowed to use mine first."Three minutes later. 

Zhuo Jun from sitting on the chair blowing hair, while blowing, while turning to see behind, is drilling in the quilt lying prone to play games when Qing. 

Maybe he noticed that he was looking at himself. The school bully raised his head, frowned and impatient. He took a hand and patted the pillow next to him: 

"Why are you so slow, but hurry up! I'm so sleepy. " 

Zhuo Junli: 

He always felt that something was wrong. 

Boys' hair is easy to blow dry, and Shiqing's hair dryer is a good brand. After a while, Zhuo Jun's hair is dry and can't be dried any more. 

He slowly put the hair dryer, and was about to clean the dormitory before going to bed according to the usual practice. He just picked up the broom. When he was playing the game, Qing Qing looked up and saw it, and his face became more impatient. 

"Where to sweep? Let them sweep it for me tomorrow. If you don't come up, I'll drag it down directly!" 

I don't know why. Zhuo Junli always feels that Shi Qing's expression seems a little bit unable to hold oneself back? 

Besides, it seems a little excited. 

As soon as he sat down beside the bed, he took off his shoes and was dragged to bed. 

"You sleep inside." 

As if he was afraid that he would run away, the school bully pushed his roommates to the inside, wrapped him up in the warm and warm quilt, and sat up uneasily, and tucked in his quilt tightly under Zhuo Jun's stiff expression. 

After that, Shi Qing reached out and turned off the light. 

Quite can't wait to get into the bed, not polite to a kind of Octopus posture Zhuo Jun away from to hold tight. 

Zhuo Jun left just uncomfortable to move the body, he was impolitely scolded: "be honest! If you are not honest, you will not sleep in my bed again 

He didn't want to sleep. 

In the dark, Zhuo Jun looked at the darkness with his eyes open, beside which was a warm and hot heat source. 

I always feel that something is wrong.





 Zhuo Jun didn't sleep very well from this night. 

Shiqing is very domineering, his sleeping posture is also very domineering naturally, like octopus embracing people, occasionally his hands even move dishonestly. 

Every time Zhuo Jun left just gently and quietly took down the hand of Shiqing. After two seconds, that hand was put back domineering again. 

And, more than ever before. 

Even the legs were pressed on the youth. 

Shiqing's weight is not as heavy as Zhuo Jun's imagination, but he was a person since he was young, and he is not suitable to sleep with people. 

Xueba breathed soundlessly, and slowly took down the hand hanging on his body. 

Shi Qing put it up again. 

He took it again. 

Shiqing put it on again. 

He took it again. 

Shi Qing: "what do you do when you don't sleep in the middle of the night?" 

His tone is full of dissatisfaction, and a little confused, but his hand with this sentence, once again the bully to the people tight. 

Zhuo Junli blinked in the dark: 

"your hand..." 

"Well? What 

When Qing closed his eyes and yawned, he put his head on the shoulder of the youth, with a natural look. He patted his pajamas with Zhuo Junli's hand. 

"Go to bed and buy me breakfast tomorrow morning." 

The young man did not speak, only in the dark according to the feeling, slowly put his hand on his own hand, trying to take his hand down. 

Then the hand gave him a backhand grip and held him tight. 

A warm source of heat came from another person. 

Zhuo Junli: 

He silently wants to pull back his hand. 

When the clear grip more tightly. 

And also very dissatisfied reprimand way: "don't make noise!" 

Zhuo Jun did not move again. 

He reluctantly exhaled his breath, forced himself to ignore the heat source and the hand held by him, and began to sleep. 

Zhuo Jun did not sleep well this night. 

He had been dreaming all night, dreaming that he was tightly bound by a ball python and couldn't move. 

Golden ball python also around his body, a down and out of his pajamas, with the hot body temperature to touch him. 

It's winter, but it's too hot. 

No, Zhuo Junli, who was entangled by ball python in his dream, suddenly found the loophole in this dream. 

Snakes are cold-blooded animals. If they want to raise their body temperature, they rely on external activities, such as basking in the sun. 

Obviously, there is no sun here. 

So it's a dream. 

So Zhuo Jun left in the dream, while being entangled by the ball python, recalled the math problems that he could still remember. 

The next day, Zhuo Junli opened his eyes in the early morning relying on the biological clock. 

Next to him, when he was sleeping, his legs were still hanging on his body, his eyes were closed and his mouth was slightly open, just like a good dream. 

Zhuo Jun left the body slightly moved, the original sweet school bully immediately turned over, skillfully closed his eyes and held the person firmly. 

Zhuo Junli, whose hands and feet were suppressed, could not move 

Now he knows what happened to his dream last night. 

When Qing's strength is great, Zhuo Jun left hard for half a day, but he can't pull out his hands and feet. 

Can only helplessly call him: "when Qing." 

"Shi Qing." 

"Well Who is it 

The school bully, who was awakened in his sleep, opened his eyes and raised his head to Shangzhuo Jun's sight. His eyes were still confused, but his face showed a smile. 

The original always arrogant voice brought a little happiness: 

"it's you." 

He kept such a happy smile, very natural to get over, and Zhuo Jun face to face. 

The distance between the tip of the nose and the tip of the nose is just one silk. 

Zhuo Jun left so helplessly that he poured a bed of water on his bed yesterday. He used his nose tip to rub his nose tip. 

Zhuo Junli: 

His brain, which had always been able to infer everything, did not move. 

And the most bizarre, or with his brain a blank, school bully is still playing in general, continue to rub his nose with the tip of his eyes full of thick smile. 

From this angle, Zhuo Junli can only see his eyes. 

Shiqing is a standard narrow eye. When he doesn't smile, he looks very arrogant and imposing, but when he smiles and bends his eyes, he looks clear and bright. 

At the moment, this pair of black bright eyes, full of joy. 

Zhuo Jun left or the first time with a person so close, his ears gradually red. 

He can stand the cold eye. 

Violence can be treated calmly. 

I can also think calmly when I am so cold that I feel stiff.But in the face of the few people who get intimate, Zhuo Jun is at a loss. 

He has always been able to calm down in his heart and decide what to do next. At the moment, he is a little flustered. 

When Qing slowly, slowly will two people distance to pull apart some. 

Such a posture allows him to see Zhuo Jun's expression on his face which is pressed by his own hand. 

Zhuo Jun left because of his special growth experience and precocious than his peers, but also through some camouflage to protect himself. 

But at this time point, he was not the king who turned his hands for the clouds and the hands for the rain, standing on the top of the mountain. He was just a student who indulged in learning all day and tried to reverse his life by learning. 

At the moment, the young man's pretty and white face has been slowly dyed with blush. His eyes are full of panic. His long eyelashes are blinking with the master's thoughts. 

There are only four words to describe it: 

beautiful and delicious. 

I can!! ] 

because his hand fell on Zhuo Junli's pajamas, Shi Qing could feel his chest rise and fall with his tension. 

One second. 

One second. 

Again. 

It's soft and bouncy. 

Zhuo Junli belongs to the standard of wearing thin clothes and taking off clothes with meat. Otherwise, he would not look like a poor boy when he was a student. When he grew up, he could become a full-fledged handsome man. 

When qingneng across the clothes, feel the abdominal muscles. 

He felt his clothes with great lust. 

Sure enough, it feels first-class. 

[tut Tut, cool! ] 

System: [host, host, you are now set to bully him ] 

I'm bullying him now, don't you see his face angry? Look, your angry face is red. ] 

System: [ ] 

it's about to cry: 

it's not allowed to break the rules. ] 

[where did it collapse? Did I collapse? ] 

Shi Qing came over again and rubbed Zhuo Jun away with the tip of his nose. He watched the young man's body stiff, even his neck dyed pink, and his face became more and more happy. 

Zhuo Junli began to stutter when he was pressed against his chest clothes and his nose was touched by intimacy: 

"Shiqing, what do you do..." 

"Dream." 

School bully answered with a strong sense of reason. His hand slowly followed Zhuo Jun's arm and slowly grasped his hand. His eyes were full of satisfaction. 

After that, he held Zhuo Junli's hand and slowly stretched out his index finger. Like a massage, he slowly turned around on the thin cocoon of young people's palms, raised his eyes slightly, and narrowed his eyes like a fox: 

"you are very good today." 

Zhuo Junli: What are you talking about? " 

"Oh, I will speak today." 

School bully's face with a trace of surprise, get closer: "say, you like..." 

- bang bang bang! 

When he was knocked at the door, he was knocked! When I get up, I get up 

"Look what I've brought you, Shige! Are you up? Open the door 

The atmosphere in the room froze for a moment. 

They were still in their original positions. 

Almost all the people in the Qing Dynasty pressed Zhuo Jun to leave his body. His right hand held his left hand, and his left hand pressed on his chest. 

Face to face, nose to nose. 

Close to an absolutely uncomfortable distance. 

"I still have Lu Tao in my dream," he said 

Lu Tao is the one outside the door. Shi Qing has the best relationship with him in the class. 

Zhuo Junli: "this should not be a dream." 

School bully:.... " 

He rubbed away from the youth, the whole person with the wind speed shrank in the cup, only one head. 

"Why are you in my bed!" 

Zhuo Junli: 

Fortunately, without any explanation from him, Shi Qing recalled himself. He stretched out his slender hand and patted his head: 

"yes, I asked you to come." 

"I'm asleep." 

After finding out what happened, the school bully's expression became vicious again, "what are you doing in my bed when you wake up! Don't hurry down! " 

Zhuo Junli has given up explaining to him the fact that he held himself so tightly that he couldn't get out of bed. 

Anyway, Shiqing never makes sense. 

It's just 

He put his hand on his chest and felt his heart beating rapidly. His eyes were at a loss. 

What do you mean by what Shi Qing just said? 

Does he think he's dreaming? 

What do you mean by "you are very good today"? Isn't it the first time that Shi Qing dreamed of him? 

Zhuo Jun left slightly dark under the eyes, all these doubts hidden in the bottom of my heart, the face as usual out of bed to open the door.Outside, Lu Tao was surprised to see what opened the door. 

The boy scratched his head and walked away from Zhuo Jun to Shi Qing's bedside. "Ah, brother Shi, didn't we lock Zhuo Jun away in the toilet last night? How did he get out? " 

The school bully was already distraught. At the moment, seeing Lu Tao mention Zhuo Jun Li again, he was in a worse mood and spoke in a very violent tone: 

"what do you care about him! If you can't give me a decent reason, I won't kill you! " 

Lu Tao has long been used to getting up angry with the boss. He is not angry at all. He smiles and hands the things he has been holding to Shiqing. 

"You see, I sent someone to take it with me. I came home last night. I brought it to you today. You can have a look." 

"What a piece of crap." 

When Qing wrung eyebrows, carrying landing Tao handed over the things up and down around to see: "Buddha card?" 

"This is not an ordinary Buddha's card, but a Buddhist card bestowed by eminent monks. The main purpose is to protect people's safety. Moreover, I heard that the temple's miraculous effect is to ask for the Buddha's card in his home, and the results of the high school entrance examination and the college entrance examination can all play an extraordinary role!" 

Shi Qing looks at the small Buddha card on his hand. With simple workmanship, even the rope is just a woven red rope. 

"That's it? Even if it's useful, I don't expect to play super well. Even if it's a duck's egg, I'll still be happy in the future. " 

He throws the Buddha card, and Lu Tao catches it carefully. 

"Ah, Shi Ge, why can't you think about it? You think Tong Xinyu values learning most. If you give her this Buddha card and tell her what it can do, she must be moved." 

"We don't care about grades, but Tong Xinyu cares. Her family is just ordinary. It's very important for them to get a good score in the exam." 

Shi Qing was thoughtful: "what you said is reasonable." 

"And it's really useful. I inquired several people and said it's useful. Don't you like her, Shige? If you do well in the exam, she will be happy 

Zhuo Junli is washing in the bathroom, the door is not sound insulation, he can also clearly hear what two people are saying outside. 

Shiqing likes tongxinyu, which is known to the whole class. The younger brothers around him also gather together every day to help the eldest brother find a way to hold the beauty home. 

If before, Zhuo Jun left to hear what two people said, the bottom of my heart still had to be happy. 

Shiqing and tongxinyu have become good. When they become, Shiqing will not want to trouble him any more. 

But now 

The young man looked at himself in the mirror and touched his chest. 

Where the heart has returned to normal beating speed, but the mind is full of just school bully pressure on him, it is a little confused, but full of satisfaction expression. 

Zhuo Jun lifted his eyes and looked at himself in the mirror full of confusion. He said softly, "I like..." 

What's behind hi? 

Why did Shi Qing want him to say that? 

He has a vague guess in his heart, but this guess is too impossible, impossible to arrive, even if it looks like a fact, Zhuo Jun left also can't believe it. 

Zhuo Junli is still the same as before. After buying breakfast for Shiqing and having breakfast by himself, Zhuo Jun left the dormitory with his schoolbag on his back in silence. 

As soon as the young master who was biting the bun saw that he was going to leave, he immediately opened his mouth and called out: "you! Wait 

Lu Tao immediately followed: "yes! Wait 

The handsome young man stopped and looked back at them. 

When Qing stood up and pushed the leftover food on his table: "come here, take it for me." 

Lu Tao on the side immediately pushed his breakfast as well: 

"yes, take it for me." 

"Take your uncle!" 

Zhuo Junli was about to step forward when he saw Shi Qing turn his face and give Lu Tao a brain crack. "You're a repeater, you're addicted to learning from me!" 

Lu Tao was collapsed by the neck of a shrink, quickly chat up with a smile: "then I don't let him take, I take it by myself." 

So Zhuo Jun left with the breakfast of Shiqing, followed by Shi Qing. In the back, Lu Tao was holding his breakfast and carrying his schoolbag. 

School bully: do you remember what you promised me last night 

"As soon as I get to the classroom, I will return the blue pig to Tong Xinyu. Do you hear me?" 

Zhuo Junli: 

No matter how many times he listened to it, he always wanted to laugh when he heard him say blue pig in such a jealous tone. 

Of course, you can't laugh. 

He just as if timidly dropped his eyes, slowly asked: "is not I returned to her, you will not trouble me." 

"Did I trouble you?" 

When the cold hum, while talking, while holding the index finger once, point Zhuo Jun left the shoulder. 

The tone is quite resentful: "it's you who have provoked me again and again!"Zhuo Jun left silently endure his not so heavy poke. 

Only for their own discrimination way: "I really have no interest in children's heart rain." 

Lu Tao, who followed the two men, silently bowed a sympathetic tear for Zhuo Jun from the bottom of his heart. 

What's good about brother Shi is that it's unreasonable. 

When Zhuo Jun left, he didn't hide from them. 

It's really pitiful. I've learned how to be a bully. I've been staring at him. 

Shi Qing obviously didn't feel that he was unreasonable. He broke his fingers to Zhuo Jun and calculated: "tell me, did you say 21 words with Tong Xinyu yesterday?" 

"You said three words to Lu Tao. It's not too late. After self-study, you told me 11 words. We can't compare with tongxinyu. Do you still say you don't care for her?" 

Lu Tao behind him:.... " 

Good, Zhuo Junli, what are you talking to them for. 

He quietly moved forward and patted his shoulder: "brother Shi, the point seems to be wrong. It should be compared with what tongxinyu said to Zhuo Junli and tongxinyu told us." 

School bully:.... " 

He looked at Lu Tao with a fierce look in his eyes. 

Lu Tao: 

He shrunk his neck: "yes!! How can you make a mistake! yes! That's how it should be 

When Qing this just satisfied to take back the sight, toward Zhuo Jun leave raise eyebrow: "see? Lu Tao feels the same way. " 

"If you don't want to suffer any more, you'd better honestly accept your rotten thoughts on childlike rain, or I'll catch you..." 

Lu Tao broke in again: "if I catch you, it's over. There are so many girls in the class who like you. You say you have to hang up on Tong Xinyu. I think our representative of Chinese is very good. You and she can make a pair." 

"Tut." 

The school bully frowned, stopped and looked at his younger brother impatiently: 

"can you stop interrupting when I'm talking 

Lu Tao: I, I just give him a plan for the future, so he won't delay the time. Do you chase the child's heart rain? And, besides, the Chinese class really likes Zhuo Junli... " 

"Like you, my uncle likes it!" 

Shi Qing gave him another brain collapse, full of anger: 

"what do you mean, you!" 

Lu Tao didn't know how he provoked the master at all, and his face was full of grievances. "What's wrong with you, then Zhuo Junli, if you want to go after the class representative, won't no one take the child's heart rain with you?" 

"Fart!" 

"The girls in the class are all Laozi's," Shiqing sneered 

Lu Tao: 

Lu Tao: 

He looked at his eldest son's face: "I will never allow anyone to touch my hands." he raised his chin and threatened Zhuo Junli: 

"do you hear me? If you dare to meet other girls in the class, you will die! " 

Zhuo Jun left a blank face. 

Lu Tao looked around and was wronged for him. He quietly and quietly pointed out his head: "that In fact, the girls in other classes who like Zhuo Junli are also... " 

"You shut up!" 

Shiqing's angry roar successfully turned Lu Tao into a little quail, and shut his mouth with his schoolbag and rice. 

Seeing that he was about to walk to the teaching building, Shiqing suddenly stopped. 

"You go up first. I'll go shopping." 

Zhuo Jun left hand still carrying his rice, listen to ask: "breakfast put on your table?" 

"Put it on your desk." 

School bully a face of course: "today change position, I want to sit with you at the same table." 

Zhuo Junli: 

"Remember last night you promised me, when I went upstairs, I would check it. If you didn't return it to tongxinyu, I would kill you." 

The school bully is heading for the school supermarket. 

Lu Tao saw him go, relieved, bumped into Zhuo Jun and left his arm: "I'm afraid you'll sit with tongxinyu. Don't worry. Shige likes tongxinyu. As long as you don't hinder him, he won't embarrass you." 

Zhuo Jun from slightly twisted eyebrows, not easy to detect the movement of the body, do not let Lu Tao touch himself. 

Lu Tao didn't find out. He was still murmuring: "what? In fact, I don't have any opinions on you. Just now I helped you speak. If I didn't speak for you, Shige would hate you more. So you copy yesterday's homework for me, and I'll hand it in after self-study. How about copying homework for me 。” 

Zhuo Junli asked him, "does Shiqing hate me?" 

"Why not? As soon as he knew that tongxinyu was assigned to be on duty with you last night, he was so angry that he shut you up with us. " 

"But how did you get out? We also specially inquired about it. Mr. Wang has something to do today. The teacher who checks the bed is a woman and should not go to the men's room. "Zhuo Jun left slightly squinted. 

"I can copy your homework for you, but tell me first when Shiqing fell in love with tongxinyu." 

"When..." 

Lu Tao also a little can't remember, "it seems that tongxinyu confessed to you, when brother is not happy to trouble you, we just know that he likes tongxinyu." 

"Anyway, don't mess with Shige. He's very cruel. The teacher doesn't dare to recruit him." 

Zhuo Jun left slightly pick eyebrows. 

When Qing was angry with him, it was because tongxinyu confessed to him. 

Or is it because he was confessed by the child's heart rain? 

After Zhuo Jun left upstairs, he directly found the blue pig rubber which had not been used several times, and went to the children's heart rain table. 

Tongxinyu is indeed a very lovely girl. She is beautiful and straightforward. 

See like the person to take the initiative to go to their own table, was originally with the same table, she immediately sat up straight body, to be more dignified, more dignified, full of expectations to see Zhuo Jun left. 

Then, in her expectant sight, Zhuo Junli put the blue rubber on her desk: 

"sorry, I can't use it, I'll give it back to you." 

The look of expectation on the face of tongxinyu became lost. She was unwilling to pick up the rubber, "just a rubber. I just want to thank you for helping me with the topic." 

"What's more, your old piece is not about to be used up. I found one here and I said 

"Ah." All of a sudden, tongxinyu's voice came from behind. Tongxinyu's voice was very loud. She frowned and looked at Shiqing who came in from the back door with anger on her face. 

Br 

when you get to Tongjun, you can see what you are doing with the rubber 

"It's up to you!" 

Tongxinyu knows that Shiqing likes himself, but he doesn't like Shiqing. He's not gentle at all. He's still so bad tempered. I heard that he fought with people outside. He looks good, but he's just a scandal! 

She made it clear to Shi Qing so many times that she would not like him in any case, and this man was still shameless. 

Moreover, he bullied Zhuo Junli. 

The more he thought about it, the more annoyed he was, and the tone of tongxinyu was not polite: 

"I picked up an eraser, but I can't use it myself. When I see that Zhuo Junli's rubber is almost used up, I will give it to him. Is there any problem?" 

"No problem." 

When Qing put his hands in his pocket and picked his eyebrows, he asked: "you said you picked it up. Who knows if you picked it up or bought it by yourself." 

"You 

Tongxinyu looked around and saw that the students around found that there was a dispute here. They were all curious and looked over, and their faces were red with anger. 

Although she likes Zhuo Jun from this matter did not cover up, but she is a girl, eager to buy a rubber, deliberately pretended to pick it up and give it to someone she likes. How can she be willing to let others poke it. 

Tongxinyu is just an ordinary girl who lives in the ivory tower. She really doesn't know how to refute it. She has to bite her hard: 

"I just picked it up! Picked it up on the ground! No way 

"Yes." 

The good-looking school bully slowly tengtengteng took his hand out of his pocket. There was a brand-new blue pig eraser in his palm. 

"Ah, ah ~" 

he gave a faint cry, turned his palm over, and the blue pig fell to the ground. 

Shi Qing lowered his head, his face showed exaggerated surprise, squatted down and picked up the blue pig; 

"how can there be an eraser here? I don't know who dropped it." 

Tong Xinyu: 

She watched as Shiqing was so brazen as to hold the little blue pig and hold his God's hand with one hand. 

Then, let the blue pig go. 

School bully's face is careless, big square: "Zhuo Jun leave you, isn't the eraser nearly used up?" 

"I just picked one up and gave it to you."





 "Zhuo's hand is blue 

Tong Xinyu: 

The other students who were watching the crowd said 

They have never seen such a brazen person. 

The child heart rain angry head, a slap on the table: "you deceive too much!" 

Shi Qing: "I'm too much of a bully. What can you do with me?" 

"Good!" 

Tongxinyu really want to be angry, she is good, from small to big, there are not few students chasing her. 

But this is still, this is the first time she met such a method of chasing people as Shi Qing. 

Take a deep breath and take out your red eraser. "Whatever you want. Now, Zhuo Junli's eraser and I are a pair." 

"Tut tut." 

When Qing pick eyebrow, slow, take out another hand from pocket again. 

Open your hand. In the palm, there is a little blue pig. 

He was so badly in need of beating his own pig and Zhuo Jun from the pig together. 

Pig's mouth to pig's mouth. 

Still quite proud, blinked at the child's heart rain which was about to explode. 

"We are a couple." 

Tong Xinyu: 

Ah, ah, ah, she felt like she was going to explode. 

How can there be such a shameless person in the world!! 

"By the way, you should know about the change of seats in the class today." 

Shiqing, however, seemed to have never seen the expression of childlike rain that was going to explode. She was still that pair of languid looks, and her hands were leisurely on Zhuo Jun's shoulder, with a pair of good expressions. 

"I told the old class, let me sit next to Zhuo Jun, later if you pick up any individual to give him, I can meet him." 

"I can meet any more topics." 

Said, school bully of course added a sentence: "but he is my deskmate, to talk about the topic should also first tell me, you have no problem." 

Tong Xinyu: 

Her eyes were red with anger, and she got up in anger. Shaking her fingers, she pointed at it for a long time before she could say: 

"son of a bitch!" 

Leaving this sentence, she turned and ran out of the classroom. 

"Ah! Heart rain 

Tong Xinyu's deskmate is a fat and lovely girl. When he sees his deskmate running, he gets up to chase him. 

When Qing full face "problem is not big" expression, waved to her: "do not chase, will have a class, Tong Xinyu so love to learn, must come back to class." 

He looked down at his watch and said, "she'll be back in five minutes." 

Zhuo Jun left his eyes a little complicated and clear. 

Lu Tao is also very miserable. 

Finally, he didn't hold back. He went up and quietly said to Shi Qing: "brother Shi, chasing the person you like, it seems that it's not like this." 

"What's the problem?" 

School bully pick eyebrows, a face straight: "now is not very good? If I sit at the same table with Zhuo Jun, tongxinyu will not come to him. " 

Lu Tao: 

Yes, tongxinyu wants face. He will not leave Zhuo Jun. 

But the same, she is more impossible to find Shi Qing! 

You like other people's little girls, but you are good coax ah, not primary school students, put forward such an attitude, childlike rain will agree to the pursuit of time Qing is strange. 

However, they always think fast when the elder brother just seems not to notice what is wrong, so one hand hook Zhuo Junli's shoulder, as if with some victory products, sitting in the position triumphantly. 

When waiting for the change of position, when Qing as expected and Zhuo Jun from sitting together. 

And for the next few days, he kept his promise. 

Dutifully in the child heart rain and Zhuo Jun leave between when a light bulb. 

Tongxinyu summoned up the courage to find Zhuo Jun from the problem, just started, Zhuo Jun left Zhuo has not come out, while sitting on the time Qing has been quick to put his book in Zhuo Jun away from the eyes. 

The school bully first raised his eyebrows in front of the rain of childlike innocence, and then looked like "I am a good student who loves to study". He asked seriously: 

"Zhuo Junli, what should I do about this question?" 

However, after he had asked a question, he could still ask another question, another one, another one. 

If Tong Xinyu questions him, Shi Qing can ask back with great reason: 

"why? Who stipulates that you can only ask one math question, but can't I have more questions? " 

Then the child heart rain was angry to run away. 

This girl is a persevering girl. The more Shi Qing stops her from approaching Zhuo Jun, the more she wants to find every opportunity. 

No class time is not only after class break can have, early self-study, lunch time, physical education, evening self-study, she can always find opportunities.However, the road is one foot high and the devil is ten feet high. 

When you can still really dominate Zhuo Jun for 24 hours, you can't leave her. 

Two people a dormitory, usually after school Qing pull Zhuo Jun away from the dormitory, tongxinyu a girl, always bad to run to the boys' dormitory. 

It's needless to say that after class, Qing took Zhuo Jun to talk and talk about the topic after class. Tongxinyu couldn't find any chance. 

As the whole class knows, Shiqing is on the bar with tongxinyu. 

If he can't pursue the rain of childlike innocence, he can't pursue Zhuo Jun. 

That is even to eat Zhuo Jun from the look closely, a hair silk do not let the child heart rain touch. 

The younger brothers headed by Lu Tao said, "are you OK, brother Shi?"? Don't you see childlike rain? Do you feel more and more disgusted with your eyes? " To praise, Qing's move is really high. 

Before he bullied Zhuo Jun left, tongxinyu will only be more and more distressed, sometimes will sue the teacher, the teacher will criticize them. 

But now, when brother don't do anything, is to dominate Zhuo Jun to leave. 

Zhuo Jun from what you want to do! 

But I have to be with Shiqing. 

That's even going to the bathroom. Both of them have to go together. 

It can be said that the perfect 24-hour control of the love enemy, so that the child heart rain is not touched at all. 

High! 

Too high! 

In this way, the teacher can not grasp the handle, do not say, childlike rain also can not use external force to intervene. 

And be praised by a group of people is really worthy of the elder brother, is the fierce Shi Qing, recently the small life also very happy. 

As a super rich second generation, he lives in school for the simple reason that his parents are busy and have no time to take care of him. 

As a rich second generation, who was spoiled and grew up, playing all night when he was not living in school, it was a common practice to play all night. 

Therefore, he was arranged to live on campus. 

But even if he lives in school, he can satisfy what he wants as long as it is not too much. 

For example, other students are not allowed to bring mobile notebook, he is reckless. 

Because the teacher doesn't check the bed. 

Similarly, because the teacher does not check the bed, when clear want to do anything can. 

Recently, he even took advantage of class time to let people move a bathtub in his bedroom. 

The whole school is not happy, but who knows that the whole school is not happy. 

To say that the pressure is great, Zhuo Jun is from the biggest. 

Now he is only a sophomore in senior high school. He has begun to play hard to learn. 

If Shiqing didn't pull him to sleep every day, he would have been able to keep an immortal's sleep at two o'clock and get up at half past five. 

The longest time to enjoy this bathtub is Zhuo Junli. 

I don't know what he thought when he was in the bathtub. Anyway, the repulsion degree has dropped to 88. 

After nearly two weeks, Zhuo Junli can also skillfully deal with the school bully who is like octopus on his body every night. 

Before Shi Qingmei and tongxinyu fought against each other, the catchphrase was "even if I was a duck egg, I would definitely be better than anyone else". 

Now he's changing his tune. 

In today's physical education class, Tong Xinyu had just seized the opportunity of Shiqing to buy a coke. He went up to chat up with Zhuo Junli. This guy came out of nowhere and put his hand on Zhuo Junli's shoulder to lean on his side. 

Skillfully raised his chin and raised his eyebrows: "Zhuo Jun, leave, go with me to buy Coke." 

Yes, his mantra is: Zhuo Junli, go to XXX with me. 

Moreover, Zhuo Jun, as the party concerned, can really follow Shiqing together. He doesn't care about being so angry that he wants to tear up the childlike rain of school bully. 

Of course, no one can blame him for his coldness when talking about it. 

After all, the whole class knows that Shi Qing is arrogant and overbearing, and the teacher can't control him. 

Now Zhuo Jun left with him at the same table and a dormitory with him. If he gets angry, what should he do. 

Zhuo Jun didn't feel anything left. 

He went into the supermarket with Shiqing. Shiqing still bought two bottles of coke, one for himself and the other for Zhuo Junli. 

No one thought there was anything wrong with him. He said that Zhuo Jun left to accompany him to buy things. When he was generous, it was nothing to give Zhuo Jun a bottle more. 

In fact, there are few physical education classes in senior two, but their school is more special than other schools. They think that students' grades are better, but their bodies should also keep up with them. 

Therefore, people's school physical education running, chatting, free activities. 

Their school physical education is to learn Military Boxing. 

The president has a good reason. Now he has learned Military Boxing, he can protect himself. In the future, he will learn military training faster. 

In the winter, a group of students in sweaters and down coats followed the teacher, just sweating.Zhuo Junli, in particular, has been in poor health. 

When I was a child, my father didn't care much about him. If it hadn't been for the pity of his neighbors and letting him eat from home from time to time, he would have been starved to death. 

Growing up is not much better. I have to work part-time while studying. Sometimes I have to endure my father's domestic violence when I go home. I can't compare with my peers. 

He studied very seriously, but he couldn't keep up with his physical strength. He was already thirsty. Then he was pulled to the canteen by Shiqing and handed him a coke. 

Zhuo Junli took coke, said thank you, unscrewed the cap and drank it. 

The younger brothers of Shiqing always thought that it was very strange. Zhuo Jun should leave this man. Although he is good-natured, he is a little lofty. If people give him anything, he doesn't want it. 

As for the eraser of 50 cents, Tong Xinyu said that he picked it up by himself, and then put it directly into Zhuo Jun's table hole before he collected it. 

As a result, when he changed to Qingqing, during this period of time, in order to prevent his "rival" from contacting with Tong Xinyu, he would also occasionally buy Zhuo Junli a piece of food. 

But Zhuo Junli, who refused politely to others, accepted all the things that Shi Qing gave him. 

After analyzing the meal, we felt that Zhuo Junli was afraid of getting angry if he didn't accept it. 

School bully! That's not just talk. 

Physical education is the last class, a class, the girl child Xinyu came again. 

Then, she saw when Qing overbearing with Zhuo Jun left the shoulder, big square to the canteen. 

Today Friday, after eating the canteen, we can go home on holiday. 

Child heart rain this sister has a stubborn force, when the Qing more is to stop, the more she is to approach the male god. 

Now she has been able to run to two people without changing her face, ignoring Shiqing and only talking to Zhuo Junli. 

Today's sister is still shy and courageous, slightly red face: "Zhuo Jun from, I remember I and your house on the way, let's go together." 

She likes Zhuo Junli, and of course she has paid attention to him and knows which way his family is going. 

Zhuo Jun left his shoulder with Shiqing's hand, and he could clearly feel that, with the childlike rain saying this sentence, Shiqing's hands were not one point two points. 

In fact, Shiqing doesn't have to worry about it. He won't go home on holiday. 

Good school, he does not stay, go home waiting to be beaten? 

"No, I'm going to help the teacher get the next week's paper. I can't go with you." 

Tongxinyu continued to ask: 

"why don't I go with you? I have nothing to do today." 

"I have nothing to do today." 

When Qing is still like before that grinning to insert, full face rascal: "how about we three go together?" 

Child heart rain hold fast for two weeks, this moment, in another wall, she finally can not hold back. 

"Why are you so annoying! I've said that I don't like you, and I won't like you. I don't like you in anything you do! " 

Zhuo Jun left almost immediately turned his eyes to Shi Qing. 

At such an age, people like to say that in public, how should it be hard. 

However, the school bully was still smiling and couldn't see the sadness of being criticized by his sweetheart: 

"it doesn't matter, you are free. Anyway, I won't let you get close to Zhuo Jun. otherwise, I'll send you home, and you'll take advantage of it." 

"You! Hugh! Think 

"Son of a bitch!" 

Tongxinyu was once again angry. 

And when the Qing Dynasty more to Zhuo Jun away from that side, a pair got the booty of pride appearance. 

The young man beside him had dark eyes and deep eyes under long eyelashes. 

The school bully obviously didn't realize what he was thinking about in his captive spoils. When he had dinner together as usual, the two returned to their dormitories. 

"Ah 

He was lying on the bed and asked Zhuo Jun Li, who was sitting at his desk reading a Book: "are you not going home this holiday?" 

"Well, not back." 

"Tut." 

"Is it going to be a part-time job again, or going to the bar to sell wine this time?" 

He was very disdainful, with an indescribable sour language way: "dress so tight, do you think the people who buy your wine really want to drink? They want you. " 

Zhuo Junli's reading line of sight was stunned. 

Before that, Shiqing once came to his part-time job to make trouble. 

Deliberately toss him not to say, but also a big fight, provoked the bar boss to dismiss him. 

At that time, it was not true to say that you were not angry. 

But now he has a different direction in his heart. 

The youth suddenly raised his head and turned to see Shiqing on the bed: "why did you go to my part-time job to make trouble before?""What, what, why." 

School bully is obviously Zhuo Jun left the words asked by surprise, a good-looking face is first flustered for a moment, then calm down. 

As soon as he lifted his chin, he looked like "the world is big and the earth is the biggest." he said, "I can do whatever I want." 

Zhuo Jun left, however, did not stop asking as before, but continued to ask: 

"you haven't used the bathtub several times. Why are you installing a bathtub?" 

"You think everyone is as poor as you? If I want to pretend, I have money. How about it? " 

Zhuo Junli did not let go of this topic, and continued to ask: 

"and my bed is dry, I think I can go back to my bed to sleep..." 

The school bully, who was good at playing games on the bed, suddenly got up, pulled the young man over, and then turned over and pressed him under his body. 

When the clear dangerous squint, looking at the body Zhuo Jun from slightly enlarged pupil and face flash panic. 

With one hand on Zhuo Jun's side, he patted the young man's white face with one hand: 

"you talk a lot today." 

The distance between the two is too close, so close to Zhuo Jun from being forced to lie on the bed, you can see clearly when you clear every hair on your face. 

Zhuo Jun left early found that, in fact, the Qing Dynasty is not ferocious, but very good-looking. 

The long and narrow Phoenix eyes, high straight nose, lips are always moist red, just because he is always a ferocious expression, and no one has ever said that he is good-looking, only that he is bad tempered and fierce. 

And now, this bad tempered and fierce person, is slightly squinting Phoenix eyes, meaning unknown looking at him. 

The hand on his face moved down slowly and fell down slowly. 

Zhuo Junli's chin is one of the three bones of the shoulder blade belt. At the moment, he has a beautiful curve because of his deep breathing. 

The slender white fingers fell on one of the three bones of the shoulder blade belt and declined. It was only through the air that it seemed to be measuring something. 

The owner of the hand is getting closer and closer to Zhuo Jun. when he gets close to each other, he can feel his breath. 

They both looked at each other's eyes, although there was no physical contact, the air around them seemed to be hot. 

No one spoke, until Zhuo Jun moved uneasily from the body, and the tip of his finger accidentally touched the face of Shiqing. 

School bully's face is much more tender than it looks, slippery. 

Zhuo Jun left his body stiff, subconsciously apologized: 

"sorry." 

The school bully's body was also stiff. Then, he still held on and put on the appearance of "Laozi doesn't care at all": 

"two big men, touch your face and fear something." 

Zhuo Jun left but still red face, gently dropped long eyelashes: "I didn't mean to, you go down first." 

"Not at all." 

The careless voice of the school bully above is also a little empty: 

"you can give me a definite word, whether you will sleep in my bed tonight or not." 

Zhuo Junli realized that his tone was wrong and raised his eyes in embarrassment. Only then did he find that Shiqing looked natural and his white ear tip had been dyed red. 

The party also didn't notice that he had revealed his secret at all. He blinked his eyes a little guilty, and said with righteous words: 

"I'm used to sleeping next to you these days. If you don't cooperate, I can only take tough measures." 

Zhuo Junli seems to be able to feel the tenderness of Qingqing's cheek. He is a little flustered now. He just drops his eyes and says in a soft voice: 

"I'll cooperate. You come down first." 

Shi Qing was satisfied with this, and picked up her eyebrows and looked proud: 

"that's almost the same." 

With that, he turned over naturally and let Zhuo Jun leave. 

Zhuo Junli is still red, and the collar of his clavicle has just been pulled down by someone. He himself still looks like he hasn't regained his mind. His chest is undulating and breathing, and his clear eyes seem to be moistened with water. 

It has to be said that Zhuo Junli in his youth is really a great beauty. 

When Qing almost a did not hold back and rushed to the person. 

Fortunately, he still had some sense. He felt under the pillow and found the Buddha card given by Lu Tao last time and threw it on Zhuo Jun Li. 

The dark Buddha card fell on the white clavicle, making it more and more white and beautiful. 

The master of the clavicle held up his hands and grasped the Buddha card. Maybe he was a little excited just now. His eyes were slightly bright and he looked at Shiqing: 

"what is this?" 

"Oh I picked it up. It looks so ugly that it doesn't match my temperament. I think your neck is quite suitable. I'll give it to you. " 

The school bully shakes his hands and looks very impatient. 

Zhuo Jun left his eyes and looked at the Buddha card in his hand. He also looked at the face of the Buddha. His ears were red and the blood was dripping. The water in his eyes seemed to be brighter.Ding! The rejection degree of Zhuo Junli: 85 out of 100] 

the air in the room seems to be sticky. 

Perhaps feel uncomfortable, when clear Teng stands up: "I want to go home." 

Zhuo Jun left holding the Buddha card and then stood up: "do you want me to send you?" 

"Give me a fart. What can two big men give you?" 

School bully went out with red ears. 

Only Zhuo Jun left in the bedroom. 

He looked at the Buddha card in his hand and hung it carefully around his neck. 

When he was sure to hang it, the young man touched it. It was the first time that someone gave him this gift of blessing. 

At this end of the road, Shiqing was headed for the East Street with a clear goal. 

The system didn't dare to see it from the beginning, but now it's hard to see it. When it's hard to see it, it's time to clear up and quickly come out: "host, you have to go west. ] 

[I know. ] 

Shi Qing swaggered on the road: [it's time for good people and good things. ] 

System: [? ] 

[in the original plot, didn't Tong Xinyu meet a hooligan on his way home? Just Zhuo Jun left home, in order to help her own arm were broken. 

Now Zhuo Junli is staying in the dormitory. Who can help her? ] 

the system suddenly realized: [does the host go to help her? ] 

[mmm. ] 

today, tongxinyu didn't know why, and felt more and more flustered on the way home. 

She attributed it to her fighting with Shi Qing and her bravery, but she didn't win. 

Shiqing! 

What a nuisance! 

I hate him the most! 

They all said that they didn't like him, and they still beat him to death! 

The key is that he will not die and beat her! He beat her to death!! 

It's even more difficult for her to find a male god to say a word than to ascend to the sky. It's really vital. 

The child heart rain gas only buries the head to walk, according to the familiar route into a small alley, this lane is not long, can walk out in a little time, this is also her inevitable route home. 

As a result, she suddenly felt that something was wrong when she walked half way. As soon as she turned around, she quietly followed several boys who were also wearing high school uniform, but they were obviously not their school boys. 

The child heart rain is frightened, hastily speeds up the pace to move forward. 

As a result, she accelerated, and so did the boys. 

"Little sister, what are you doing so fast?" 

The boy laughs obstinately and runs directly to the front to hold the child's heart rain. 

The other several immediately followed and skillfully surrounded the child's heart rain. 

"My little sister is very beautiful." 

"Changyin high school? Key high schools 

"What are you shaking? My brothers can't talk with you." 

Tongxinyu is about to die. 

In a flash, countless social news flashed through her mind. 

The young girl died in a bad way, the girl high school students were robbed, the bodies in the alley and so on. 

With a scream, she crouched down and hugged herself. 

"Hiss -" 

when the girl's scream was really released, it was really ear shaking. The man nearest to Tong Xinyu immediately covered his ear. 

"What's your name? Don't pay for it!" 

Child heart rain a Leng. 

It's not a disgrace. 

She was not afraid, and stood up again, shivering: "I did not, did not bring money..." 

"No money? Aren't you all rich people in Changyin high school? What to put on, pay for it. " 

"I said, you don't see our brothers are kind-hearted and fool us." 

"I really, really didn't bring..." 

These boys hesitated to look at each other a few times: "do not search?" 

- bang! 

The first one slapped him directly: "you're stupid, she's female, we're male, how do you search?" 

"Search with your eyes closed. The little girl's film is smooth. You are afraid that we will take advantage of her." 

"Or I'll do it. I'll close my eyes and put on my gloves." 

"Are you stupid? Can you feel where the money is when you wear gloves?" 

"If you're not stupid and you're smart, then how do you search? At the beginning, I said that we should recruit a woman into our association. Look, you're stupid." 

Several people are struggling to be persistent. Tongxinyu watched them quarrel more and more fiercely. They even pushed and pushed each other. A man was pushed to her side and hit her. 

Child heart rain is another scream. 

This is when Shiqing came here. 

He didn't talk much nonsense. While several people were arguing, he raised his feet and went to the nearest one. 

"Oh, I'll go." 

The man fell down on his horse. When he looked back, he saw Shi Qing, and his face immediately became ugly: 

"Shi Qing! You've transferred to another school. What's the matter? We don't have a school with you. What do you care about us? "School bully lifted his chin and pointed to the rain of childlike innocence on the ground. "She is from our class." 

The man: -- 

He recalled the fear of being dominated by the school bully. 

"Well, since she's from your class, we'll put it on your face." 

Shi Qing threw his schoolbag directly: 

"don't fart, come and hit!" 

Several people: 

They don't want to fight. 

The first one: "in fact, it can be discussed..." 

Bang! 

Shi Qing stepped over and he fell down. 

Others:.... " 

"I'll clean you up or not..." 

Bang! 

Another one. 

"We didn't do anything to her, just bluffing Oh, I'll go. You hit me in the face 

"You're deceiving people too much!" 

Ten minutes later, Shi Qing picked up his schoolbag and patted the dust on it. 

One side of the child's heart rain has already looked stupefied. 

She carefully stood up and ran to the side of Shiqing: "Shiqing, you are so fierce!" 

The school bully put his schoolbag to the back and looked very proud: 

"nothing, they are too weak." 

"I used to think that they could talk well in the face of the same school. I didn't expect that they would be so stubborn that they had to fight with me." 

The child's heart rain is almost full of stars. Hearing this, the chicken pecked rice and nodded: 

"yes, yes! They are so bad 

A group of people who have been beaten black and blue: "and 

Who's going to fight you! 

But at the moment, the only witness, Tong Xinyu, has been completely black and white. 

At the moment, she has seen the light in her eyes. 

Shiqing is electricity! 

Shiqing is light! 

Shiqing is the only myth! 

Male god? 

It's a replacement!! 

School starts on Monday. 

With a red face and a delicate gift box, Tong Xin Yu came to the third row of tables. 

Zhuo Jun left the book well, and his neck was crossed by the school bully next to him. 

He has been familiar with such a sudden situation for a long time these days, and he has been able to put down his books skillfully and wait for the arrival of the child's heart rain. 

"Zhuo Jun is not free, he is giving me a lecture." 

Said, he naturally grabbed Zhuo Jun from the hand to his neck this side: "hands are not free, can not accept your gift." 

"I'm not looking for Zhuo Jun to leave." 

Shyly, she put the gift on the table: 

"Shiqing, this is for you! I baked my own cookies. They are delicious 

"For me?" 

Zhuo Junli's peaceful expression suddenly stops. He looks at the school bully who is quite surprised, and then looks at the shy child heart rain. 

The young man's eyes darkened. 

He grasped the Buddha card between his neck.





 Shi Qing is obviously very happy with Tong Xinyu. 

The school bully, who has always been a pair of "Laozi's most outstanding criticism", also raised his mouth slightly and gave Tong Xinyu a handsome smile. 

He took the small box with exquisite packaging, which seemed to be a surprise, and repeatedly asked: "you are not cheating me, are you? Is it really for me? Isn't it for you 

"Really, what am I lying to you for?" 

Tongxinyu's eyes are bright and his face still has embarrassed and shy smile. When his hands are empty, he stirs his hands nervously and plucks up his courage to say: 

"I roasted it last night and added milk. My uncle is a cattle keeper. This milk has absolutely no additives, and the milk flavor is very enough." 

When the clear mouth said: "man man husband, how can eat a milk taste biscuit." 

On the hand is very honest three or two to open the delicate packaging, revealing the inside of the biscuit box. 

Open it up, and there are rabbit shaped biscuits. You can smell milk fragrance without getting close to it. 

School bully picked up a small rabbit biscuit, the expression on his face more and more eager to try: "rabbit's?" 

"Yes." 

When Tong Xinyu saw that he seemed to like it, his face was flushed with excitement, and he did not forget to introduce: 

"this rabbit mold is my favorite. The biscuits made by him look very cute, just like a real rabbit." 

After the introduction, she twisted her eyes and asked in a low voice, "do you like it?" 

"Like it!" 

Shi Qing was very positive. 

Tongxinyu endured the scream impulse from the bottom of her heart, and she could not help stamping her feet with joy, but also tried to make a normal appearance on her face. 

"You, you like it! Class is coming. I'll go back first! " 

The girl who was full of enthusiasm for the new God held her heart, and returned to her seat with a happy face. 

Zhuo Junli always keeps the original posture, sitting on the seat, holding the Buddha card between his neck. 

His eyes were dark and long, and he didn't know what he was thinking. 

If before, the school bully will be able to find out his mistake at the first time, and then face "I am merciful" again. Don't try to coax him. 

But now, Shi Qing's attention is obviously attracted by the biscuit in his hand. 

He cherished holding a small biscuit, a reluctant to eat the appearance, put on the palm up and down to see, the more see more like. 

I like the appearance of a gift from tongxinyu. 

Zhuo Jun's curve from the chest is bigger, and the hand holding the Buddha card is more and more tight. 

School bully as if he did not find anything wrong with him, but also carefully stretched out his finger, gently and gently pointed a little rabbit's ear. 

He usually does everything is a pair of careless appearance, close a door to want to shake the sky ring, when such a gentle treatment of objects, Zhuo Jun from the eyes, eyes more and more dark. 

If Shiqing didn't have a different attitude towards him these days, the youth would not feel anything. 

But these days, the performance of Shiqing is clearly as he infers. 

"Zhuo Junli, look at this rabbit." 

Next to the school bully still did not find the wrong table, carelessly hook his neck, the small rabbit biscuit on the handle handed in the past. 

"Look, it's not cute." 

Zhuo Jun left his eyes and looked at the rabbit indifferently. 

It is small, so lying in the palm of Shiqing, looks like a hand can crush. 

But it is such a weak thing, but it is treated with the treasure of Shiqing. 

The words of the young people who have always been gentle to people are sharper than ever before: 

"too ugly." 

"No way." 

School bully is not affected at all, still like a go to poke rabbit ears. 

With a little praise in his mouth, he said: "I think it's very good-looking. I didn't expect that the child's heart rain is very strong. He can make biscuits, and it's still like this." 

Zhuo Jun from the chest undulation more severe, holding the Buddha card strength to the point of hand pain. 

At the ear of Shi Qing, there was a nervous report from the system: 

[rejection degree of Zhuo Junli: 88] 

[rejection degree of Zhuo Junli: 90] 

[rejection degree of Zhuo Junli: 99] 

[rejection degree of Zhuo Junli: 120] 

[ahhh, aha, AHA)!!! ] The system is going crazy. 

It broke down and said: "why, why, before the initial rejection degree is only 100!! ] 

Shiqing's tone is still light and fast, and it is completely unaffected: 

[because he is jealous. ] 

jealously, the rain distracts Shi Qing's attention. 

Jealously, Shi Qing likes this rabbit biscuit so much.More envious of the time Qing praise Tong Xinyu. 

It's clear these days. 

Zhuo Junli is very generous, even if he was bullied like that before, but within two weeks, he has been able to reduce the rejection to 85. 

But when Qing Dynasty to his various push forward, he can silently comply with. 

The reason why he is like this is because the whole school, in his eyes, Shi Qing is fierce and impatient towards others. 

Only facing Zhuo Jun left, seemingly fierce on the surface, has been helping him in his own way. 

Zhuo Junli is a scholar who likes to think. 

Shi Qing can't see what is hidden behind these things, but he doesn't hate it or run away from it. Instead, he enjoys it in silence. 

The premise of enjoyment is that Shi Qing only treats him like this. 

His growth experience makes him cherish the warmth, but there must be a prerequisite that the warmth must only belong to him. 

The system is in a panic to burst, and Shiqing still looks as if he is not in a hurry. 

He hung Zhuo Jun away from the neck, as if he did not notice his stiff body, and handed the rabbit to the youth. 

"Don't you think this rabbit looks like you?" 

Zhuo Jun left a tiny meal. 

He looked at the school bully with a smile and a proud look. He poked the rabbit's small ear: 

"just like you, it's small and weak." 

Shi Qing clearly felt that the youth's body was gradually softened. 

The slender and beautiful neck also took the initiative to lean against him a little. Zhuo Jun left his mouth and was as warm as ever: 

"does it look like me?" 

No matter the expression or the voice, the youth showed 100% harmless, with a little clear light brown eyes slightly raised, so he was hugged by Shiqing and looked at him from the side. 

"Am I a rabbit in my eyes?" 

School bully ha ha ha ha's smile, even with a smile in the eyes. 

He is proud and wild, the expression on his face is obviously that Zhuo Jun will leave, dissatisfied with the description of a rabbit. 

"Isn't it? Just like you, you are timid, and you dare not move when you are scared. " 

This adjective is humiliating to a high school boy who is in his prime of self-esteem. 

Zhuo Jun left his face, but his expression did not change. He asked softly, "do you like me like this?" 

"Of course I am..." 

The school bully was so smooth that he almost didn't snore. Fortunately, he braked in time and had a dry cough: 

"of course, I don't like a big man. I don't like such a person most 

Finish saying, may feel oneself too much, when Qing facial expression pauses, eyeground showed a little regret, once carefully looked at Zhuo Jun to leave. 

"Cough!" 

He coughed and said solemnly: "in fact, it's OK. As long as you're at ease, don't always think about this puppy love and that puppy love. I can still cover you with me." 

Zhuo Jun from slightly squint, but did not show the real idea, just hang his head, as if some lost appearance. 

The school bully next to him was a little anxious, and he put his arm around his neck to comfort him. "OK, OK, actually I like rabbits. How nice rabbits are. Although they are weak, they are small. After being bullied, I can still find the field, right?" 

Zhuo Jun from this just raised his head, toward him exposed a run run run smile. 

Time Qing is still patting the chest to guarantee: "so, you are covered by me. If someone bullies you in the future, you come to me and I will avenge you!" 

The young man's smile deepened and nodded to the school bully. His clear eyes were full of harmlessness. 

"Good." 

Ding! Zhuo Junli rejection: 100] 

[Ding! Zhuo Junli rejection: 80] 

[Ding! Zhuo Junli rejection: 68] 

the system is going crazy again. 

I don't care about it. 

School bully is busy sharing cookies with Zhuo Junli. 

Perhaps because of what he said before, the young man asked Shiqing to have a bite of biscuit. 

Although he said he wanted to eat, his eyes were full of unhappiness when he looked at the rabbit biscuits in the small box on the table. 

Even though Shiqing likes rabbits. 

I can only like a rabbit. 

School bully did not find this, very generous gave him one. 

Chucha - 

Zhuo Junli bit off the rabbit's head. 

Chucha - 

Zhuo Junli bit off half of the rabbit's body. 

Click - 

he ate the whole rabbit biscuit into his mouth, slightly drooped his eyes and chewed it expressionless. 

Every time you chew, you put extra force on your teeth. 

"Is it delicious?"Shiqing is also eating. 

It has to be said that the boy's heart Hugo is really clever. The small biscuits made by him are delicious and glutinous, and they are full of milk flavor in his mouth. 

He likes it very much. After eating one, he reaches for it again. 

Then, his hand met Zhuo Jun left the hand. 

The young man timidly raised his eyes, a beautiful face full of innocence, beautiful slender fingers are very tough to grab in front of the clear cover the box of biscuits. 

He asked in a low voice, as if he was worried about Shiqing: "I like eating very much. Can you give me some?" 

School bully some doubt slightly wrung eyebrow: "I remember you don't like milk?" 

Their school was famous for being generous. Before noon, they had given free milk. Zhuo Jun was not in a good position to leave home. This box of milk was also a surprise to him. 

But young people seem not to like drinking very much. Every time they drink, they frown and force themselves to drink. 

Zhuo Jun left but did not expect that when Qing will know his preferences, he was in a slightly better mood. 

But still firmly said: "maybe the milk in this biscuit is good, I like it very much." 

"Well, I'll give you some." 

The school bully is always generous to Zhuo Jun. he says how to be so troublesome on his mouth, but he gives up half of it. 

Zhuo Jun left but not satisfied with this half. 

To be exact, he can't bear to eat half of the biscuits sent by tongxinyu. 

The young man spoke softly and pitifully: 

"can I eat yours again after eating these?" 

When Qing generous wave: "can, eat casually." 

Lu Tao paid close attention to this side from a long distance. When he saw the biscuits, he ran over and said, "brother Shi, give me some. I haven't had enough in the morning." 

"Go away and go away, you Erlang God, your eyes are so fine, don't you see that I don't have much?" 

The school bully waved impatiently, holding the remaining half a box of biscuits, protecting food. 

Obviously, he liked the taste and the shape of the rabbit. 

Lu Tao's mouth is shriveled and he is extremely aggrieved. 

"You all give Zhuo Jun to leave, give me a few, smell good." 

"Can Zhuo Junli be the same as you?" 

As soon as he said this, the school bully felt that he was wrong. He quickly covered up the same thing and added: "Zhuo Jun can't afford to buy Biscuits. Don't you have money to buy biscuits?" 

When he finished, he realized that he was just poking Zhuo Jun away from the pain, and his face became more and more uncomfortable. 

You want to apologize. He always knows when to be humble to others. 

After a few seconds of embarrassment, he finally slapped him on the shoulder: "that's what, I don't mean that." 

"I know." 

Zhuo Jun left but not angry at all, even showed a smile on his face, facing when Qing smile of special good temper. 

After laughing, he turned to look at Lu Tao. 

"If Lu Tao wants to eat, I'll give you some." 

Without waiting for Lu Tao to react, he gave out more than half of his biscuits. 

Lu Tao holding the biscuit was not moved: "lying trough, you are so good to me, then these give me, do you have enough to eat?" 

"It doesn't matter." Zhuo Jun left or a good temper bullying appearance: "I eat when Qing good." 

Lu Tao walks away with a biscuit in his hand. 

Seeing the class is coming soon, school bully recently, in order to get away from Zhuo Jun with tongxinyu, he also pretended to ask questions with questions, which can be regarded as cultivating a little learning cells. 

Now look at the timetable, take the book, look for the papers. 

When he finished, he put his hand in the biscuit box, but felt empty. 

School bully: "huh?" 

He lowered his head and pulled the cookie box out of the hole in the table. 

Sure enough, it was empty, with only a few crumbs left. 

Look at the next Zhuo Jun Li, is slowly wiping the corners of his mouth with paper. 

"Did you eat it all?" 

Shi Qing's tone was a little surprised: "so many?" 

"Well." 

Zhuo Jun left his mind when the clear holding of the biscuit little rabbit can not put down the appearance, talking with a trace of gnashing teeth: "I like to eat this." 

"Then I'll find tongxinyu and ask her to bring some more." 

"No more." 

The young man was stiff, trying to keep his face natural: "the task of learning is big, but I have to let her spare time to make biscuits. How sorry." 

"Hey, what's the matter? Don't they all like little skirts? I can trade her a little skirt 

"You like this. I'll change a box for you every day." 

With that, he added, "who wants you to follow me?"Zhuo Junli: 

He felt the smell of milk between his breath. 

The youth still wanted to persuade him again, but Shi Qing showed a look of "you don't have to be sorry. The money is only a drop in the ocean for me". After the first class, he talked to Tong Xinyu. 

Child heart rain in the see when the Qing Dynasty to their own time, on the excitement can not. 

When hearing, Qing asked if she could bake biscuits for them to eat, and nodded wildly. 

"No problem, no problem. You love it. I roast it for you every day." 

When Shiqing left, her deskmate asked her in a low voice: "didn't you tell me that your male god is Shiqing? Zhuo Junli, you are not angry after eating biscuits. " 

"Why am I angry?" 

Tongxinyu is still a red face excited. He lies on the table with his desk mate and whispers: "even if my first God is Shiqing, Zhuo Junli is still my second male god. However, I am a single-minded man. Even if I like them both in my heart, I will only be good to my first God." 

However, if the first God and the second god please her together, then of course no problem. 

Immersed in the longing for male gods, the girl is still very happy: "before Shiqing liked me, now I am good to him, he will tell me, ah, I still have a little guilt in my heart, because although I like Shiqing best now, Zhuo Jun is also happy to leave me. If I choose between them, I really don't know how to choose." 

Ah ah ah, it can bring her a sense of security and protect her Shiqing. 

Or gentle temperament, can let people have a kind of spring breeze drizzle, feel Zhuo Jun leave it. 

It's not a good choice. 

She that even a love did not talk about the same table was shocked: "Xinyu, you Huaxin ah." 

Tongxinyu was even more embarrassed. She covered her face with one hand and pushed her with one hand: "no, I'm just a little bit more male gods." 

"Anyway, it doesn't take much time to bake cookies. I'll send biscuits every day, cast wide nets and catch more fish. I'll see who will tell me the truth first." 

Deskmate: "why don't you say it yourself?" 

"Well, I'm shy, and I have to be more reserved. I tell you, when I went to deliver biscuits, Zhuo Junli's face was not very good-looking. He might be jealous. He said, he must like me." 

Tongxinyu is proud and shy, and has a little expectation: "tell me about my childlike rain. How can he de? The two male gods like me. How can I be so excellent?" 

Here, Zhuo Junli couldn't hear what the two girls said, but he sat in front of him and looked back. He could see how Tong Xinyu was smiling shyly at Shiqing and how he was chatting with his friends after Shi Qing left. He didn't know what he was talking about. 

Zhuo Junli slightly closed his eyes, and his words and deeds flashed in his mind one by one. In addition, the expression on her face and the small movements on her hands when she came to deliver biscuits, as well as the degree of friendship between her and her deskmate. 

She now has 80% chance of clearing up when discussing with her deskmate. 

Sixty percent of the discussion is about love. 

He can eat all the biscuits given by Tong Xinyu to Shiqing, but he can't stop two people from communicating with each other. 

He can take the biscuits, but he can't change Shiqing's love for rabbit biscuits. 

The young man opened his eyes and quickly solved the math problems in his hands, but his heart was full of anger that could not be explained. 

"Oh 

When Shi Qing stretched out his neck and saw his hands as fast as the wind, he said, "are you practicing kung fu? It's almost a shadow. " 

- PA. 

Zhuo Jun left the pen in his hand, turned his head and looked at Shi Qing. He asked seriously, "why did the child's heart rain change so fast?" 

The school bully's face was originally free in the look of vigilance immediately: "what do you ask this for?" 

"I warn you, if you dare to have any thoughts on the child's heart rain again, you won't think about sleeping in the future night. I can't kill you." 

His appearance of protecting food made Zhuo Jun warm from his face. 

"I'm really not interested in the rain, just curious." 

"All right." 

He repeatedly confirmed that his eyes did not seem to show his love for tongxinyu. Shiqing leaned back on the chair, with his arms around him, looking like "Lao Tzu is a cow", and said what happened yesterday. 

After that, he said: 

"those punks, who had watched too much TV in my school before, set up a meeting of what and what. They stayed on the road for a few days every holiday, and robbed them when they saw some students passing by." 

The school bully said that he didn't like this kind of behavior. He snorted coldly and was full of scorn: 

"one of the younger brothers I was covering was robbed by them, so I took someone to clean them up. After that, they were honest. Tut, as a result, they started again. Thanks to these people, although they are rubbish, they know that bullying is weak and there is still a bottom line, If you don't bully girls, you'll never bully girls. Otherwise, if it wasn't for Laozi, I would arrive in time, hum. "He was very proud: 

"before, tongxinyu saw that my nose is not my nose, and my eyes are not my eyes. Look, today, my attitude towards me is good, and I also send biscuits. Is this a biscuit? This is a medal! It's a banner 

"The little girl, Tong Xinyu, was fierce to me before. She was scared to cry at those guys. She didn't want me to protect her." 

"But this guy used to look very annoying. Now he looks at it. He is very cute." 

Zhuo Jun left silent looking at a face proud of when Qing. 

Before that, he could make sure that Shiqing was only irritable in the face of childlike rain and wanted to snatch him from his sight. 

But now, Shiqing actually began to feel that childlike rain is cute. 

He carefully observed Shi Qing's facial expressions, body movements, and then combined them to analyze them. Finally, he concluded that 

Shi Qing likes to protect the weak. 

That may be why he likes rabbits. 

Br > "when I meet the young people in the afternoon, will they always think of me as having a little bit of money?" 

The school bully's waist is really straight: 

"it's OK. If you meet them, report my name." 

Zhuo Junli blinked his eyes gently and slowly, like a rabbit with no self-protection ability: 

"what if they don't care? That money is my salary for a month. " 

School bully snorted coldly, or very proud of the appearance: "they dare not listen, don't worry, if this group of people really don't listen, you come to me, see I don't beat them all over the face." 

Zhuo Jun left a voice, it seems to be very convincing when Qing. 

When school was over, the youth went out. 

When he got his salary, he went back to the alley that Shi Qing said. As a result, he waited there for a long time and no one came. 

Zhuo Jun Li and around for a while, just in another street that see still wearing school uniform, is happy to eat kebabs of a party. 

He looked for a while to make sure whether these people would leave for a while. He found a shop and borrowed the phone with money. 

That's a quick pick-up. 

Then he heard Zhuo Jun leave the rabbit's weak voice: "Shiqing, when I came back, I saw those people you said, I was a little afraid, could you come and pick me up?" 

[tut ] 

I was eating a lollipop in my mouth. When I was eating, I couldn't help but make a long sound of pushing people to bed. 

Shi Qing: [I really like him who is so weak. He is very similar to me. He is so cute. ] 

System: [ha? ] 

Shi Qing: [even if he pretends, he will always pretend to let me always keep my eyes on him. ] He will not refuse me. ] 

System: [???)??? ] 

What's all this about? 

System: [what host, are we going? ] 

Shi Qing got up directly: [go, of course! ] 

after getting the accurate reply from the school bully that he would come soon, Zhuo Jun looked down at his watch. 

The school is about 10 minutes away from this location, and people in Shiqing should be in the dormitory, including five minutes and fifteen minutes from the dormitory to the school gate. 

He counted the time, and with about three minutes to go, he put his schoolbag on his back and walked towards the barbecue stand. 

These people are eating barbecue, see Zhuo Jun left, a younger brother poked the head: "brother, you see, students ah." 

"Just in time, let him invite this barbecue. If there is any money left, let's go to the video game city in the evening." 

As soon as he got up, the first one pulled him down and slapped his head. 

"You're stupid. Don't you see he's wearing a long sounding uniform! Call in the plague God of Shiqing and get another beating? " 

My little brother suddenly realized, "yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes 

So, Zhuo Jun left to go this way, eating barbecue with a group of people just like blind can't see him. 

Zhuo Jun centrifugal bottom a total of seven programs, but not panic. 

In the process of waiting just now, he has seen it. 

There are no cameras around. 

The young man stopped there, confirming that only these thugs paid attention to themselves, took down their bags and searched for something. 

A few red notes floated down on the ground with his search, but the owner of the red notes took the bag back and went on. 

Several people at the barbecue stand looked at the red bills on the ground 

One of the younger brothers: "brother, do you want to call him?" 

- bang! 

He was slapped again. 

"You don't have a brain! The money delivered to the door will be pushed out! " 

The first one ran to pick up the money and counted it. It was just 500.He was happy, "what luck is this NIMA? Hey! We don't have to work hard, the money will come to the door by ourselves. " 

"Brother, brother! Brother 

My little brother pulled him hard. 

"What are you doing?" 

Little brother: "I'm sorry Look ahead. Is that Shiqing? " 

The first one squinted and saw that it was Shi Qing. 

At the moment, the school bully, who was still wearing a long tone school uniform, was angry on his face. The students who had just passed by were saying something to him, saying, and turning to point to them. 

He said: 

Why is there a bad feeling in my heart. 

It didn't work out very quickly. 

In a few people's apprehension, when the Qing is threatening to take Zhuo Jun away. 

The young man held Shi Qing's arm in his hand, and his voice was timid and needed special protection: 

"I passed here just now, and they robbed me." 

How many people: 

"I said I was covered by you, they still forced me to pay..." 

How many people are there 

"They took all my 500 yuan part-time job last month." 

A few people: "....." 

They were surprised. 

"No! It's not what he said, brother Shi. Listen to us. We didn't... " 

School bully fierce, a face of fierce: "what do you have in your hand?" 

The chief gangster looked down at the 500 yuan he had in his hand Five hundred dollars. " 

Shi Qing: "is this money yours?" 

"No..." 

"But what I can explain, really, is that he just walked out of here, and then we..." 

Shi Qing: "stop talking nonsense, come and fight!" 

Ten minutes later, Zhuo Jun looked at a dozen or so and crushed each other. He was majestic and his light brown eyes were slightly bright. 

Ding! Zhuo Junli rejection: 59] 

15 minutes later. 

When Qing walked out of the battlefield, took Zhuo Jun from the school uniform coat handed over, while wearing it on his body, while Zhuo Jun left his arm around his shoulder to his side. 

With the youth swaggering from the wall, sitting on the ground between a few people: 

"a group of waste, my people dare to bully, next time don't let me encounter, or see a hit once." 

The thugs who were wounded again:.... " 

"I want to tell your school that you are fishing Hold on, hold on to Ooh 

There was a terrible howl. 

Zhuo Jun left innocently and took his foot on his leg: "I'm sorry." 

Gangster:.... " 

"I'm sorry, a group of students who don't learn well rob students all day long. They can rob them of their living expenses for a week. You can't let go of your part-time job, scum, scum!" 

Gangsters:.... " 

Seeing this, Qing took Zhuo Jun's shoulder and swearing away. A few people full of grievances burst out into a roar: 

"who has robbed him? You shameless deliberately ask us for trouble!" 

"You are fishing law enforcement." 

"





 On the way back together, they also met several students who came out to eat. When they met Shi Qing, they said hello when they saw him. 

When Qing can clearly feel that Zhuo Jun is closer to him consciously. 

Although originally he is to hook youth's shoulder. 

He felt like he was about to be sprouted. 

[Tong, do you think he looks like a little dog protecting food. ] 

the system looks left and right, looks up and down, and really feels a bit similar. 

It doesn't understand: the repulsion hasn't dropped to 50. ] 

Shi Qing: [personality characteristics, characteristics. ] 

the school bully's attitude towards the youth around him seems to be a little happy. However, he would not be happy for such a trivial matter, so he could only be happy while hiding why he was happy. 

When the Qing Dynasty to Zhuo Jun from blowing: "see? I'm so good. A dozen of them are definitely not a problem. Today, let alone just a few people, even if there are dozens of people, I don't have to be afraid. " 

Youth or that pair of relatively win weak appearance, nodded: "you are fierce." 

I was flattered. 

The smile on Shi Qing's face is bigger. 

So he took Zhuo Jun from the shoulder, all the way back to school. 

The young man was also a little worried and asked him, "what if those people really come to the school to complain?" 

"Cut! I'm afraid of them 

School bully is very dismissive: "they come once, I'll play once." 

Zhuo Jun from is to understand when Qing in the school bad reputation is how to come. 

In addition to their class, the students of other grades all know that there is a time Qing in senior two, there is a figure at home, and people are very arrogant. They always fight and make trouble and make a lot of trouble. 

Even the teachers didn't like Shi Qing very much. They thought that he didn't do well in his grades. He was a rich second generation and became a demon everywhere. 

In addition to their own old class, other teachers definitely frown when they see Shiqing. 

Before Zhuo Jun left, he also thought that Shiqing was a typical scum rich second generation, but now think about it. 

Although Shi Qing's school bully has a reputation all over the campus, he himself has not been very good at school. 

Even if Tong Xinyu and Zhuo Jun left the confession before, he began to target him, but it was all a little fuss, what to say cruel words, to block people to say cruel words after school, and to say cruel words in the bedroom. 

In winter, he splashed cold water on Zhuo Junli's quilt, then pulled him to sleep with him. Zhuo Jun was shut in the toilet, and he was released in less than 20 minutes. 

Zhuo Junli directly forgets how he looked at Shi Qing coldly in the bottom of his heart and classified him as scum. 

At the moment, in his heart, Shi Qing is an awkward school bully who dislikes his integrity. 

He is very concerned about Zhuo Junli. 

Although, there are some wonderful ways to care. 

Zhuo Junli grew up well. Although his family background was miserable, he was taken care of by others from childhood to adulthood because of his beautiful face. 

Neighbors, teachers, classmates. 

In this beauty world, almost everyone is not stingy to give Zhuo Jun warmth. 

But he didn't like the warmth. 

Even if they disguise well and disguise like again, Zhuo Junli can also feel that these people do it out of sympathy for him. 

He rejected the sympathy of others. 

He hated such a weak self. 

He was even more disgusted that in order to survive, he had to show the pain and weakness together. 

For the pursuit of the rain of innocence, Zhuo Junli is also exclusive. 

He is totally different from the child's heart rain. 

He grew up in the swamp and struggled to escape every day. 

Tongxinyu was spoiled and grown up at home. Her way of liking people is to keep saying "like" to Zhuo Junli, thinking that she can let Zhuo Junli agree. 

Funny innocence. 

"Like" itself is the dopamine secreted by the human thalamus, and "like" comes from the view of the other person. 

Appearance, figure, speech, behavior. 

Zhuo Junli once thought about what he would do if he liked a person. 

If it's someone he likes, he's going to have to circle them firmly. 

This person can only like him, can only see him. 

He'll give everything he wants. 

But the people he likes can only love him forever. 

Zhuo Junli originally thought that he would not endocrine dopamine in the thalamus in this life. 

Until he realized the secret love of Shiqing. 

Yes, secret love. 

In an awkward way, Shiqing will pour cold water on Zhuo Jun's summer quilt, forcing him to sleep with himself in a warmer quilt. 

Will also pretend to like a childlike rain, bully him, do not allow him and childlike rain have any contact. 

And this Buddha card. 

The Buddha card full of blessing was given to him by Shi Qing.Walking with school bully on the way back to school, Zhuo Jun left his hand still under his neck, holding the Buddha card with temperature because of its long-term skin contact. 

From small to large, many people like him. 

There were many people who confessed to him and gave him gifts. 

But for the first time, he had a totally different feeling in his heart. 

Shi Qing's love has no sympathy, only tyranny and tyranny. 

Zhuo Junli likes this kind of love. 

He likes the kind of love that seems to be protected by a ball python and refuses to let him touch other people. 

Maybe it's because the way he likes people is the same. 

Next to Shi Qing, he was still muttering: 

"if you want me to say, don't always go to that kind of place to work part-time. There are all kinds of people in a mess. You are timid and weak, and you still grow up like this. In case there is any plot against you and takes your money away, what will you do?" 

As for Shi Qing, whether he was worried about Zhuo Junli's being robbed of money, or whether he was robbed of lust, this is the proof of freedom. 

School bully likes to protect people, and Zhuo Junli doesn't mind satisfying him. 

He still looked down, as if he was helpless: 

"I am a student, I am not old enough, and I don't have enough time. Only this kind of place is willing to let me work." 

"Cough." 

When Qing embarrassed dry cough: "in fact, the scholarship should be given to you, but at that time, there was an accident." 

The young man raised his eyes, a pair of clear eyes looked at him quietly. 

The look on the school bully's face became more and more embarrassed. Finally, he waved his hand uneasily: 

"all right, to tell you the truth, it's me that I don't like you. You're good with tongxinyu, so my mother didn't choose you." 

"This scholarship is sponsored by my mother. Every quarter, the list and grades of students with excellent character and learning, as well as teachers' comments, will be sent to her. I deliberately let her not choose you." 

Zhuo Jun guessed it before he left. 

Only now did he know that Shi Qing, who looked very careless, looked like a child. He was not happy to do this kind of small action. 

His gentle smile: "it doesn't matter. Anyway, the scholarship was originally sponsored by your family." 

Time clear from him more and more close. 

"Don't worry, I'm not that mean. I'll make it up to you." 

Because of the close, Zhuo Jun from can clearly see when the Qing lean on the good-looking face. 

At the moment, the school bully's long and narrow eyes are smiling and bending up, which is particularly charming. 

Zhuo Jun left his eyes in a trance for a moment. 

As if be enchanted to the general, also slowly, slowly rely on the past. 

- "Shige!" 

A cry of surprise broke the charming atmosphere. 

The school bully who was originally smiling at Zhuo Jun left suddenly straightened up, and the tip of his ear was red. The hand that had been put on Zhuo Jun's shoulder was taken down quickly and uneasily. 

Lu Tao, who saw them running over from afar, didn't find out what they would do immediately before. His voice was full of joy: 

"brother Shi, we have half an hour to study in the evening. Let's go out and play games." 

Zhuo Junli: 

He raised his eyes slightly and looked at Lu Tao. His eyes were full of depression. 

The school bully might be bothered to get out of the stage, and immediately replied: 

"OK!" 

"That what." He stretched out his hand to see the action should be to pat Zhuo Jun from the shoulder, but all fell above, and uncomfortable put down. 

"Zhuo Junli, you go back to school alone. I will play games with Lu Tao." 

Seeing Shi Qingyi's promise, Zhuo Jun moved away from his eyes and looked at him with a gentle tone: 

"then you go, I'll go to find Tong Xinyu and ask her how to make cookies." 

School bully:!! " 

"To what! I won't go! " 

Lu Tao's face full of question marks: "but brother Shi, we haven't played together for a long time..." 

"Fart game, you know the game all day long. No wonder your grades are so poor. How can you get into college in the future?" 

Lu Tao was scolded all over his face: "but I did not intend to go to university." 

"Besides, don't you, Shige? Before or you said notebook computer play this is not fun, take us to the Internet bar 

When the school bully was exposed, his voice became more and more bad: "OK, you can listen to what I say, OK. Now I say, no one is allowed to go out to play games. All of you can learn with me." 

Lu Tao: Learning 

"Yes, study!" 

Shi Qingyue said that he was more reasonable and upright, and turned to Zhuo Junli: 

"wasn't it about compensation before? Well, I'll compensate you for a part-time job. My younger brother's grades are not so good. If you help them with their tutoring, I'll give you tutoring fees. "Lu Tao on the other side said: 

"Wait, brother Shi, I don't want to tutor..." 

Zhuo Jun left not to see Lu Tao at all. He didn't say yes, he didn't say no, and he didn't ask how much money he had. He just looked at Shi Qing and asked in a soft voice: "are you coming?" 

"Me?" When Qing is very disdainful smile: "even if I don't go to university, I can still be proud of the river and lake." 

Youth as if some lost hang his head: "but you do not go to university, after graduation, we can no longer do the same table." 

Lu Tao: "yes, brother Shi, you don't go to cram school by yourself. What do you want us to do? You don't know me. I've long thought of going to work happily after graduating from high school." 

Shi Qing seemed not to hear what Lu Tao said at all. He seemed to find that "not going to university" was "I can't leave Zhuo Jun after graduation". 

Suddenly he changed his mind. 

"Well, I'll make up for it, and you'll make it up to the university you want to go to!" 

Zhuo Jun looked at him more and more gently. 

Good tempered Xueba showed a smile and nodded: "good." 

Lu Tao, on one side of the road: Can't you see me? " 

"Brother Shi, I don't want to make up for the class." 

When Qing turned around, he came to a brain collapse, lowered his voice, eyes fierce: "don't want to make up, you have to give me to make up!" 

Lu Tao covered his head: "but it doesn't make sense. When you want to go to university, you can go by yourself. What do you want to do with me?" 

School bully turned to Zhuo Jun and said, "wait for me, I'll do my homework for this boy." 

After watching the handsome youth nod, he dragged Lu Tao forward for a few steps. He was sure that Zhuo Jun could not hear him. He said: 

"are you stupid? You are paid according to the number of people who make up lessons. If I go alone, how much money can Zhuo Jun leave then?" 

Lu Tao's face was bitter, and he couldn't understand the logic: 

"Shi Ge You..." 

He got another blow in the head. 

When Qing eyes fierce looking at him: "you give me a little voice!" 

So, poor Lu Tao could only lower his voice and said wrongly: "brother Shi, you are so rich, you can directly give him money, or you can go to make-up lessons by yourself, and then pay more money. Why do you want to pull me on as a cushion? You don't know me. I would like to sleep directly in normal class, let alone make up lessons." 

School bully is not moved: "anyway I bear hardships, you can't pull down, if you dare not come, I'll kill you." 

Lu Tao: 

He felt he could save himself. 

"Why don't you do that, brother Shi? You see, there are a lot of people playing with you. There are about ten people in the class alone, and there are 15 people in other classes. Can you choose one of them to replace me?" 

"Well You're right. " 

When Qing's face showed a thoughtful look. 

Lu Tao rubbed his eyes and said, "right, right? I have a good idea." 

As for the bad guy who took his place, he could only say that he was sorry, and then he would say, "dead teammate immortal channel.". 

"Yes, it is." 

When Qing touched his chin and nodded: "fifteen people, including you, is sixteen, and then counting me, that is seventeen, which is enough Zhuo Jun to earn." 

Lu Tao: 

He began to have a bad feeling in his heart. 

The poor little brother asked carefully: 

"brother Shi, do you mean 

Shi Qing was very proud with a smile, and with encouragement, he stretched out his right hand and patted Lu Tao on the shoulder: 

"you boy, you have a bright future. This is a good idea. If all of us come to let Zhuo Jun leave the make-up class, wouldn't we give him a lot of money?" 

"Very good, very good, OK, you go to inform them, those who follow me, every day's lunch break, and the period from dinner to self-study in the evening, all come to make up lessons. Don't worry, I won't let you pay. I'll do it alone. See how I treat you?" 

"You have to have a blackboard for make-up lessons. Don't you often go home and live? You're going to steal a little blackboard for me tonight 

School bully finished, but also very narcissistic boast: "I can really be a good big brother." 

Lu Tao: 

Lu Tao: 

His mind was full of memories of the little boys who followed. 

Some of them are good at fighting, some are good at fighting against their parents, some are good at fighting with teachers, others are good at fighting wits with teachers, and some are good at playing chess with teachers. 

However, there is no love of learning. 

He's really going to cry. 

Why do you have to learn from a boss these days. 

Why!! 

Zhuo Junli couldn't hear what they said, but he could see that Shi Qing was very close to Lu Tao, with a satisfied smile on his face.He even reached out his right hand and patted Lu Tao on the shoulder. 

Young eye son dark dark, silent looking at when Qing finished speaking, toward this side came. 

School bully's face with a relaxed smile: "said well, I almost have 17 people to class, not too much trouble for you." 

Zhuo Jun left shook his head: "can't." 

He naturally pulled up Shiqing's right hand, took out a paper towel and gently wiped his hands: 

"it's a little dirty, I'll help you wipe it." 

With that, Zhuo Jun glanced at Lu Tao: 

"he doesn't seem to like being clean, so don't always touch him with your hands." 

The school bully didn't doubt it as expected. He turned to Lu Tao, who was dragging "I'm so sad, I'm going to die." he yelled at Lu Tao: 

"can you please be clean and pat you and make my hands dirty." 

Looking blankly at Lu Tao's clean school uniform Sobbing. 

As a result, the matter of make-up class was settled. 

The next day after lunch, Shiqing announced that all the boys who followed him would bring books to make up lessons. 

They have a group, although only a small number of people can hide their mobile phones under the teacher's sharp eyes. 

It's not difficult to hide your mobile phone. The difficult thing is that you can resist not taking it to class when you have a mobile phone. 

's children as like as two peas in the group, they heard the boss responded to the class. 

Little brother 1: [ ] 

younger brother 2: [ ] 

little brother 3: [ ] 

younger brother 1: [ ] 

younger brother 1: [Ma Qin's mobile phone has been confiscated. This ellipsis was sent by him with my mobile phone. ] 

Laozi's first boss in the world: [don't beep, come and gather for me after lunch. If anyone doesn't arrive, I'll give him a boxing lesson. ] 

all of a sudden, the crowd howled. 

At the moment, a witty little brother asked a question: 

[brother Shi, there are so many of us at noon, and there is no room for us. Otherwise, I will not go, and there should be less burden if there is one less person. ] 

[yes, yes, I won't go either. This classroom is full of people at noon, no matter which classroom you go to. ] 

[yes, yes, I won't go either. You can take them to make up lessons. Don't think about me. I can sacrifice myself. ] 

[and I don't have much time at noon. I eat very slowly, and I have to eat for more than an hour. ] 

when you smile. 

Laozi's first boss in the world: [OK, come to the rooftop after school, and you don't have to eat. I'll send someone to buy you some food and send it up. ] 

[pack all the books of each subject in my schoolbag. I have to bring both paper and pen. Today is the bottom line. If anyone dares to test for duck eggs, I'll make your head into a duck's head. ] 

[it's settled. Let's inform each other. If anyone dares not to come, I'll carry him to the rooftop in person. How I can fight you know, by then, this place will not be used for learning. ] 

a group of younger brothers: [ ] 

the rooftop is not a place for learning, is it good or not!!! 

As we all know, the rooftop has always been the place where they all agreed to fight! 

I didn't expect that. 

Changyin high school this session of school bully, on the roof is actually not for the sake of dating, is for learning?! 

People do things! 

However, even though they were not willing to cry, under the absolute old (Wu) big (LI) Wei (Xie) Yan (PO), at noon school time, a group of people were still dejected to gather at the gate of Shiqing class. 

As a result, such a scene appeared in the second grade teaching building of Changyin high school. 

Outside a classroom, there were more than a dozen students standing there. 

These students are very distinctive. 

The school uniform is not well worn. It's half waist. 

His hair was colorful and he had a stick in his mouth. 

Those with tattoos on their necks are frightening. 

The most important thing is that they all have a kind of depressing momentum of the coming rain and the wind all over the building. 

It's scary to watch. 

The students in Shiqing's class did not have time to go downstairs to eat. Now they dare not go to eat. One by one, they carefully look at the bad students blocking the door, and no one dares to get up. 

However, Shi Qing, the initiator, slowly tidied up his schoolbag and waited for it to be ready. He hung Zhuo Jun's neck: 

"OK, everyone is here. Go." 

In the eyes of the students who stay in the class. 

Zhuo Jun left the poor Xueba who was bullied by the school bully and kept silent and was dragged out of the classroom. 

He even has a book in his hand! 

It's insane! 

Before the Qing Dynasty, bullying was his own, with two or three four or five younger brothers at most.This time, it was so excessive that we brought more than a dozen people to the siege? 

As soon as this group of people left, the students who had not dared to make a sound came out of the classroom one after another and looked at the bottom of the building by pulling the railing. 

After a while, the group of talents came down the stairs to the playground. 

Looking around, nearly 20 people gathered together and walked forward, each carrying a bag, looking at the heavy, do not know whether it is a tool of evil. 

In this group of bad students with colorful hair, tattoos and tall and fierce temperament, Zhuo Junli, who is white, clean and gentle, is very conspicuous in his school uniform and books in his hands. 

If you describe it, it is probably a group of big gray wolves and a little white rabbit walking together. 

Seeing them go to the opposite building where students often go to the rooftop, the students who see this scene are all cold. 

This is to eat rabbit meat! 

Immediately, the students with a sense of justice in the class rushed down the building like flying 

Tell the teacher! 

When he came to the collective office, there was a group of people making a lot of noise. Several men and women of the parents were quarreling. 

Besides, there are several boys in other high school uniforms, all of them are blue and blue, and they are also noisy: 

"look at my hands, my legs and my buttocks. I can't sleep at night because of the pain." 

"Yes! We didn't recruit him at all! Inexplicably, he just casually found an excuse to hit us! " 

Parents love their children, and the momentum is more and more pressing: 

"you see!! have a look!! The kids are beaten like this! Ah! You can't just ignore my kids because they're not from your high school! " 

"You have to be expelled! He's a student. He's a student. He doesn't learn to fight everywhere. What kind of student is that! If you don't fire him, I'll go to the Education Bureau to sue you! " 

"Calm down for a while, and we can't help but calm down 

"What a fart! Look at the way my children are beaten up! " 

Looking at the chaotic scene, the students summoned up their courage and went to the old class where they were talking to each other's parents: 

"teacher..." 

The old class took time to look back: "wait a minute, what's the matter to say later." 

The student is also a clever, patient wait for five minutes, see they are still in a group, afraid that Zhuo Junli, who is good-natured and gives back homework copy, will be beaten and disabled. He carefully pokes the old class. 

"Teacher, Shi Qing took a dozen people to take Zhuo Junli to the opposite rooftop..." 

"What?!!" 

The busy old class's voice soared eight times. 

The parents who quarreled with them were stunned and then happy: "Shiqing!! It's time to clear!! My son said that's when Qing beat them! " 

"He took more than a dozen people to beat people. What else do you have to say? Even if it's cover up, you have to be reasonable!" 

Next to a few black faced: "yes, this catch a current bar!" 

"Mom, I tell you, before Shi Qing transferred to another school, he was very good at fighting. He did all kinds of evil things." 

"It's shameless of this man. He's beating one by ten!" 

The students who complained were also surprised. 

He didn't expect to complain by himself, but he happened to come across the same person. 

At this time, there are already smart parents to pull him: "classmate, where is the roof you said? Is it just across the street? " 

"Your school doesn't deal with it, does it! If your school doesn't deal with it, we will deal with it by ourselves! I'm going to record the video of the student fighting and bullying his classmates and post it to the Internet. I'll see if you don't handle it! " 

Seeing the parents of these other schools running out with their children, the old class felt like he was going crazy. 

"Ah?!! Wait a minute 

He rubbed his own chicken coop head, collapsed to ask the teacher's classmates: "what's going on? Isn't the relationship between Shiqing and Zhuo Jun very good? Every day in class, the two are not very harmonious, with the same in and out 

He was still thinking about it for the past two days. Since he had a good relationship with Zhuo Jun, Shi Qing listened to the lecture at ease in class. He also knew the problem after class. He was really close to the red. 

How did it happen. 

The classmate didn't know. He stepped back a step: "anyway, Zhuo Junli was taken away. There were about a dozen people, less than 20 people." 

"Twenty?!! Oh, I'll go. Why can't these kids live a day 

Old class crazy quickly called colleagues to chase those parents together. 

At the bottom of his heart, he didn't believe that he would really hit people, or beat Zhuo Jun to leave. 

The two people clearly feel very good ah, in class, they are still doing small movements at the bottom, holding Zhuo Jun's hand to see what palms.But first of all, no matter what, it must not be a big deal. 

If it gets too big, their school will be over. 

As a result, such a picture appeared in the school. 

Almost ten parents of students are running ahead. 

Almost ten teachers are after us. 

He called out as he chased back. 

"Wait a minute! Let's calm down. OK, it's our school business. We'll deal with it ourselves 

In the end, however, a group of people went to the rooftop separately. 

At the bottom of his heart was the joy of revenge. 

He pushed in the front: "Mom! Watch me kick the door open 

Bang!! 

The roof gate was kicked open. 

It's like being kicked out by students who have come to see each other many times before. 

"It's over..." 

Old class rubbed his bald hair and covered his eyes with sadness. 

It's over. 

Then, he didn't hear anything. 

He put down his hand in a daze and looked forward. 

I saw the students' parents and teachers staring in front of them in silence. 

No matter how many times the door is locked, the students can pry the door open. On the roof of the appointment, more than a dozen students are sitting on the ground with a book in their hands, and a box of lunch is beside them. 

Some people's mouth is still bulging, as if eating, and some mouth with a pen. 

At the moment, hearing the news, they all turned their heads and looked at them strangely, 

but in front of them, Zhuo Junli was standing, and beside them was a small blackboard with a simple test. On the small blackboard, a mathematical problem was written on the small blackboard. He held a book in his left hand and chalk in his right hand. On his white face, he looked at them blankly. 

Time seems to have stagnated. 

A few seconds later, the student sitting in the middle of the first reaction to come over, a face unhappy with the book to stand up. 

"What are you doing?" he said 

"Don't you see that we are learning? Really, disturbing people's study."





 The scene was at the height of embarrassment. 

Those parents were uncomfortable all over, and asked their son: "what's going on? Didn't you tell me that he fights all day long? " 

They thought that it was a bad student who bullied their son, and they ran after the roof. 

I thought I could see a group of gangster students beating other students maliciously. The mobile phone video was ready. 

As a result, what they saw was such a harmonious scene. 

How can this be done. 

Those gangsters are also confused. 

What kind of person is Shiqing? Can they not know? Before in their school when they ran rampant, do not know how overbearing. 

He is a man who, to put it mildly, is called dignified. 

It's hard to say that all the students who didn't feel at ease were his younger brothers. 

Money inducement, fist threat, in any case, he can not make any moves. 

Because they didn't follow Shi qinghun, they robbed a small sum of money outside and blocked a student. All of them could be taught by Shiqing. 

It's not easy to get rid of this guy. They still think that he's finally going to bully other schools. 

What did they see?? 

Shi Qing is learning. 

It's as ridiculous as aliens hitting blue stars, Mars hitting Saturn, and big wolf falling in love with little white rabbits. 

Seeing that they didn't answer, the parents were anxious, "what's the matter? You're talking." 

"I, we don't know..." 

Finally, the old class squeezed in, coughed a few times, and sorted out his tie which he didn't know when to run to the back of his neck because he was running too fast. 

"Well, Shi Qing, are you studying?" 

"Otherwise." 

The good-looking school bully wrung his eyebrows and shook the book in his hand, "can't we still come to dinner and eat books?" 

"How can you talk to the teacher?" The old class this words just export, Zhuo Jun left to block in front of time Qing. 

Young people are still like before, gentle and gentle, typical of a good student: "don't be angry, you suddenly burst in, you are kicking the door, and with a group of people, Shi Qing may be scared." 

Scared 

Lao ban looks at Shi Qing, who is still the biggest in the world, and then looks at Zhuo Jun Li, who is very serious. 

The child, who is sensible and timid, thinks that others are also sensible and timid. 

How is it that he coughs again? You teach them? " 

"Yes." 

Xueba was still gentle. He looked back at Shiqing and then turned his head: 

"Shi Qing was worried that they would not be able to go to university because of their poor grades, and they knew that my family was in a difficult situation, so they paid me to come to make up the lessons." 

"There are other students resting in the classroom. There are so many of us that we just come to the rooftop." 

On the way, Lao ban thought about many kinds of pictures that he would see, but none of them was like this. 

He gave a dry cough and felt that he was going to cough hoarse. 

The voice was also dry: "very good, this is very good, you can worry about your own study, the teacher is also very happy." 

Some other teachers took a look at them, then looked at Zhuo Junli, who kept smiling, and then looked at the parents who were so angry, but now they are like a leaky balloon. They immediately stepped forward. 

"Parents don't mind. The learning atmosphere in our school is like this. Students with poor grades don't need to be urged by teachers, and they are also worried." 

He said, pointing to Zhuo Junli: "look, this is not to find the first grade to help them make up lessons, not only let others lay a solid foundation, improve their lives, but also help their own achievements, worthy of praise." 

In a word: the students in our school are not good! 

We're looking for mistakes in our students, right? 

Look at this book. Look at the words on the small blackboard. Look for it! Look for it! 

After seeing such a harmonious picture of "friendly exchange and learning together", the parents who came to question and the teacher who had been coaxed with a good voice immediately changed their atmosphere. 

Now it's the parents who are guilty and the teachers are right. 

"Is there any misunderstanding? Although Shi Qing got poor grades, he Well... " 

The teacher is not familiar with Shiqing, although I have heard of his great achievements, such as what background is strong, what has gathered a group of younger brothers in the school, and he is not polite to the teacher. 

But all he heard was negative news, the advantages of Shiqing I haven't heard of it. 

Can't say, he immediately looked at the side of the old class. 

How to say that he is also the head teacher of Shiqing. He should know his students. 

Old class"But he has a good relationship with others. He is always willing to help others in school and likes to be with his classmates." 

For example, when he goes to the canteen to buy food, he likes to go to the front of the line in a swagger. 

"In class, I have never been as restless as some students, playing mobile phones quietly." 

After all, he played directly, without any cover up. 

"Usually I like to help other students, such as carrying water." 

Although it seems that he is "in pursuit of" childlike rain, it's her turn to carry water, so he wants his younger brother to move. 

"And he was Well It's very... " 

The old class can't make up any more. 

Zhuo Jun left very naturally: "he has a sense of justice, before I was robbed, he saved me." 

With that, Xueba looked behind the old class, his eyes brightened and he pointed out: "teacher, they robbed me!" 

For a moment, all eyes are focused on these gangster students to complain. 

Gangsters:.... " 

Under the dangerous sight of their parents, little sweat gradually appeared on their forehead. 

"No! Parents, listen to my explanation, we really did not rob him, he Fishing law enforcement! Really? He walked over and the money fell, and then I went to pick it up and 

Zhuo Jun left leisurely to add: "before they also robbed Tong Xinyu, is also when Qing rescued people." 

Gangsters:.... " 

This seems to be true 

The first one also tried to rescue him: "although the former one was true, this man is absolutely not true!" 

"He is clearly with the time Qing deliberately engage us, fishing law enforcement!" 

Shi Qing came forward carelessly, put his hand on Zhuo Jun's shoulder, leaned lazily on the youth, raised his eyebrows and looked at these people: 

"I said that before I transferred to another school, you bullied the lower grade students everywhere. If I didn't get used to it and stopped you, you would have been expelled 。” 

"I didn't expect you to do the same thing again after I transferred to school, and after being stopped by me, you still want the villain to complain first. Do you want to face me?" 

"That's right." 

Zhuo Junli also frowned, and was disgusted with the appearance of politeness: "that 500 yuan is my part-time money, you have to be shameless to steal this money." 

"Yes." 

Shi Qing echoed with him and raised his arm and touched his elbow: "yesterday I hurt all over, but now my elbow is still hard." 

The gangsters who were hanged all the way yesterday said 

They were stunned. 

How shameless are these two people!!! 

"You're bloody. Mom, don't look at me like that. I really didn't rob this man, really!" 

When Qing relies on Zhuo Jun to leave the body, or that pair of lazy appearance. 

"Rob or not, you go to their school directly to ask if there is a criminal record is not good, before I did not transfer to school can still suppress them, let them not rob around to study hard, now I transfer school, they must be the same as before." 

"What's more, how old are you all? If I call the police, even if you don't go to prison, you'll have to go to juvenile care for a few days." 

Parents look more dangerously at their sons. 

They know what their son is. 

In addition, the school they are in is notoriously chaotic, so it's very likely that they don't learn well, but they always think that their son's grades may not be good. 

I didn't expect to get to the point of blocking and robbing. 

The gangsters looked at their parents' eyes, and the sweat on their forehead was more. 

They trembled: "parents You don't really believe his lies. " 

"We didn't really rob this man, it was Shiqing! It was he who combined with this man to deliberately design and harm us 

"Hiss." 

School bully's face disdain: "I am busy learning every day is enough tired, who has time to play with you, and you said that my design harm people, you said Zhuo Jun left? Who in our class doesn't know that he has always been a good student. He is the first in the grade. He's hurting you? " 

"It's killing me." 

As soon as this sentence came out, the younger brothers in the back all laughed one after another. 

"Yes, I've seen too many TV dramas." 

"He died laughing and deliberately harmed him. He thought he was the emperor. Everyone wanted to kill him." 

"Even if we really don't like you, it's also a direct hit. Who is so idle and still doing tricks on you is not good for you." 

"Cough, cough, quiet, all quiet." 

Seeing that they were more and more disrespectful, the old class stopped in time and turned to look at the ugly parents"Well, it's like this. Now both sides hold their own opinions. How about this? You can take your children back to their school and ask the teachers and classmates about it. We will deal with this matter after finding out 

If they had heard this before, these parents might have thought that Changyin high school had deliberately delayed handling it, but now 

They look to Zhuo Jun to leave. 

He was white and clean, handsome and weak, and had a confident look. He spoke slowly and politely, and his words were clear. He looked at them clearly. 

This is a good student who can't lie. 

As a result, their eyes again put on their son. 

There are injuries on the face, I don't know where I got dirty. There are ballpoint pen paintings on the school uniform, and my neck is slightly tilted forward. 

He is a lousy, uneducated bastard. 

Take a look at Zhuo Junli, and then look at the son. 

Look at the son, and then look at Zhuo Junli. 

Gangsters are looking at their parents, looking at their increasingly disliked sight, gradually began to feel wrong. 

"Mom and Dad, it's not what you think it is!" 

Shi Qing: "anyway, the road is not far, go back to the school to check it out." 

Gangsters:.... " 

Shi Qing: "if they have done nothing for nothing, it should be OK. Oh?" 

Gangsters:.... " 

Shi Qing: "anyway, we can't run away here. It's the same for you to find us after you know it." 

The parents were convinced. 

They have a black face, with their own face full of "I really wronged ah", but in fact not much wronged son to say goodbye to the teacher, and stormy downstairs. 

Then, on the roof, there are only a group of bad students who have been criticized for countless times, holding books and facing teachers face to face. 

Finally, the strong old class opened his mouth first: 

"well Don't be tired in the afternoon. You should study hard 

Then, with an awkward but polite smile on his face, he gently closed the door that had been kicked open. 

"Yahoo 

As soon as the door was closed, the students who were still pretending to be polite immediately cheered and discussed excitedly; 

"did you see their expression just now? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha 

"I have never seen the old class talk to us so gently. By the way, brother Shi, those guys dare to frame you up. Let's stop him after school." 

"Yes, yes, what a piece of crap! Even our elder brother dares to provoke him, and he won't die!" 

When Qing strode forward, a person gave a brain to collapse. 

"What's up! What's the jam! You! also! Time! Block people 

Each exclamation mark represents a brain collapse. 

After teaching my little brother, the school bully came back to Zhuo Jun, leaning lazily against him, and announced: 

"there is still more than a year to go to the college entrance examination, you must be admitted to the University for me, otherwise, don't be my younger brother." 

My little brother 

You can see that they are dressed in this way, and their scores are definitely the bottom of the class. 

And most people's idea is that after graduating from high school, they won't go to college. 

Immediately, a little brother raised his hand carefully: 

"brother Shi, can I not be your younger brother?" 

"Yes." 

Shi Qing moved his hands and twisted his neck: "as long as you walk out of the roof today, you will not be a little brother but my enemy. I promise to have a cordial and friendly conversation with you every day." 

The younger brother said: 

"Don't you treat me as a passer-by if you don't want to be a little brother or an enemy?" 

"No way." 

Zhuo Jun left his feet steady, looking at the school bully leaning on his body, all over his face: "either be a brother or an enemy, you choose." 

Finally, under the "friendly prompt" of the time Qing Dynasty, the sixteen younger brothers, including Lu Tao, all lost their faces and chose to continue to be safe as their younger brothers. 

Among these little brothers, there used to be thorns. 

But when he can't fight, he is cruel. If he is not satisfied, he will fight. If he is unhappy, he will fight. He knows that he can't attract the teacher's attention. He always fights in places where he can't find out. 

And Shiqing is rich! 

Play a stick, give a sweet jujube, he just transferred to school for how long, these people have been packed by his clothes. 

The school bully is very good at fighting. He wants to show off. Of course, he chooses those who are obedient. 

Like that kind of comparison two goods, dead carry is not soft, also can not be his younger brother. 

And so on to confirm that everyone has agreed to come down, when Qing also looked at Zhuo Jun from one eye. 

Although the expression on his face is: Lao Tzu criticizes. 

Young people just see a trace of pride in showing off to the people they like.His eyes softened and he gave a gentle smile. 

The school bully got a smile and was even more proud. 

He leaned on Zhuo Jun and began to assign tasks: 

"before the next test, each of you will have to give me a 10% increase in score. If not, you know." 

The younger brothers trembled: "the total score is rising very much, is it a little too much, or five points..." 

Shi Qing: "Laozi said the score of each subject." 

My little brother 

At this time, it's Zhuo Junli's turn to give sweet dates. He's smiling and looks very good: 

"in fact, it's OK. We're only in senior two now. Your low scores are due to poor foundation. As long as you listen attentively in class, I'll give you a solid foundation after class. Mathematics is still a little difficult, but it's better to memorize by rote When it's over, understanding will be easy. " 

Shi Qing added: "do you hear me? It's very simple." 

My little brother 

Zhuo Junli: "I will lay a foundation for you first. As long as you can listen attentively in class, it is not difficult to improve." 

Shi Qing: "do you hear me? It's not difficult." 

My little brother 

School bully suddenly thought of what: "by the way, hand in your mobile phones. You can't play with your mobile phones in class, so you can give me an an Sheng Sheng to learn." 

"Don't play tricks. I've seen you talking in groups before. If anyone dares not hand it in, hum." 

The little brothers are eager to cry out 

How can there be such a boss!! 

How can there be such a boss!!! 

But even if they cry how miserable, no matter how reluctant, ruthless boss also one by one to confiscate the mobile phone. 

If the mood of the younger brother can be turned into the topic of microblog at the moment, it will be as follows: 

ᦇ evade the teacher, not avoid the boss ᦇ 

; the devil boss, online forced learning ﹤ br > 

; why do you still need to see the score to recognize the elder brother ᦇ br > 

in short, it is very hard. 

Zhuo Jun was not affected by them at all, and he was still slow. He finished the basic content in a funeral, and then assigned homework and tasks. 

In the eyes of the younger brothers, he is wearing a gentle smile, relying on his sometimes clear support and pretending to be a tiger: 

"you should also do the homework assigned by the school, even if you can't, you must do it in advance. You must give it to me before the evening of that day, and I will check it." 

One of them was upset. 

They should listen to their own boss that is, why Zhuo Jun left this one to see not a bit of force can manage this tube that. 

"Hey, you twenty-five! You Ah 

Before he had finished his speech, he was struck by a brain attack. 

Little brother a look up, when Qing is a face fierce looking at him: "you say who!" 

Little brother: "I'm sorry I, I said myself 

He sat down carefully, his expression full of thirst for knowledge for a time. 

"That's about it." 

School bully said, and returned to Zhuo Jun left side, muttering with him: "you don't be afraid of these boys, if they dare to do anything to you, directly tell me." 

Zhuo Jun looked at him tenderly, and his mouth was slightly tilted: 

"OK, I will tell you." 

It's so good to be protected. 

Ding! Zhuo Junli's repulsion degree: 50 out of 100] 

his eyes seemed to be deeper when he looked at Shiqing. He pulled the hand that Xueba had just used to hit his brain, and gently wiped his slender fingers with a paper towel. 

Shiqing didn't feel uncomfortable at all. He looked at Zhuo Junli to wipe his hands, and roared at the younger brother who was looking at him: 

"what are you looking at! One by one, they don't care about hygiene at all, which makes my hands dirty 

When the younger brothers were wronged and bowed his head, he turned back and stretched out another hand, touching Zhuo Junli and holding his hand. 

Zhuo Jun is white, his fingers are beautiful, long and white, and his nails are well trimmed. 

When Qing is so magnanimous and square, touch his finger once and again, and his mouth is especially serious and says: "your hand looks good, beating back should be very cool." 

With his touch, Zhuo Jun centrifugal as if by a feather scratch, itchy, he slightly raised his eyes, looking at the eager school bully, smile gentle. 

"I'll beat you when I get back." 

When clear dry cough a few, a face of serious: "I hired you but to give me make-up lessons, go back, you have to supervise me to recite the text." 

Zhuo Junli: "I can beat your back while supervising your back." 

School bully nodded: "not bad, you are very good, tomorrow I treat you to eat spicy hot." 

Lu Tao, the nearest to them, stretched his claws carefully"Brother Shi, I can also beat your back and listen to you recite the text." 

When Qing didn't speak, he just looked at his hand. 

Lu Tao seconds understand, committee wronged to take back the hand. 

He had a great sense of crisis in his heart. 

Clearly before he was the brother's favorite younger brother, the result is inexplicable, Zhuo Jun from his position. 

Now they eat together, they go to and from class together, they sleep together. Even learning such a terrible thing, they are all together. 

The position of the first younger brother was robbed. 

It's too bad, boo Hoo Hoo. 

Lu Tao felt miserable. Other people, to be exact, except these little brothers, did not feel miserable at all. 

On the contrary, they are very happy. 

They are represented by their parents and teachers. 

The teachers are saying that although Shi Qing didn't look good before, he was really quite impressive. 

He not only works hard, but also drives other poor students to work together! 

What kind of spirit is this! 

This is the spirit of sharing learning happiness!! 

Before that, they really had prejudices about people. They thought that this was a bad boy. They fought and bullied their classmates. They didn't say anything about it. They didn't like him. 

But now, it's all clear. 

Is that a fight! That's a good deed! 

Is that bullying students! That's helping students! 

What kind of school bullies the students. 

Clearly is a brave, willing to help others, good learning, good students!!





 When Shi Qing was addicted to molesting Zhuo Junli and encouraging his younger brothers to struggle, the school teachers liked him more and more. 

Who doesn't like such a good student who studies hard and drives other poor students together! 

In particular, Qing still has special love. 

On the one hand, poor students can improve their grades. On the other hand, Zhuo Junli doesn't worry about tuition fees, book fees, paper fees and so on. 

Every time the old class comes into the classroom, he can't help but smile when he sees the school bully who leaves Zhuo Jun to recite the text even after class. 

He has been a teacher for so many years, and this is the first time that he has not reached out to rescue, the other party has automatically and spontaneously put on the ventilator, and he is particularly enthusiastic about inserting an oxygen tube for other people. 

It's really reassuring. 

If the students all over the world can be as self-discipline as Shi Qing, and can also be enthusiastic about restraining others, it would be too pleasant. 

The old class is getting more and more pleasant. 

It's like today's evening study. 

Their school evening self-study is really self-study, teachers generally do not sit in the classroom. 

However, every head teacher will appear in various places in the evening. 

- the gap in the back door 

- the window in the middle 

- the glass on the front door for the convenience of teachers' supervision. 

Often before arriving, the magical head teacher will use the flexible walking position which is comparable to the cat, and is light handed and does not make a sound before the active appearance. 

Staring at the whole classroom quietly, with a pair of dead fish. 

X-rays are emitted from one eye and scanned up and down from head to end. 

The main scanning points: the students' mouth, the students' hands hidden in the table hole, the students' sight straight to the eyes of a row of high books. 

Generally, there are mobile phones or extra-curricular books hidden behind this tall book. 

Today's old class is the same as above. 

With a coquettish walk, the perfect way to avoid the front door glass, came to the middle window. 

He only showed half of his body, a pair of eyes because of the baldness also more serious swelling, dead fish eyes staring at the students in the classroom. 

After staring for half a minute, someone finally found out the existence of the old class in the original laughing classroom. He shut his mouth and quickly poked the people around him to remind him. 

Then, more and more people found him. 

In less than half a minute, the classroom seemed to take off from the noisy to the silent. The students looked at the books in their hands seriously one by one, or they were writing and drawing with pens. 

It's possible that the tip of their pen is not next to the paper at all. 

Under these false images of peace, Lao ban was pleased to find that two people had not changed since they had just arrived. 

It was Shi Qing who left Zhuo Jun. 

Every student seems to be equipped with a radar aimed at the teacher. Even if they don't see the teacher coming, they will immediately shut up and look at their nose, nose and heart when the surroundings are quiet. They dare not lift their heads and pretend to read books. 

Of course, the radar sometimes goes wrong. 

For example, all of a sudden, no one spoke, and those who wanted to talk thought it was the teacher who came and didn't dare to say anything. They all buried their heads and shut up. 

After waiting for a long time, I found that the teacher didn't come at all. At this time, the quiet classroom seemed to be filled with hundreds of quack ducks. 

But when Qing and Zhuo Jun leave, but the perfect performance whether the teacher came, or the teacher did not come, are silent. 

Not even the movement. 

The old class opened the front door and came in. Looking lazy on Zhuo Jun's shoulder, he looked like an old man holding a Chinese book. His heart was filled with joy. 

This is the performance of students not guilty. 

And their relationship looks very harmonious. Looking back at the beginning, Shiqing always bullied Zhuo Jun from the secret, and then look at the present. 

Sure enough, it was still his hard work at that time, which was the credit for more than an hour. 

Of course, as a teacher in charge of a class, even if he is happy and proud at the bottom of his heart, he still has a cold face on his face. He goes to the platform and starts to criticize: 

"I can hear your voices downstairs! Noisy! Why don't you make a noise? " 

"It's been a long time since we've made the biggest noise in our class! You are all sophomores! Senior two! Two!! After that is senior three, and then the college entrance examination! It's a race against time! Still wasting time! I don't want to go to college, do I? " 

Zhuo Jun Li listen to the old class sad words, heart without fluctuation. 

After all, this is what the old class said, and according to his experience as a student, every teacher said so.All his attention was attracted by the time when taidafang was playing with his fingers while the old class was talking. 

School bully always doesn't like to listen to these words. Every time the class holds a class meeting or the old class wants to make a long speech, he is particularly bored to play with Zhuo Jun's hand. 

Why is it a player. 

After all, in winter, everyone is dressed like a zongzi. It's good to show your hands. 

For the sake of time, of course. 

Even if it is zongzi, Zhuo Junli is also the best one to see. 

"Don't think the college entrance examination is far away from you, not far! The college entrance examination is like a single wooden bridge. If you look at you like this, I don't think that when the college entrance examination is conducted, you will fall down from the single wooden bridge like dumplings. " 

Shiqing gently touched Zhuo Jun's ring finger, moved slowly along the slender finger to the root of the finger. As if he had found something interesting, he pressed the relatively soft bone and turned around. 

"You! It's the worst one I've ever had! " 

His hand moved away from the base of his finger and continued to slide down, resting on the blue blood vessels of the youth, which were more and more obvious because of the white skin. 

"Look at you one by one. What's the matter? I care about you. You don't like it. I tell you, your grades are all your own, not mine. The benefits you get from entering a good university are also your own. It has nothing to do with me. Now I'm strict with you. You think I'm not good. If I'm really loose, I'll wait until you grow up and graduate When the society comes, I'm not good! " 

Shiqing began to press the blood vessels on the back of Zhuo Jun's hand. His blood vessels, like most boys, were slightly protruding, but not very conspicuous. It seemed to be very flat and could only be detected by touching it. 

And with his caressing which is totally different from his usual style, Zhuo Jun left him completely free to move, just a pair of light brown eyes, but slightly sideways, gently staring at Shiqing. 

School bully raised his eyes, on his line of sight, subconsciously, a pair of narrow eyes curved. 

It's all natural. 

Lu Tao, sitting behind them, rubbed his eyes. 

Strange, how did he feel that when brother and Zhuo Jun were away from each other, it seemed that there were a lot of pink bubbles 

"Here, I want to praise a classmate, that is, Shiqing." 

Hearing his name, the school bully did not feel guilty, so he touched his desk mate's hand and looked up. 

Lao ban is still a little excited about this. 

"Shi Qing didn't do very well before, and he liked to play at ordinary times, but he had a sense of crisis. During this period, he not only worked hard, but also led other students to work together. He listened carefully in class and took the initiative to let Zhuo Jun leave the make-up class after class. In a short period of time, his achievements improved a lot." 

"This is a typical example. It doesn't matter if you start late, it doesn't matter if you try too slowly. There's still time! As long as you don't give up and start working hard from now on, even if you have poor results, you can also be rescued! " 

Being praised, the school bully raised his chin and raised his eyebrows with an expression of "shouldn't this be it?". 

Zhuo Jun looked up slightly, looking at such self-confidence, even if the whole class looked at, his hand was still firmly on the back of his hand, and his eyes were soft. 

Old class also did not feel that Shi Qing's attitude is wrong, after all, he has long been used to this unrestrained student. 

It doesn't matter. It's good to know how to study, but not to ask for anything else. 

He left the classroom after filling the chicken soup for the soul as usual. 

He did not go for a while, the class from silent to noisy. 

Lu Tao this boy is like a monkey. He ran to the front: "brother Shi, the supermarket seems to be selling red rope, which is tied to the hand. Do you want to buy it?" 

When Qing lean on Zhuo Jun leave body, frown a face disdain: "I want that why." 

"I tell you, brother Shi, this red rope is meaningful. Although it's only one yuan, it's still in the school. It says that if you buy one and give it to someone you like, you can always be together." 

He frowned at Shiqing: "if you buy this for that person, hey, hey, hey." 

The school bully was dubious: "really? It's only a dollar. Is there such a cult? " 

Zhuo Jun left is still calm, he asked: "you said everyone in the pass, then who started to pass?" 

Lu Tao: "son of the supermarket owner." 

"Cut." 

Shiqing chuckled, "you all know it was he who sent the letter. He was fooling people into buying their things and making money." 

Just ran to the front to borrow homework, Tong Xinyu heard, immediately stopped, wriggling, face embarrassed walked over. 

"Well, in fact, this red rope can't be so useful. As we all know, the main reason for buying this one is that if you give a red rope, almost the other party will understand what he means. If the other party also feels it, he will buy a red rope and send it to him, which is probably equivalent to a confession token."Said, the child heart rain small voice way: "if is me, was like the person to send the red rope, I will be very happy." 

Yes, she was hinting wildly. 

It's been so many days. It's reasonable to say that if Shiqing or Zhuo Junli have feelings for her, they should also confess. 

But she waited and waited. She didn't know how many thousand paper cranes she planned to send out during her break time. She couldn't wait. 

Watermelon didn't come. 

Sesame didn't come to confess. 

It shouldn't be. 

Tongxinyu ponders that Zhuo Junli may not like her, but in the whole class, in addition to her, Zhuo Junli has never contacted other girls. 

Still have time Qing, before he but is always jealous big hair's block Zhuo Jun to leave with her close. 

When Qing doesn't like her, can you still like Zhuo Jun to leave!! 

Tong Xinyu is very clear about her urine. In addition, she accidentally saw a senior high school student last time. She is worried that if the male God doesn't express her love, she will transfer her love. 

As a result, she began to preach the red rope like a tray. 

"How many things can you buy with a dollar, but if you buy a red rope for someone you like, it's priceless." 

"This is not just an ordinary red rope, it represents love." 

"This kind of red rope is not afraid of water, and you don't need to take a bath. Think about it, no matter what time and place, the red rope you send will be worn on the wrist of the person you like, just like you accompany her. How beautiful it is." 

Shi Qing's eyes gradually brightened up. 

"You have a point." 

Even Zhuo Jun left, pretty face showed if there is thought, even nodded. 

Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah!!! 

Child heart rain in the bottom of my heart crazy scream! 

What do you mean!! 

What do you mean by that!! 

Are they all going to buy her red rope! 

Oh, my God, my God! 

Happiness came so suddenly that she felt that she was going to faint with excitement. 

What to do. 

If it is what she thinks, who is better to promise? 

Zhuo Jun is gentle, gentle and easy to speak. He is suitable for being frank and informal. 

When Qing Dynasty is domineering, no taboo, suitable for gentle and good temper. 

Tong Xinyu feels that she is nothing. 

She was neither informal nor gentle. 

Forget it! 

When the time comes, she will promise whoever confesses first! 

After school, tongxinyu was excited and watched Shi Qing and Zhuo Junli pack up their things and leave the classroom. They quickly followed up. 

Of course, she was not so obscene at the end of the line. 

She just wanted to go to the supermarket to buy a red rope. By the way, she wanted to see if the two male gods also went to the supermarket to buy red rope. 

Children's heart rain smoothly with the tide of people to walk in the time behind them. 

Her two male gods are chatting, when Qing smile is particularly happy, Zhuo Jun Li looks at him with a soft smile. 

Both of them talked while walking, no matter which one they were watching, they were very pleasing to the eyes. 

To the supermarket, tongxinyu tensely slowed down the angle, eager to give himself a telescope, stretched his neck to see. 

After a long time, Shiqing and Zhuo Jun left before they came out. 

Both men had a red rope wrapped in a small transparent bag. 

Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah!!! 

The boy's heart rain is a groundhog scream at the bottom of my heart. 

Red rope! Red rope!!! 

Sure enough, it's red rope!!! 

They're down the steps! 

They're coming in his direction! 

Zhuo Junli is already unpacking! 

Did he find her already!! 

Ah ah ah ah ah he took it apart!! 

Tongxinyu held her breath nervously, and then she saw: 

in the dim light, on the path with few people, the handsome young man took out the red rope, gently lowered his eyes, and put it on Shiqing's hand. 

Tong Xinyu: 

The school bully, who always dislikes outsiders' touch, didn't pull back. He just let Zhuo Jun leave and wear red rope for himself. 

But she couldn't hear her. When she was red, she was proud with a face of "since you have done this, I'll be merciful." she put her red rope on Zhuo Jun's wrist, and at the same time, she seemed to be very reluctant: 

"you gave me, and mine also gave you." 

When he saw Shiqing wearing his red rope on Zhuo Jun's hands, he said, "I'm sorry." 

She just stood there, watching her two male gods exchange the red rope. 

Then, the two male gods, no matter in appearance or figure, could be regarded as top-notch, so they leaned together and took another path towards the dormitory."Tongxinyu" still exists: 

She looked at the back of her two male gods. 

Then, in the mind inexplicably thought of own before thought. 

She also worried that Zhuo Jun was gentle, gentle and easy to speak, and she acted as if she could not make up for her personality. 

As a result, they complement each other. 

Tongxinyu imagined that these two characters met together. 

If it's a good match, there's no sense of disobedience. 

After thinking about it for a long time, tongxinyu held a broken girl's heart and faced the fact in despair. 

So, her two male gods 

Domestic sales





 Zhuo Junli saw the rain. 

To be exact, he sent out the red rope that he had planned to send back to the dormitory because he saw the rain. 

As he wanted, Shiqing's red rope also came to his wrist. 

On the way back, they did not hold hands or do anything else, just close shoulder to shoulder. 

Under the street lamp, the shadow of two big long legs seems to be walking together. 

They walked across the campus path. 

Walk across the playground track again. 

We went up the stairs together. 

Finally, open the dormitory door and take a good bath one by one. 

Wait until two people have brought the same smell of body wash, just nest on the bed together. 

Recite the text. 

When Qingbei, Zhuo Jun from listening. 

The air conditioner was turned on in the room and it was warm. Both of them were wearing pajamas and half reclined on the bed. 

When Qing and Zhuo Jun do not have books on their hands, the books are placed under the pillow. 

After all, basically, as long as it is the text that Shiqing needs to recite, Zhuo Jun can recite it word by word. 

So the school bully on his body, big long legs wantonly up, pressure on Zhuo Jun from the body. 

The body temperature that belongs to another person comes from the other side. 

In particular, the other party also wore his own red rope. 

It's a very different feeling. 

It's just a piece of simple knitting rope. Wearing it on the hand, it's like stabilizing the whole heart. 

At least Zhuo Junli has never felt like this. 

Because the Qing Dynasty domineering is almost inclined to lie on the bed, his head naturally also inevitably lies in Zhuo Jun to leave the bosom. 

Such a small bird's action let the school bully do, it seems to be marking the site. 

The young man's hand fell on Shiqing's hair, and with his recitation, he gently pressed and whirled on the back of his head. 

This is Zhuo Junli's unique way to relax. Once, in order to ensure his grades, he had a period of immortal work and rest. He got up at 5:30 and fell asleep at one. 

Lack of sleep and a long period of concentration make his back of the head swell, obviously very tired, but how can not sleep. 

Only massage the back of the head to get a little relaxation. 

Now, he moved into the two men's room. When he finished his homework every night, Shiqing bullied him to go to bed early. In the morning, he went to his arms again. Zhuo Jun's immortal work and rest had not appeared for a long time. 

When he was comfortable, he yawned and held Zhuo Junli's other hand, unconsciously plucking the red rope on his wrist. 

The school bully plucked his hand, which was the one wearing the red rope. Both of them were born with white, and the red rope was lined more and more bright. 

"My teacher, do you know that he was born in my life? So Well What's behind it? " 

Zhuo Jun left quietly and said: 

"so there is no expensive, no cheap, no long and no little, the existence of the Tao is also the existence of the teacher." 

"It means that in the tradition of teaching, where should we consider whether he is older or younger than me? Therefore, no matter the status is high or low, regardless of age, the place where the truth exists is the place where the teacher exists. " 

"If you understand the meaning, it will be easier to recite it." 

When Qing looked up, turned a body, lying on his back in Zhuo Jun's arms, a bad smile looked at him: "if according to this, you are also my teacher?" 

Zhuo Jun looked at him. 

School bully's eyes are very good-looking. When he smiles like this, it seems that there are stars hidden inside. 

Looking at it, Zhuo Jun left the corner of his mouth on his own: 

"it can also be said." 

The smile on Shi Qing's face is bigger. 

"Are we not teachers and students in love?" 

Zhuo Jun left the smile unchanged: 

"that's right." 

Shi Qing had a long voice and a long cry with a bad smile: 

"teacher..." 

He raised his eyebrows, and with a smile on his brow, he got up slowly and lay down on the youth in the direction where he had been lying. He grasped his collar and let his head drop slightly. 

Zhuo Junli is half sitting against the wall, so even if Shiqing grabs his collar and makes him lower his head, he still has to look up to meet his eyes. 

School bully's eyes were bright, so he laughed. He raised his wrist, turned the red rope on his hand and asked him: 

"do you really give this rope to me 

Zhuo Jun left also raised his hand, gently, with the red rope on his hand next to the red rope of Qing. 

"Are you afraid?" 

"Afraid?" 

School bully pick eyebrows, as always overbearing wanton: "I have what to fear." 

Zhuo Jun left with a smile. 

As soon as the beauty smiles, everything seems to light up.Meirenxueba said, "I'm not afraid." 

He is confident that he will be able to stand on the top of the crowd. 

I also have confidence to protect Shiqing. 

He slowly stretched out his finger and held the hand beside him, clasping with Shiqing's ten fingers. 

His eyes are also bright, and the light brown eyes are heavy looking at the people in front of him: 

"shall we take the same university? When I go to university, I still live together. " 

"That's what I thought." 

Shi Qing answered quickly and took it for granted: 

"otherwise, why should I study so hard?" 

Zhuo Jun left fixed looking at the people in front of him. 

The young man slowly lowered his head and gently rubbed against the tip of the school bully's nose. His voice was always warm and moist. At the moment, he was full of suppressed emotions: 

"you promised me, and it will be mine." 

"You can't change in this life." 

Shi Qing grabbed his neck with one hand, and his eyes were full of potential: "good." 

"You can only be mine in your life." 

Ding! Zhuo Junli rejection degree: 0 out of 100] 

the system jumped out again in surprise: "the host is wonderful!! Ah ah ah ah ah host I learned a new song, do you want to sing service! ] 

[not required now. ] 

when you look at Zhuo Junli, who is pressing down on your side, you are satisfied with the way: 

[mosaic time, you can continue to learn new songs. ] 

the system has gone. 

Zhuo Junli continues to press down. 

The slender and beautiful hand slowly reaches in 

Under the pillow. 

School bully: 

Then, when the clear eye helplessly saw Zhuo Jun from under the pillow took out a "May 3.". 

The youth is very happy to put the book in front of his eyes: "you go to bed to do a problem again, finish I give you judge immediately." 

"With your current results, it's still very difficult to take the college entrance examination. You must be safe and sound!" 

His emotion is too much than usual, his eyes are bright. 

Obviously, for Zhuo Junli, Shi Qing promised to be with him and go to university with him, which made him very happy. 

"In the future, you can recite at the same time every morning, wash and gargle at the same time, and give them a make-up lesson at noon. I will set aside half an hour to lay a foundation for you alone. It is also the time for dinner in the evening." 

Shi Qing said Will it be too tiring, especially if you are already very tired every day. " 

The young man's mouth was full of pleasure, and he approached him affectionately and rubbed the tip of his nose: 

"tiredness is only temporary. If it is difficult, think about going to university in the future, and we will be able to live in one classroom, one dormitory and one bed." 

Shi Qing 

Can you tell me, they are not one classroom, one dormitory and one bed now? 

After confirming Zhuo Junli is serious, Shi Qing takes over "May 3" without expression. 

[Tong, come out and sing. ] 

the system appears blankly: [host, is it not mosaic? ] 

Shi Qing: [no mosaic, come and sing, I'll give you the lyrics. ] 

System: [? ] 

System: [what song? ] 

the time is clear and the side is numb. ] 

therefore, on the ambiguous night when the two people confessed to each other and settled the relationship, they sang systematically. 

Shi Qing did it -- 

1! 

Late! 

Go! 

Yes! 

Question!





 The next morning, Shiqing leaned against Zhuo Jun and walked into the classroom with a yawn and a bell. 

Also is early self-study, only on duty born, see him not late also did not say anything. 

Of course, even if he said it, Shiqing would not listen. 

A school bully who loves learning is still a school bully. 

He almost did not open his eyes all the way from Zhuo Jun to take his seat. 

When he sat down, the young man coaxed the lover who was leaning on his shoulder with warm voice: "when Qing, wake up, it's time for self-study." 

"Sleepy..." 

In fact, Shiqing has already woken up all the way, but he just wants to rely on Zhuo Jun's shoulder to play tricks, and then listen to BaWen gentle coax him. 

Zhuo Jun left the real voice very gentle coax him: "open your eyes first, you didn't eat breakfast, eat this steamed bun." 

In the morning, Qingzhao often sleeps in bed. Zhuo Jun left for a long time to coax him to get up and put on clothes. He just delayed his time and couldn't go to the canteen to eat. 

He had to go downstairs to buy some steamed stuffed buns while he was cleaning and gargling. Then he came to the classroom with the school bully who was lying on the bed. 

"I don't want steamed buns, I want strawberries." 

First of all, Zhuo Jun bought me a pad to eat 

Get satisfied answer, school bully this just satisfied open mouth. 

The young man naturally handed the steamed stuffed bun to his mouth and watched him finish eating with his eyes closed. 

The child's heart rain witnessing this scene later:.... " 

She poked at her deskmate and pointed to the two people in front of her who fed the other. She whispered, "look." 

The girl at the same table is busy with her homework. She raises her eyes and looks at the direction pointed by Tong Xinyu. Her face is blank. "What's the matter?" 

Tong Xinyu: "don't you see Zhuo Junli eating steamed buns when feeding?" 

"Yes." 

"What's wrong with baozi? Didn't the old class say that if it was too late, he could have breakfast in the self-study class? " 

Tong Xinyu: 

Is the point breakfast! 

It's Zhuo Junli! ] Have breakfast in time! 

See child heart rain seems to be quite anxious appearance, the same table sister don't understand to see a look again. 

One more look. 

One last look. 

Then it dawned on me. 

"I know, you are heartache, Zhuo Jun left? In fact, it's nothing. I don't think he's unhappy either. He's getting better and better with Shi Qing recently. It's just a favor between friends. " 

Tong Xinyu 

Seeing that her face was blank, her roommate kindly gave her a hug: 

"well, didn't you say you like Shi Qing last time? You can look from Shiqing's point of view. How comfortable he is when he is so sleepy that someone can feed him. " 

Tong Xinyu 

She didn't give up her head and looked at all directions of the work. 

Then sad to find that, sure enough, only she felt wrong in the whole classroom. 

It may also be because of Shi Qing's undisguised attitude, and he didn't let other students doubt anything. 

Oh 

Tongxinyu was lying on the table in distress. 

Had to accept a painful reality. 

The two male gods were forced to descend. 

The third male god is online. 

But it's also very special. 

Tongxinyu is actually a very generous sister, even if the male god offline, her mentality can also be very peaceful. 

From childhood to adulthood, she was able to count nearly ten gods of the same age, not counting the singers and actresses. 

Every time she was offline for various reasons (mostly because she had a new God), tongxinyu could perfectly stop paying attention to them. 

But Shiqing and Zhuo Jun broke the habit. 

Maybe because they are in the same class. 

Maybe it's because 

These two people are so blind. 

Tongxinyu witnessed that Zhuo Jun ran to buy strawberries after class. He washed them clean to give them time to eat. 

Also witnessed the time Qing around looking for a variety of papers, as a gift to Zhuo Jun from. 

Two people are the same table, and live in a dormitory, even if they do not leave the focus of Meng every day, no one thinks there is anything wrong. 

As the winter gets deeper and deeper, the school bully seems to be in the hibernation season. The whole person is lazy, and everything depends on Zhuo Jun's leaving. 

Put your hand on the shoulder of the youth, and then hang it on the other side naturally like a sloth. 

When sitting, half reclining, walking without bones, with lazy eyes and yawning posture. 

Before tongxinyu, because the two men were their own, the God had been watching them. At that time, Shiqing was not so sleepy as now.After careful calculation, he began to feel sleepy every day after she witnessed them exchange red ropes. 

Taking advantage of the holiday to go home, really inquired about the same-sex love of tongxinyu, had to suspect that her two former male gods had done something in the evening after being sold domestically. 

They are a dormitory!! 

And it's still two. 

Tongxinyu thought "Mom, is it really what I think?" on the other hand, he felt strangely, "Oh, no, they are so excited.". 

She doesn't think she should be so concerned about other people's lives. 

After all, since that night witnessed the exchange of betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betrothal betroth. 

She's no longer a child, and knows what kind of impact homosexual love can have if it's exploded in high school. 

Although she can't love because of sexuality, she won't and won't hurt them! 

The love between the two gods is guarded by her. 

It's exciting to think about it. 

But the child heart rain who keeps this secret is very tired sometimes. 

Male gods, can you avoid suspicion a little bit! 

Don't be so close, don't always touch my hand in class. I'll touch your hand. Don't eat strawberries and feed them to each other's mouth!! 

It is they who fall in love with each other. They are afraid that what others will find is childlike rain. 

She is frightened every day, but when Qing and Zhuo Jun leave, or a pair of them line is sitting on the end of the appearance. 

Wake up, God! 

You look down at the same red rope you're wearing on your hands! 

You're in an underground relationship! 

Can you stop being so aboveboard! 

It's also good that even if tongxinyu is worried about losing his hair every day, no one in the class thinks that there is something wrong with these two people. 

Good man, good relationship. 

What's more, Shiqing is a bit overbearing. When a big man is sleepy, let another man feed himself and put it on others. That's weird. 

Put it on the school bully, that's for granted. 

In fact, in many people's eyes, Shi Qing's behavior is the same as that of the old rich people who were lying comfortably and letting people feed themselves. 

The most important thing is his natural and generous attitude, which has no hidden meaning. 

Even in class, the teacher in the above lecture, he can also be particularly skilled hands to Zhuo Jun off the shoulder, a "uncle I appreciate listening to" appearance. 

This attitude is really wrong. 

If there is something between the two, how can it be so undisguised. 

It's because it's nothing. 

So, until the winter vacation, no one in the class found out what was wrong with Shiqing and Zhuo Jun. 

Even if both of them had a red rope on their left hands. 

Even if they get bored with each other all day. 

Even if every time someone in the class talks with Shiqing, Zhuo Junli can turn Shiqing's attention to himself with a gentle smile. 

No one noticed that the two most handsome boys in the class were together. 

After the score was announced, the old class said it was time to hold a parents' meeting. 

When he said this topic, he felt Zhuo Junli's small hand and leaned lazily on Zhuo Junli's body, with his thighs clinging to the youth's thighs. 

And the old class is also very pleased to look at this scene, the heart is very sigh this world fate is so wonderful. 

At the beginning, Qing tried to find Zhuo Jun to leave trouble. 

Now the relationship has been so good, every day in an activity, the results have been rocket like rise. 

His psychological activities fully show what is called "black under the lamp". 

"In a word, your scores will be announced at the parents' meeting. When the parents have another meeting, we can go home on holiday." 

Shiqing yawned lazily: 

"teacher, my parents are busy, can they not come to participate?" 

"No way." 

"Don't you want your family to see such a good self?" the old class said: "this time you have made great progress. It's better for parents to take a look at your progress." 

He said, but also very proud to announce: "the teacher here, save you from the beginning of school to now all the test papers, also made a performance increase table, when you go up, which time down, all at a glance, here I want to praise Shi Qing, most of the students in the class are up and down, a small part of them have been maintaining the original results No change. " 

"But only Shiqing! His performance has been rising. It can be said that this time the parents' meeting was held, except for Zhuo Junli, who always kept the first grade in grade, the second one could be praised 

Looking at the proud old class, the school bully turned to Zhuo Jun and said in a low voice, "I've always been the first from the bottom, and there's no place to drop."The young man looked at him tenderly and gently pulled his little thumb: 

"what the teacher said is right, you are very good." 

Flattered by lovers. 

School bully ear tip rubs red, dry cough: "I certainly know I am fierce." 

Then, also slowly hook hook Zhuo Jun from the finger. 

Two people in the bottom of the small action, the top of the old class is still seriously said: "now you senior two, senior three is not far, this class meeting is very solemn, the teacher should tell your usual results, and the degree of hard work to parents, convenient next better urge you, so must come to a parent to attend the parents' meeting, can't do not come, you know?" 

The sound of knowing was heard from the bottom. 

Zhuo Junli has always been able to do two things with one mind. When he heard the old class's words, the smile on his lips stopped and slowly faded down. 

The school bully was acutely aware of his mistake and got together strangely: 

"what's the matter?" 

The youth shook his head: "it's OK." 

See when Qing really believe his words, continue to play with his fingers bored, Zhuo Jun from the eyes slightly dark, drooping eyes. 

He thought of his father. 

The father who beat him from childhood to adulthood, never had a trace of paternal love, not only did he not support him, but also tried every means to take away his scholarship. 

Once upon a time, Zhuo Jun could endure or avoid. 

He is like a dormant eagle, waiting for the fluff to fade away. 

After adulthood, we can get rid of the domination of domestic violence father. 

He can be patient. 

Anyway, he's been putting up with it for so long, and it won't matter for a long time. 

But now 

Zhuo Junli looked at the yawn of Shiqing. 

In fact, except for the first night, Shiqing didn't carry much time later. It was basically the same as before. However, the school bully was very sleepy every day. He was so lazy that he couldn't bear to carry it in his arms. 

Shiqing was the first treasure he had in his life. 

He can't stand that man's destruction of Shiqing's view of him. 

Once again, the young man lowered his long eyelashes, and there was no emotion on his beautiful face. 

The next day, the parents' meeting. 

The old class stood at the door of the classroom early in the morning and said hello when he saw the parents coming. 

At this time, Zhuo Jun left the front, some embarrassed in his eyes, and said softly, "teacher, my father can't come." 

"Well? What's the matter? " 

Zhuo Junli, an obedient and sensible grade one, is simply the most favorite student in the old class. Naturally, he knows the family situation of Zhuo Jun and what kind of man his father is. 

Now as soon as I heard that Zhuo Jun could not come from his father, her eyebrows wrinkled immediately. 

What kind of father is this. 

Even if you don't eat or drink at ordinary times, it's too much for children to work part-time and get scholarships. It's not even possible to attend a parents' meeting! 

"He broke his leg and couldn't come." 

As soon as I heard that it was like this, the old class's anger was slightly relieved. 

"It's OK. If you can't come, you can't come. Your grades are very stable and you work hard. In fact, the purpose of the parents' meeting is to let parents urge students. You don't need to be urged. Don't worry about it." 

"Well, go downstairs and play for a while. After studying for such a long time, you can also relax." 

Zhuo Jun from the sensible nod, politely thanks: "thank you, teacher." 

After thanking him, he turned and left. 

The old class looked at the young man's slender back and sighed. 

The child is so sensible and kind. 

Why is there such a father. 

Downstairs, Shiqing is just like my grandfather's feet on the basketball, basking in the warm sun. 

Let me tell you a joke. ] 

System: what? ] 

Shi Qing: [yesterday I called someone and asked them to break the leg of the domestic tyrant so that he would not come to school to make trouble. What do you think? ] 

System: [what? ] 

Shi Qing: [by the time my man arrived, his leg had already broken. ] 

System: [? ] 

Shi Qing: [do you know how to break it? ] 

[it is said that he drank too much, slept at home, fell off the bed and broke his leg. ] 

he took a pen out of his pocket and swayed it on his hand: 

what angle do you think is necessary to break his leg from the bed? This involves mathematical calculation. ] 

System: [? ] 

[the system does not understand. ] 

Shi Qing: [generally speaking, the domestic violence man broke his leg at an angle that is basically impossible for ordinary people to reach. ] The system came to light. 

The system is clear. 

Then: [is someone a name? ] 

then he raised his eyes, looked forward, and gently raised his eyebrows: [someone is coming. ] 

Zhuo Junli is coming this way. 

In the sun, the young man's white face with a smile, soft short hair, because of the sun and covered with a layer of gold. 

When he came this way, he looked like an angel landing on earth. 

Then, the angel sat down beside Shiqing. 

Shi Qing asked him, "what have you just done with the old class?" 

Zhuo Junli: "my father has a broken leg and can't come to the parents' meeting. I told him this." 

"Broken leg?" 

The school bully's face showed a surprised expression, obviously concerned about the lover's father: "is everything ok?" 

"No big deal." 

Zhuo Jun didn't say that he was sad, nor did he say that he was sad. He just sat down in front of Shiqing, and then he was held by the other side and was close to each other. 

He held Shi Qing's hand. 

School bully's hands and his ferocious appearance are not quite the same, because he has not done any work, whether it is looking or touching are tender. 

Kneading his soft palm, the whole heart seems to be able to calm down. 

Zhuo Jun left the voice low: "I don't like him." 

"Who don't like, your father?" 

Shi Qing generously allowed him to knead his hand and said with understanding: 

"I don't like me either. My parents have been with me for less than a year since I was young. They gave me up for work, but they said that they love me very much and threw me to Baum. He said that he would come to them if he had anything to do. I would smash the money every time I had something Where to find them. " 

The young man was stunned and raised his eyes to Shi Qing. 

He had thought that such a disposition as Shi Qing should have been spoiled and brought up since childhood to be so wanton. 

Looking at the school bully that face does not matter, Zhuo Jun centrifugal pain him at the same time, there is a little joy in the heart. 

Shi Qing is not close to his parents. 

Does that mean that he is the closest person in Shiqing. 

At the thought of this, the youth's heart softened into a mass. 

His eyes seemed to twinkle with bright starlight. In the sun, a beautiful woman's face became more and more white and beautiful. He approached Shiqing and gently let him lean on himself. 

"You have me, and I have you." 

"Well." 

When Qing raised a happy smile, "I have you good." 

"But my parents still have advantages. My mother grew up abroad and was more open-minded. My father asked me to live. As for the rest, there was no more." 

The school bully shrugged: "so I don't have to hide our affairs from them, and I'm not afraid that they will be angry." 

"I'm not afraid." 

The young man's soft smile, eyes full of tenderness, whispered: "my father has no time to be angry." 

Maybe he'll break his leg again. 

Maybe next time it could be the arm. 

And maybe, the arm and the leg. 

He will not appear in front of Shiqing, will not occupy the sight of Shiqing even for a second. 

The more they say, the closer they are, and the closer they are to each other. 

Shiqing found a bag of almonds from the schoolbag and leaned on Zhuo Jun's body. You and I were one by one. Everything was sweet. 

Seeing this scene from afar 

She looked at the pink bubbles around them, and really wanted to kneel for the two gods. 

This is on the playground!!! 

There are a group of people standing on the playground!! 

They're so naked! 

She felt like she was suffocating. 

Today is a parents' meeting. 

At ordinary times, even if not, most students will not think about such deep-seated problems as "my male classmate and my other male classmate are a pair". 

But parents are adults, ah, well-informed, in case they are found out what to do. 

Record demerit, drop out, gossip!! 

Tongxinyu broke her heart for her two male gods. 

But looking at the two people who are sweet and honey, she can't directly run to say, "I know you're together, but can you pay attention to your words and deeds? It's really easy to be found and dangerous"! 

She is anxious! 

She worries! 

She had nightmares about the discovery of the relationship between men and gods. 

But now, holding his own broken girl's heart, looking at Shiqing from afar, maybe feel tired, and don't mind sitting on the dirty flower bed, directly lying on Zhuo Jun's leg, comfortable in the sun. 

Lie down! 

Zhuo Jun left! 

On the legs!On the legs!!! 

Although this picture is very beautiful, yes. 

It seems that people can't help but have a little heart. It's right to pop and jump. 

But it's a playground! 

There are people all around! 

With a brain full of "lying trough lying trough lying trough" for a long time, the child heart rain finally found that he was a white tension. 

Around the students playing ball games, chatting, did not notice this side. 

Even if someone is passing by and sees it, they just glance at it and don't pay attention to it. 

Child heart rain carefully close to a few to know why. 

Holding such an aesthetic posture, Shi Qing is reciting the text with a tone that can't be loved. 

It's true. I can't love you. 

Even if they are intimate with each other. 

When one side is stumbling over the text while the other side is listening carefully, the senior high school students who are in the state of "I love learning, learning and loving me" will never think of anything else. 

When the rain passed, Shiqing just finished. 

He couldn't bear to sit up, hooked the young man's neck, eager to try: "here is a little sun, let's go to the shade and sit for a while." 

With that, he pointed to the far left side of the playground. 

There is a big tree over there. It is said that it was specially transplanted from the school when the school was built. Even if the two of them sit in the back, they can't be seen on the playground. 

Zhuo Jun didn't think much about it. He really thought that the lover felt sun drying. He agreed to get up with Shiqing after he agreed to come down. They went to the big tree together. 

The child heart rain looks at their back, feels that he is really the emperor is not anxious, eunuch is anxious. 

People are not stupid, of course, they will not be so exposed to the world. 

She patted her skull and thought she was really sick. 

The next half an hour, the rain strolled back to the classroom, sitting on the steps to play mobile phones. 

Her mother gave her her cell phone before she came into the classroom, so she could take a break. 

Playing and playing, the parents' meeting is over. 

The parents came out one after another. Tongxinyu came to the door and saw that his mother was talking to the old class, so he simply leaned on the railing and waited. 

As a result, the next second, looking at a very young beautiful sister stepped out on high heels. 

She was beautiful enough to be unforgettable at a glance. Her makeup was exquisite and her lips were slightly raised. 

Long and slender legs, foot on a pair of very high, high-heeled boots. 

In terms of height, it should be over 1.75 meters. 

From the gas field point of view, at least 2.7 meters. 

Tongxinyu just looked at it at random and was shocked. 

Beautiful sister came to her, slightly pick eyebrows, red lips also followed micro PICK: "classmate, are you a student of this class?" 

Childlike rain stupidly nods. 

"Do you know where Shiqing is? I'm his mother. " 

Children's heart rain Mom. 

Shiqing's mother is so young and beautiful. 

She quickly nodded: "Shiqing is in the playground." 

Enthusiastically pointed to that very obvious super tree: "I saw them go to that tree before, should be in the cool." 

Beautiful sister, ah no, beautiful aunt smiles at her again: 

"thank you." 

Then she went downstairs with her 2.7 meter aura and high-heeled boots. 

Children's heart rain is still in shock. 

After a few seconds of shock, she suddenly realized a problem. 

Shiqing is separated from Zhuo Jun!! 

Both of them can be tired of being crooked in class. What's the possibility of hiding behind a big tree that no one can see 

She was shocked all over her body, and her cold sweat came out. She went to the inspector's neck and looked in that direction. When she could not see it, she ran along the railing to the left. When she ran to the head, she could finally see what was happening behind the tree. 

Zhuo Junli seems to be leaning against the tree, when Qing fell on his shoulder, from this angle, she can only see the back of the head. 

In other words, Shiqing and Zhuo Jun are face to face, face to face. 

This position 

This action 

Is it the legendary 

The trees are thumping! 

Tongxinyu look down again, the gas field two meters eight when the mother has been in the direction of the big tree. 

It's over. I'm in trouble. 

Her brain was blank, and she turned and ran up the stairs. 

Pedaling down the stairs. 

She tried to run 800 meters, but just in time, my mother just walked to the uncle's less than half a meter away, so she made an emergency brake around her in front of her. 

"Shiqing, Shiqing, mom, no, auntie, wait a minute! Wait a minute, wait a minute 

Tongxinyu, wheezing and gasping, has exhausted all his life's energy and yelled loudly:"How nice your lipstick is! What brand is it? " 

She did her best. 

It's so loud that the gods can hear it. 

When one hand is on the tree and the other is on Zhuo Jun's shoulder, Qing hears the movement. When the young man hears that it is time for his mother to come, his face flashes with panic, and the corners of his mouth smile up. 

"Kiss me, or I won't get up." 

Zhuo Junli is really a little flustered. He is just a poor student now. Even if he has some means, if something goes wrong with Shiqing, he can't deal with Shiqing. 

Even when it's time to say that you have a bad relationship with your parents. 

That's his parents, too. 

If the other side asked him to transfer, he had no way. 

He also lowered the voice, under the consciousness of clenching the hand of Qing: "don't make trouble, your mother is coming." 

"Kiss it or rub it." 

The school bully is still not in a hurry or panic. He is determined not to achieve his goal: 

"we haven't kiss. If you don't kiss me today, don't mention my mother, even if the emperor comes, I won't get up." 

He urged: "kiss quickly, kiss quickly, kiss a surprise." 

Zhuo Jun left her long eyelashes and fluttered nervously. I didn't know whether it was because of nervousness or shyness. Her white cheek was stained with a trace of thin red. 

Worried that Qing's mother would come when she dragged on, he slowly approached her, and her lips fell gently on the cheek of the school bully. 

Can't hold people can only watch, mother with two meters eight gas field came to the tree behind the children's heart rain, looking at the scene in front of him:.... " 

She was stunned. 

Didn't her loud voice remind them of the couple!! 

"Auntie is not what you think. We are arranging that winter vacation drama, that sleeping beauty. You know, the dreamer has a kiss, They're rehearsing! " 

When she was beautiful, her mother's face was shocked and angry. She only looked at them with a smile. 

Tong Xinyu didn't notice that she was turning her head in an emergency, and then she found that: 

Shi Qing! Unexpectedly! Still holding Zhuo Jun to leave the hand! 

The one with ten fingers clasped!! 

Mom, she's crazy here. They're dragging their feet. 

You talk about underground love can have points! 

Then, she helplessly watched the school bully Da Fangfang raise and hold Zhuo Junli's hand: 

"Mom, introduce Zhuo Junli, my boyfriend." 

Tong Xinyu: 

When my mother was still like that, she came forward with a smile and looked at the beautiful young man whose face had been dyed red. Her eyes were full of satisfaction: 

"as you said to me before, you are a good child. My mother wishes you all." 

Zhuo Junli gradually improved from a stiff state. 

His eyes lit up a little bit, and he turned his head to see when he was clear. 

The school bully was still smiling and looked very unreliable. He held his hand and shook it: 

"it's all said. It's a surprise to kiss." 

Zhuo Jun from the whole person seems to relax, he looked at the lover, the lip angle also slightly cocked up. 

The air seemed to be filled with pink bubbles. 

Bai Cao Xin Yu feels that he has been forcibly stuffed with a sack of dog food 

After experiencing the ups and downs and then the ups and downs. 

She finally realized. 

She should be under the car. 

It's not supposed to be in the car.





 It was like a dream. Zhuo Junli was sitting opposite his mother, watching her stir the coffee on the table and boasting to him with red lips: 

"before his father and I thought, why did Shiqing's grades improve so fast? We all thought that there was something fishy about it. He had been counting down from childhood. If there was no one, how could he have achieved 

"We called to ask, the boy told the truth, said you are Xueba, good grades, with him to study, really a good child, Auntie must thank you." 

Zhuo Jun is still hesitant. 

When his mother saw his hesitation, did not ask. 

She looked at her son who was sitting beside Zhuo Jun, drinking clean coffee with an impatient face. 

Look at that domineering aura. 

Look at the way you can fight. 

Look at the way he grabs Zhuo Jun's slender white fingers after drinking coffee and plays with them in his hands. 

In my opinion, my son can't bear the loss. 

In fact, she came here to see if it was not the bastard who forced her to do it. 

As a result, I felt relieved. 

Although Zhuo Junli didn't speak much, he looked at his son's eyes, which was really sweet and greasy. 

She picked up her coffee and took a sip. "Mom, it doesn't interfere with you, but you both remember that sex can't happen until you're 18." 

Zhuo Jun's face turned red. 

It's rare that I didn't calm down again. I promised with a red face. 

On the other side, Shiqing frowned and looked unhappy, but holding her lover's tender hand, she didn't attack. She just leaned over to Zhuo Junli: 

"she didn't aim at us, didn't my mother grow up abroad? Foreign countries are relatively open. My grandmother Jinjiang is afraid that my mother will be affected, so she tells her every day what she can't do before she is 18, or she will be locked in a chain by a man named Shen He. " 

Zhuo Jun left red face and nodded to show understanding. 

In fact, he really didn't expect to be so long-term. The most important thing is that in his mind, only when he has achieved achievements can he be qualified to do something with Shiqing. 

When they were talking, my mother always looked at them. 

She nodded in her heart with satisfaction. 

No matter how you look at it, Zhuo Junli is the perfect son companion she once dreamed of. 

According to the information she inquired from the head teacher, Zhuo Junli is really good. 

Excellent performance, gentle temperament, hard work and reliable. 

Although the gender is not quite right, it matters. 

Anyway, their husband and wife make money because they like to work hard and want to leave it to their son. 

It doesn't matter if two men don't have children to inherit the family property. It's sad to have children who don't inherit. 

Met her son's boyfriend, when the mother looked down at her watch: "OK, I have a meeting in the evening, so I won't disturb you. Shiqing, since you all have boyfriends, think more about it before you do anything. If there is a conflict, please come to me at any time. Don't break up with a little thing like a child." 

"I'm not breaking up with him." 

School bully holding Zhuo Jun from the hand: "we agreed to go to the same university." 

When the mother's expression suddenly subtle up, she looked at her son, and then at Zhuo Jun Li, her face showed a look of desire to speak. 

"I remember, Junli was the first in grade, right?" 

Her eyes gradually dangerous down: "Shi Qing, you do not because of this relationship, let Jun Li and you together into the ordinary university, their head teacher told me that he can go to a university." 

"If you fall in love, as long as your grades don't decline and your mother doesn't interfere, but what kind of university you go to, it's almost as if you decided to leave your half life. You can't patronize yourself and don't think about him. It's irresponsible." 

When Qing tut. 

"Where are you going? I mean, I'm going to take the A-level." 

Shi's mother; " 

Her look was more subtle. 

Several seconds passed before nodding: 

"OK." 

"I haven't heard that a can spend money, but since you want to go in, let's try our best. Do you remember that Uncle Zhang? He had a relationship at a university. " 

School bully is a Leng first, then react to come over, rub of stand up: "Mom, what do you mean, I say is I take an examination of myself." 

"Mm-hmm, I believe you." 

When mom nodded perfunctorily, she picked up her small bag, looked down at her watch and stood up: 

"come on, you are the best, OK, mom won't make trouble with you, I really want to leave, Jun Li, you can watch the time clear, don't let him learn to be stupid, next week I and his father are free, we have a meal together." 

With that, she stepped on her high-heeled boots and left. 

When Qing still holds Zhuo Jun to leave the hand, has been looking at when the mother went out, that is always full of self-confidence on the face just showed a little "do not look carefully, can not see" grievance.School bully complained to Zhuo Junli: "she is so obvious that she doesn't believe me. What do you mean? Can't I take an A-test by myself?" 

Zhuo Jun left gently touched the back of his hand to comfort him, and his voice was warm and gentle: "there is still more than a year, the opportunity is still very big." 

"Even if you really can't pass the exam, B university can do it. In fact, it's almost the same." 

"That won't work." 

"The more you don't believe me, the more I want to pass the exam." 

The young man nodded with a smile and slowly pulled him to sit down. 

The two were close to each other. 

"I believe you can do it." 

Lovers' encouragement, private space, dim lights, these seem to turn into ambiguous atmosphere. 

A little sweet, around the two people. 

Shiqing contentedly cocked up the corner of his mouth, a pair of narrow eyes slightly narrowed, and slowly approached Zhuo Junli: 

"today's rest, we have a lot of time." 

Zhuo Junli obviously thinks so. 

He laughs a little complacent, which is very rare. 

"I'll show you a baby." 

Shi Qing also followed with a knowing smile, full of meaning: 

"must be a big baby." 

Then, he looked at Zhuo Jun from the pocket took out a piece of folded good paper. 

Shi Qing said: 

A little happy, the young man unfolded the paper and handed it to the stiff faced Xueba. 

On the top of it was: "winter vacation study schedule.". 

Zhuo Junli: "you see, this is my analysis of your current learning progress and your learning speed, which also describes your subject short board and how to overcome this short board, you are more suitable for teaching papers, as long as you do according to this schedule, after the winter vacation, your score can be improved to the top 10 at least." 

"Although it's not very high, it can at least keep up with the progress of the class. If we continue to work hard, University a still has hope. It's really not good. We can go to university B. in fact, we don't need to go to the best one." 

Shi Qing 

With his "enthusiastic" eyes, he stares at the schedule held down by the slender hand: 

"what a big one! Baby 

Zhuo Jun left his face a little red, but his eyes were bright and a little happy. 

"If you like it." 

"I like it. Of course I do." 

The school bully picked up the schedule and looked up and down: "my brother, if I want to go to the best school." 

"No, it's learning. It's coming." 

Then he added, "but you have to stay with me." 

Of course, Zhuo Junli will accompany Shiqing. 

Shi Qing lives by himself. This summer vacation, both of them are bored with each other. 

Learning. 

They were in one room for countless nights. 

Do it! Roll! Son! 

The light in the guest room has not been on, because Zhuo Jun left the room when sleeping. 

After all, every night before going to bed, they are nestled in a warm quilt. 

Often at this time, when Qing will turn on the air conditioning, wearing light and thin pajamas that can show beautiful ankles, the head occupies the arms of young people. 

Back! Class! Wen! 

In addition to touching his hands, kissing his cheek, rubbing the tip of his nose, he can drill into other people's arms when he sleeps. 

Nothing else. 

Zhuo Jun left but didn't feel that there was anything wrong with it. He was still learning by himself and tutoring Shi Qing at the same time. 

After the winter vacation, Shiqing's performance improved as expected. 

Then, he began to "torture" his younger brothers. 

During the winter vacation, the children were all in waves because of no supervision. Although the scores did not drop to the time before the make-up class, they were definitely not as good as before the holiday. 

Then, he was taught by the time. 

People want students to improve their grades. They are sincere and sincere. They can do it by hand at most. 

Shi Qing wants his younger brother to improve his performance and direct his fist. 

Will hold the resentment of a winter vacation all in their body vent out, the younger brothers suddenly feel, learning is how beautiful ah. 

At the bottom of the car, the rain of childlike innocence has given up for them to cover up. 

After all, she was desperate and gratified to find that it seemed that she was the only one around her who found something wrong. Everyone was blind to the love and all kinds of sweet interaction between Shiqing and Zhuo Junli. 

Seeing the third year of senior high school getting closer, she no longer indulged in male gods and began to study hard. 

Senior three is coming. 

This is a very special year. 

This year, several gangster students who robbed tongxinyu were forced by their parents to transfer. 

Then, they met Shi Qing, who moved his wrists and showed them a benevolent smile. 

Gangsters:.... "After that, even if they were killed, they didn't want to join Shiqing's "learning Legion". They were forced to learn with tears. 

The other kids are happy. 

After all, it's great to see people who are worse than themselves. 

They always feel that people have become more and more abnormal since their relationship with Zhuo Jun gets better. 

For teachers, it was the time to rein in the precipice. 

Become a not only their own school, but also with other students to study together. 

For Zhuo Junli's domestic violence father, it was a disastrous year, because he always broke his legs and hands in a fancy way. 

The college entrance examination is coming soon. 

The entrance of the examination room is almost crowded. 

Of course, these people are not students, but parents. 

The students are all in the exam. 

When taking the last exam, Shi Qing wrote very quickly, with firm eyes and focused eyes. 

Passing invigilator looked at him and nodded at the bottom of his heart. 

This must be a good student with excellent results. 

Very confident. 

My father and mother are waiting outside. 

Because driving is not allowed here, they packed a small shop across the street, drinking milk tea and waiting. 

His father didn't understand when he was very gentle. He was still wearing a suit and talking softly: 

"they were in the college entrance examination, and we couldn't help. Why should we wait outside?" 

"It's a tradition, students, parents and so on." 

When my mother was holding a straw in her mouth, her eyes were looking at the computer in front of her, and her hands were beating fast on the keyboard. She answered her husband with one heart and two purposes: 

"if we don't come to see our son's college entrance examination, he thinks we don't pay attention to him 

He thought we didn't value him 

He was silent for a few seconds, but he still couldn't help it: "then you can come by yourself. What do you want to do with me? You can't let me take anything. How boring I am sitting here now." 

When my mother stopped, she raised her eyebrows and looked at her husband: 

"Why are you always so thoughtless? Don't you know what happens when you leave home? How could his alcoholic father come to see him? You're here to play the role of his father. Do you understand? " 

When my father suddenly realized that he touched the spectacle frame in a gentle way. 

"Yes, I forgot about it. I did his father's broken leg this time." 

This time, the guy didn't know what to think. He even wanted to block Zhuo Jun from leaving the college entrance examination. 

Maybe it's because since Zhuo Junli grew up, he found that he could no longer control his son. Maybe it was because he didn't want to see Zhuo Junli, who had no feelings for him, was admitted to a good university and had a good future. 

When dad knew, he broke his leg again. 

Legs are broken, of course can't attend the college entrance examination to accompany the children. 

Even if it's not broken, he can't accompany him. 

"Boss, boss." 

A bodyguard with a height of at least 1.9 meters, very strong, muscular, and wearing black and sunglasses came. 

He came very well in the crowd. 

When he arrived, Dad followed him and put the notebook in front of him, "here comes your computer, boss." 

"OK, thank you." 

When Dad gently smile, turn on the computer, also began to work. 

Tong Xinyu's father and mother took a small stool and sat under the tree. Just now, Tong's mother was attracted by the frightening bodyguard. She kept looking at him. She saw him enter the shop and stood up to have a look. 

"Mom, one, two, three, four, five bodyguards, who are these people?" 

Father Tong was sitting on the bench with a fan: 

"who do you care about? Anyway, it must be the parents who come to accompany their children in the college entrance examination." 

"Yes, I don't know how Xinyu did." 

Tong's father: "it should be. Didn't she say she wanted to go to a university? I'm not sure she'll say that? " 

Tong's mother: "how can I remember what she said was that she wanted to go to a university because she wanted to continue to eat dog food. Lao Tong, did you starve her when I was on a business trip? How could the child want to eat dog food?" 

"No, I'm good to eat and serve. Besides, we don't have a dog." 

"Is the child under too much pressure and has something wrong? I didn't have time to ask today, why don't you ask?" 

"How can I ask? I didn't hear you clearly. It's driving." 

Two people are free to quarrel, parents in front of suddenly began to surge. 

"Come out, come out!" 

"Some students are coming out." 

Zhuo Jun left after standing in the banner, did not go outside, he did not wait for a while, when Qing came. 

With a smile on his face, the youth stepped forward to meet him. 

School bully put on his shoulder, eyes full of can't wait to call his mother."Out?" 

In the small shop, when my mother answered the phone, "your father and I are waiting for you here." 

"Oh, well, OK, it's just that I'll go out with your dad tonight." 

When my father heard the news, he stopped his keyboard tapping hand, lifted the spectacle frame, waited for his wife to hang up the phone and asked: 

"why? They're not coming? " 

"No, come here." 

"Today is Shiqing's 18th birthday. He and Zhuo Jun left the hotel." 

When the father frowned: 

"this child is always like this. He is always in a hurry to do anything. At least he has to eat the cake." 

"Come on, don't waste your time. Come on, come out and have dinner with me. What are you doing?" 

My father pressed "send" on his mobile phone. 

On the child's gentle smile, I remember 

"Yes, it's a reminder. By the way, you let them go to the hotel I bought last month, and the hotel has reserved rooms for them." 

When dad finished, the couple left together. 

There are bodyguards all over the place. 

Time Qing can't wait to pull Zhuo Jun to leave the hotel. 

All the way, the young people were blushing. 

In order not to distract himself before, he never went to understand this kind of thing in detail. 

When I was in the car, I started to check the information with my mobile phone while I was blushing. 

School bully saw, close to his ear, low and long voice: "don't look, to I teach you." 

Zhuo Jun blushed even more. 

When I arrived at the hotel, I went to take a bath. 

[all, order songs. ] 

the system appears: [host, what song do you want? ] 

Shi Qing: [for that song, I've been waiting for a long time. Finally, today, there's this lyric. ] 

the dedicated system started singing immediately. 

It's time to wash. 

Then he let Zhuo Jun leave to wash. 

Zhuo Jun was a little nervous when he left the washing room. 

In order to make him not nervous, Shi Qing opened the curtain of the bathroom to encourage and comfort him. 

Just don't know why, he seems more nervous. 

Then, in order to keep him from being nervous, he cleared the light outside. 

His intention was to wait until everything was done before turning on the lights. 

I didn't expect that until the next day, when the light was sprinkled into the room through the French windows, there was no light in the house. 

The system has hit a wall several times. 

Now, he tried to get out carefully. He was relieved when he didn't see the mosaic. 

Then it sees its host lying on the bed with a complicated face. 

Complexity means that one side is satisfied and the other side is distressed. 

The system is so scared that it asks, "what's wrong with you, host? ] 

time clear: [ All, I'm not very good. ] 

System: [don't be afraid of the host, I can give you a golden finger. ] 

Shi Qing: [forget it, I have already experienced your golden finger. ] 

Shi Qing: [but why is there no treadmill in this room. ] 

System: [? ] 

Shi Qing: [well, there are only French windows. ] 

System: [?? ] 

Shi Qing: [of course, I don't mean it's bad, but it's a little cold. ] 

Shi Qing: [it's a pity that I'm just an ordinary person. Although my spirit is still very active, my body can't hold on. ] 

System: [???)??? ] 

Shi Qing: "Achoo!" 

The door pushed open from the outside, to get breakfast from Zhuo Jun left, when he came in, he heard the sneezing sound of Shiqing. He quickly put down the meal and sat carefully by the bed. 

"Did you catch a cold?" 

"A little bit." 

When Qing looked at the young man with a guilty face, he stretched out his hand to touch his forehead, and waved his hand carelessly: "it's OK. It's OK to have a sleep tonight." 

Zhuo Jun left but still very guilty: "all blame me." 

"How can I blame you? I took you to the window." 

"This design is really good, our future home, on the installation of such a bar." 

Zhuo Jun left his face even redder. 

He gently massaged the back of his wife's head and said, "OK." 

"And the treadmill you said last night, I'll remember that too." 

Shi Qing closed his eyes and began to feel better. 

In this happy holiday without learning, Zhuo Junli started his business. 

In his first year of college, he bought a house for two people. 

In the second year of college, he bought a house with a swimming pool without any teacher. 

In his third year of college, he didn't want to buy a car. He bought a car that could move inside but would not shake outside.After graduation, Shi Qing still parachuted to his father's company. 

The second year after graduation, he and Zhuo Junli had been invited to dinner together. 

The two married in the third year after graduation. 

You can't get a certificate in China, but you can have a wedding. 

Tong Xinyu appeared as a classmate. 

She sat in her classmate's seat and listened to the murmurs of the students next to her. 

"I can see that Zhuo Jun left and when Qing is not right, just because they have no intimate action, so they don't think much about it." 

At the beginning, the gangsters are also successful students: "you don't know it's normal, when brother and Zhuo Jun leave are insidious, they want to hide things, you can still know?" 

"But I have to bless them. Really, I feel that the luckiest thing in my life is to meet them. Otherwise, how could I be today?" 

Similarly, later admitted to a university younger brother: "yes, I really have to thank Shige. He is really a good man, but I don't know if they were together in high school or university. It should be a university." 

"I also think it should be university. They didn't show anything in high school." 

Tong Xinyu: ha ha. 

Flower bed hot leg, after class on the shoulder, touch hands in class, when the whole person is hanging on Zhuo Jun, OK. 

It doesn't reveal anything. 

A bunch of blind people. 

Next to her, her husband made a good crab for her and put it into her bowl: "heart rain, eat crabs." 

Childlike rain came to him and kissed him on the face, "thank you, dear." 

The two began to eat crabs in love. 

When Qing and Zhuo Jun left the wedding is not much sensation. 

Maybe because they are not public figures. 

When they were 30 years old, Zhuo Junli was on the rich list, and an entertainment number forwarded his photo. It was only then that he was discovered that he was a handsome young man who started from scratch. 

A large number of fans settled in. 

Entertainment number also ate a wave of traffic, tasted the sweet, and began to tap this handsome rich man. 

Then they dug out the time. 

Fans on both sides began to argue about who can be called the first handsome guy in the rich world. 

Until two people hang up wedding photos at the same time, indicating that they are partners. 

Fans: 

Mom!!! 

Zhuo Junli and Shiqing do not show up in public, but their names are always floating in the lake. 

I only know that they are high school students, college students, the third year after graduation from university held a wedding. 

A person familiar with the matter once said that Shi Qing's picture was actually exploded when he took over the company, but it was revoked by the above request within three hours at that time. 

The same is true of Zhuo Junli. 

However, there was an employee who worked in Shijia company. Zhuo Junli often came to see Shi Zong. Others looked very gentle, but he was very picky about the people around him. 

Like secretaries. 

They may be the only secretary who is the boss of a middle-aged bald uncle. 

In order to show fairness, Zhuo Jun left the secretary with a bald uncle. 

Then, the reputation of his vinegar King began to spread in the rivers and lakes. 

People only know that Zhuo Junli is a very gentle person. He seldom gets angry and uses his resources for the sake of time and Qing Dynasty. 

For example, when Shi Qing was 30 years old, a female star took a picture of him at the dinner party and said some specious words in order to get warm. 

After that, Zhuo Junli bought her entertainment company. 

As a result, the star did not appear on the screen until his contract expired. 

He proved it with his actions. 

Good looking, gentle temperament does not mean good temper. 

Shiqing is a playful person. Unlike his workaholic parents, he prefers to leave the company to others and play happily. 

Zhuo Junli retired at the age of 43 to accompany him. 

Put down your work and go sightseeing with him. 

It was not announced at the time of their death, or after their death, when all their property was donated to charity, the outside world knew that they had passed away. 

The only thing that can be confirmed is that they chose to cremate. 

And it was cremated together. 

[congratulations to the host for completing the task: Please select, 1, rest, 2, continue to complete the task. ] 

Shi Qing lies on the reclining chair: [1111] 

[Ding! Please be ready to jump into the holiday world, the holiday world. ] 

when he opened his eyes, he saw a man kneeling in front of him. He was dressed like a dog, but his words were not so good. 

He was saying, "my Lord, as long as you can let me know where my mother received the jade bracelet, I will exchange the rest of my mother's life!" 

Shiqing squints slightly and takes a quick look at the memory in the brain.His identity in this world belongs to the great devil, will deliberately lure people to exchange precious things for another thing, but he has a rule, that is, do not exchange money. 

The man at the bottom is trying to trade his mother's life for that jade bracelet. 

The man is still saying: "although my mother is a vegetable now, but her life must still have, adult, you can help me, now I am in debt of gambling, my mother lives alone, and now she has no way to tell me where the bracelet is. I have to take that bracelet to be rich!" 

Shi Qing leaned back and looked at the fate line of the man in front of him and raised his eyebrow: "your mother's life span is only her own. You want bracelets, and you can exchange them with your own things." 

The man froze. 

This is totally different from what he heard. 

But he was so anxious, "what can I do for it?" 

"Let me see." 

Shi Qing looked at him up and down, his eyes showed disdain: "you have no conscience, you are not good-looking, people are not diligent, and your body bone is so bad because you suck Du, your character is even weaker. In order to gamble, you pushed your mother down the stairs. There is nothing for me to change." 

"Yes! Yes 

A man heard, more anxious: "I must have, you do not help me, I am finished!" 

"All right, but you can't change the bracelet directly. You can change it with your voice." 

"Voice..." 

The man thought of the debt collectors outside, gritted his teeth and nodded: "good! Voice! My Lord, what can I change for my voice 

"Your mother had a cat, didn't she?" 

Shi Qing yawned. 

The man thought for a while: "it seems that she has a cat, which is given to her by her friend." 

"What kind do you remember?" 

"Remember! Remember! French blue cat 

"Since you sold your family property and left, your mother has only lived with this cat. She knows where the bracelet is. You can use your voice to understand the cat's voice. However, your voice is too hard to hear because of tobacco and alcohol. You can only choose it by yourself." 

Man: "I change!! I'll change it 

The bracelet was said by his mother to be worth millions, but because it was given by his dead father, she said she would not sell anything for him to gamble. 

He even hid the bracelets. 

When he was pressing questions, he pushed her downstairs in a hurry. 

When he thought of having this bracelet, he could not only pay off the gambling debts, but also turn over the salted fish. His eyes were full of hope. 

"Good." 

Shi Qing stretched out his hand and gave him a piece of paper: "sign your name, your voice, in order to hear your mother's French blue cat say a word." 

"When you finish asking the cat question, you will lose your voice, but never mind, it will tell you what you want to know." 

The man can't wait to sign, and he can't care about anything else. He turns around and pushes the door out. 

When I open my eyes again, I will be in the place where my mother lives. 

He opened the door and saw the cat. 

Shi Qing was sitting on the beam of the house, swinging his legs, humming, looking at the man and the cat face to face in a good mood. 

"Come on, tell me where my mother's bracelet is." 

The cat opens its mouth: 

"@ @ #ා￥ ￥ @% & ා" 

a man who doesn't understand a word: 

He wanted to continue to ask, but found that he could not make any voice. 

When Qing satisfied to see that man hoarse voice, face dejected to leave, this just lightly jumped off the ground, the cat in his arms, touched its head. 

"Good boy." 

"Good French."



Arc 5: I'm the Demon King

 Shiqing walked in the street with the cat in his arms. He was beautiful. He was wearing a small black cloak, which just fell on the ankle. There were beautiful flowers embroidered on it, and it floated with the owner's walking. 

When he came to a window, he stopped and looked at himself. 

It's early autumn. Some passers-by are wearing overcoats, some are wearing jeans, and some of them are wearing autumn trousers. 

But no one is like Shi Qing, dressed like a filmmaker. 

But they couldn't see him. No one jumped out to take pictures. 

The system, tell me, what's the difference between the vacation world and the mission world? ] 

[of course. ] The system pops up: "the host doesn't find out, is your appearance in this world your original appearance? ] 

Shi Qing found that the face on the glass was exactly his original appearance. 

Slender body, beautiful facial features, eyebrows and eyes as if always with a bit of elegance. 

It's just not short hair. The long black hair is tied up by a jade crown, and the rest of it is scattered and criticized. It just makes this face a bit more demonic. 

He raised his hand and looked at himself in the glass. His slender fingers fell slowly on his cheek. The demon king in the glass slightly raised his lips. 

It's even more sinister. 

The system carefully reminds Shi Qing: "the host, the vacation world, don't care about the people. You don't have to make yourself look like a villain. ] 

when you pick up your eyebrows, you just hook your lips, smile and tilt your head: "who told you, I'm not a bad guy? ] 

System: [ ] 

Shi Qing slowly dropped his hand and touched the cat in his arms: [OK, what's the situation in the world. ] 

System: 

Always feel like the host itself is the devil. 

It began to transmit the memory with trepidation. 

Because the world is a holiday world, there is no plot content, but there are more important character profiles. 

For example, Shi Qing is a great demon. He is cold-blooded and merciless. His greatest pleasure is to take away the things people cherish most and watch them collapse and despair. 

His favorite thing is to destroy all kinds of feelings. 

Friendship, love, kinship. 

What he can't see most is people's happiness, and his favorite thing is to destroy it. 

For example, the man who pushed his own mother downstairs before, the demon king was jealous of his mother's maternal love for him, so he just bit by bit lured him to trade with his mother. 

The demon king also has enemies. His birth is mainly because there are too many evil ideas and negative energy in this world, so he appeared. 

But as long as the devil wants, he can live forever, so no one can really deal with him at present. 

Although he was called the devil king in the west, it was still in the East. His opponent did not call him the devil, but called him the devil. 

The setting here is a bit like a hodgepodge. There are prefectures and monks. The opponent of the demon king is the monk. 

The underworld couldn't beat him and couldn't control him. 

In fact, the monks have not been able to fight against the underworld, but the reason why they are enemies of the demon king is that their idea is to save the common people, which naturally includes the victims who are lured by the devil to lose everything. 

The demon king didn't bother to argue with them. He was addicted to various kinds of family destruction and death. When he found that ordinary human beings were no longer fun, his thoughts suddenly turned to the monks. 

Think about it, if you can seduce a pure minded, one-sided Taoist, that would be fun. 

When the system finished transmitting, he said cautiously, "host, this is your identity. How do you feel? ] 

then open your eyes, the fundus of your eyes flashes red and blinks gently: [good, good. ] 

[that is to say, I am going to seduce the monks now? ] 

System: [no, no, host, this is the vacation world, you don't have to follow the human set. ] 

Shi Qing: [but don't you think it's fun to seduce monks? ] 

System: [ ] 

Shi Qing: [think about it, a pure minded monk who was seduced by me and gradually degenerated. ] 

System: [ ] 

Shi Qing: [I can't wait. Please tell me who the monk is. ] 

when the system is full of data question marks, it is carefully transmitted. 

Monk Qing. 

An orphan was thrown under the mountain gate when he was born. His master picked him up and became a Taoist. 

It may be because he grew up in Taoism. Meng Qing was devoted to Taoism, fame and wealth. He didn't pay attention to him. He studied Taoism. From childhood to adulthood, he didn't even touch a girl's hand. 

He is twenty years old, but he is so pure that he can blush when he hears other people talking about bed matters. He is even more ancient than ancient people. 

Before that, he had been trying to help those who had been lured by the devil.When he finished reading, he raised his eyebrows slightly? ] 

System: [good looking is good looking ] 

Shi Qing: [just look good. ] 

System: [???)??? Ah? Ah, host, where are you going? ] 

the devil king is a collection of all kinds of resentment in the world. If there is resentment, he can get there by lifting his feet. 

Resentment is a kind of resentment. If you don't eat enough, if you don't sleep well, you will feel resentful even if you have a cold. 

It is not so much that he can come to the place where there is resentment, but rather that he can come wherever there are people. 

There are so many Taoists, big and small, living in the halal temple. Of course, it is impossible to have no resentment at all. 

The devil's shoes fell on the front of the halal temple. 

There are also some ordinary people walking around. 

When you close your eyes, the scene in front of you is no longer a group of people walking around, but wisps of smoke floating. 

The special skill of the demon king can see the energy of a person. 

This skill is more convenient for him to attract. 

In the numerous gray, green and even black smog, a wisp of white smoke is mixed in it. He is the only one who is completely white in such a big view of halal, which makes Shiqing feel a little pathetic. 

When Qing so cocked up the corner of his mouth, closed his eyes and raised his feet. 

When I opened it again, I was in front of a room. 

He breathed forward, and the door opened slowly without a sound. 

The devil fell silent and walked in slowly. 

Behind him, the door slowly closed again. 

When he came to the bedside, he could see a young man sleeping on the bed. His eyes were closed, his face was reddish. It was early autumn, but his forehead was covered with tiny beads of sweat. His lips grew slightly and his eyebrows wrinkled. 

"I'm sick." 

The devil opened his mouth, his voice was low, a little hoarse, with an unspeakable charm. 

The youth on the bed did not hear his words, still slightly frowned, struggling with the pain in his sleep. 

When Qing slowly stretched out his hand and fell on Meng Qing's forehead. 

In just a few seconds, the young Taoist priest's locked eyebrows were stretched out, his uncomfortable expression turned to peace, and his breath was deep and even. 

Shi Qing laughed and deliberately reached the Taoist priest's ear. His lips fell on one side and whispered through the air: 

"I'll help you recover. You need to exchange things." 

The young man in his sleep suddenly opened his eyes, and his eyes, which seemed a little round because of their wide opening, were staring at the demon king. 

See him wake up, the demon king smile more sweet, slowly close to the face of white jade youth in front of his eyes, and his eyes to the eyes, face to face. 

He opened his lips slightly and called out in a long voice: "little Taoist..." 

"You are awake." 

Meng Qing: 

Face to face with this almost perfect to completely flawless face, the young Taoist priest's face was almost visible to the naked eye, and even his neck was slightly red. 

He finally responded. He suddenly got up with a red face and hid himself in the corner of the bed. His face was bewildered and helpless. He looked pitiful. 

"You, you, you, who are you?" 

Looking at the Taoist priest who is nervous to stammer, but still trying to maintain his shock, Shi Qing becomes more vicious. He goes straight to bed and approaches the young Taoist priest in the corner who wants to shrink himself into a group. 

"What are you hiding from? Haven't you been looking for me before?" 

Meng Qing looked at the evil spirit in front of her, but she had a face that people couldn't bear to feel evil after seeing it. Her face turned red inexplicably. 

He hugged his knees and squeezed into the corner. He quickly lowered his eyes and tried to calm himself down with the beating heart. 

The little Taoist took a deep breath and did not dare to look at the face again, so he lowered his eyes and replied, "Shanxin is joking. I have never seen you before. How could I want to look for you?" 

"Can't you find it if you haven't seen it?" 

When Qinggu didn't pay attention to the other party's stiff and evasive appearance, he got closer. He sniffed a little, and suddenly came a sentence: 

"you are so fragrant." 

"Little Taoist, aren't you a man? It's more fragrant than some girls. " 

"I, I..." 

Meng Qing's face is even more red. He grew up in the mountain gate and always keeps the etiquette with people. When he meets Shi Shi Qing, he says that people are fragrant at first. Now he just doesn't know what to say. 

After holding it for a long time, I blurted out: 

"the soap used by my brothers and sisters is the same brand. If Shanxin likes it, I can tell you the name." 

"That's not what I'm talking about." 

Shi Qing laughed. He slowly took Meng Qing's hand and felt the little Taoist's body shake suddenly. He leaned forward and leaned forward. On the cheek of the young Taoist priest who was so nervous that he kept blinking, he sniffed up and down through the air"Your fragrance comes from your soul." 

"They don't have one." 

The young Taoist priest tried hard to pull back his hand, but I don't know why. He was considered to be a high Taoist among his peers, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't pull back the hand he held in Shiqing's hand. 

He can only blush, feel the strange man firmly grasp his hand, blush as if to drip blood. 

"Good faith, please let go." 

"Not at all." 

Shi Qing held his hand and dropped the white, slender and stained hands on his lapel: 

"what do you feel, little Taoist?" 

Meng Qing, who had never been so intimate with people, was about to jump out of her heart. 

He didn't want to feel anything. He just took his hand back: "good faith, please let go. It's against etiquette." 

"If you don't let go, I'll call someone..." 

The voice of the young Taoist priest suddenly stopped. He looked at Shiqing, who was smiling at him, hesitated and moved his hand on the other side's lapel. 

"You You don't have a heartbeat! " 

Meng Qing suddenly took back his hand as if he had been scalded. His eyes were clear. He quickly turned over and reached the pillow. He took out a charm from it. 

The expression of shame and embarrassment on his face turned to fierce, and his eyebrows wrinkled fiercely. The charm was directed to Shi Qing and looked at him with vigilance: 

"monster! How dare you break into the halal temple 

The expression on Shi Qing's face was not afraid at all. He even slowly lay down with his right hand supporting his hair. A really evil face was full of laughter: 

"is it a monster without heartbeat?" 

"Little Taoist, your master didn't teach you. Isn't it just demons who don't have heartbeat?" 

Meng Qing is no longer as weak and easy to bully as he was just now. After confirming that the beauty in front of him is a demon, he immediately finds an explanation for his reaction in the bottom of his heart. 

Demons generally bewitch people. He blushed and heartbeat just now. He must have been bewitched! 

That's right! this is it! 

The young Taoist priest's face was more resolute, and his words were very hard: 

"this is the halal temple, not a place for you to indulge! If you don't leave, I'm not welcome! " 

"Good." 

Shi Qing was still looking forward to it. He stretched out his voice and slowly lay down on Meng Qing's bed with his head on his pillow. He had already regarded this place as his own territory. 

"Come on, you are not polite to me. Let me see." 

"You 

Meng Qing didn't go down the mountain with other elder martial brothers before, but there were so many demons, none of them was like Shi Qing, who was not afraid of their halal view at all. 

He was angry and inexplicable, and felt that he had been looked down upon. He reached out his hand and was about to hit the charm on his hand. 

But the charm fell in front of Shiqing, but he held out his hand. 

The power can also be regarded as a great charm, lightly falling in the palm of the devil's palm, as good as the kitten. 

Meng Qing: 

It's impossible. It's the best charm he's ever drawn. 

"Little Taoist, do you have any other moves? No, I'm going to bed. " 

Meng Qing was more angry by the evil king's cheap tone. 

He gritted his teeth: "you wait!" 

After that, he turned around and ran to the side of the box where he had put the mantra. He found out the one given by the master. He felt it a little reluctant. He picked up his wooden sword hanging on the wall. Several moves, he took the charm and used it on the yawning monster on the bed. 

Once again, the charm fell quietly, without any effect. 

"How could..." 

From childhood to adulthood, the young Taoist priest, who had seen many powerful charms, fell into a trance and couldn't believe that he was playing with his own charm. 

"I told you, I'm not a demon, you take to deal with the demon thing against me, useful only strange." 

When Qing turned over, Meng Qing leaned closer. His eyes were full of enchantment. His white fingertips pointed at him and slightly hooked. 

"When you've had enough, come up and squint with me." 

How could a Taoist sleep with a demon. 

Meng Qing hesitated to look at the king of the bed, the foot back a step, and then turned to run. 

"-" 

he bumped into the invisible border, which didn't hurt, but had strong elasticity, so he was bounced back. 

As soon as he fell on the bed, he was immediately hugged by Shiqing from behind, and rolled into the comfortable quilt with him. 

The young Taoist priest felt the hot temperature behind him, and his face became more red. He tried to struggle to open it. But for some reason, the monster behind him just gently waved his hand, and he was entangled with an invisible force. No matter how hard he tried, he couldn't get rid of it."Monster! You let me go! This is the halal temple. If you dare to attack me, my master will not let you go! " 

"Your master? That's the one with a big beard and a little guts than a mouse? " 

Meng Qing struggled even harder: "you are not allowed to slander my master. My master's Taoism is profound. If you break into the halal temple, he finds out that you must die!" 

"Your master won't kill me if you don't kill." 

Shi Qing reached the Taoist priest's ear and lowered his voice. He said in a soft voice: 

"and he can't kill me." 

"Little Taoist, didn't you always run after me? Now that I'm here, why are you hiding 

Maybe it's because he talks in his own ear. Even if he doesn't get it, the breath sprayed over makes people feel uncomfortable. The young Taoist priest's face is even redder: 

"when did I run after you?" 

"No?" 

Time Qing slowly let go of the shackles of Meng Qing's power. 

Meng Qing was so happy that she was about to get up. However, she found that she was clearly conscious, but could not move at all. She could only keep her original posture and lie on the bed. 

He felt that his body had been moved over, from his back to Shiqing, into lying on his back on the bed, above, the monster who looked at how the demon was smiling. 

The genie stretched out his hand and, like playing with something fun, pressed his white fingertip gently on his chin: 

"did you forget? How many good things have you ruined me? It's like the last time that man was willing to trade his conscience for a chance to win the lottery. If you hadn't blocked it, the deal would have been a deal. " 

Shi Qing looked at the young Taoist priest whose pupils suddenly tightened after hearing his words. He was more happy with his smile: 

"why? Do you remember? " 

Meng Qing stares at Shiqing: "it's you! You are the devil 

"Don't always be a monster. It's impolite." 

When Qing slowly lying on the young Taoist priest's lapel, relying on him can not move, a pinch of his nose. 

"Call me Shiqing, or Lord devil, whatever you want." 

Meng Qing: devil 

"So stubborn." 

The Demon Lord was not angry, but slowly climbed up to the top, slightly lowered his body, looked at the young Taoist priest's red lips, and a red light flashed in his eyes. 

"I heard that you grew up in the halal temple when you were young, and you didn't contact outsiders. In other words, you are here..." 

Under Meng Qing's nervous sight, he pointed his chin with his finger: "am I the first to touch it?" 

Shi Qing offered a friendly proposal: 

"ah, little Taoist, have you ever been kiss? Why don't I help you and let you feel what it's like?" 

He said, smiling and pressing down slowly. 

Demon King deliberately slowed down the action, a little bit, let his face, pressure to Meng Qing direction. 

It's close. 

Closer. 

The last centimeter can be touched with just a little movement. 

"Shiqing!" 

The young Taoist priest finally called out the name. When he saw the demon rising slowly from his body with a proud smile, he realized that he had compromised with a demon, and his anger in his eyes became more serious. 

He closed his eyes tightly and decided not to be cheated. He just closed his eyes and said firmly: 

"if you want to kill me, please do as you please. Even if I die under you, my master will surely help me to revenge!" 

With that, he began to mutter the Tao Te Ching. 

"What are you doing? You've been chasing me for so long, don't you know I never kill people?" 

When Qing turned over and lay down beside Meng Qing: "you don't know, that man came to me again. This time, he changed his voice." 

Meng Qing's voice of chanting sutras had already disturbed his mind. 

Shi Qing continued: "he wanted to exchange his mother's life at the beginning, but I didn't want it. It's just the voice." 

"Tell me, is it worth your efforts to help such a man?" 

The young Taoist took a breath: 

"they were just seduced by you." 

"Seduced by me? I didn't find him when he pushed his mother downstairs 

Meng Qing couldn't say anything to refute. 

Shi Qing's hand fell on the young Taoist priest. 

It's early autumn. Meng Qing is wearing a Taoist suit. When she sleeps, she wears a middle coat. The advantage of this kind of clothing is that it's breathable and comfortable. The disadvantage is that as long as the people nearby want to, they can put their hands along the inner cloth. 

Now, the devil's hand is on the verge of reaching in. 

When Qing can feel, Meng Qing's heartbeat is very fast. 

I don't know whether it's nervous or afraid. In short, he can't see it on his face. 

Shi Qing: "you like to save people, which is very good, but sometimes you have to find out whether you want to save people in the end or not."Meng Qing gnawed his teeth: "he is wrong to harm others, you are wrong to harm people." 

"Did I harm people? Who said I hurt people? " 

"They are willing to exchange, I'll give it to them forever. I haven't forced them to exchange with me. The silver and goods are paid off. What will happen to them after that? It's none of my business." 

"Doggerel!" 

The young Taoist priest opened his mouth and closed his mouth. He could only say: "in a word, everyone has his own life. You should not interfere with them." 

"I interfere with them because they feel pain." 

Shi Qing's hand drew a circle on Meng Qing's clothes, with a pair of charming eyes, and looked up at the young Taoist priest whose face was always red: 

"I'm doing good deeds, Taoist priest." 

"As a devil, I'm always fair. People don't want to trade with me. I'm sure I won't force them. Every deal I make is done voluntarily by both sides." 

Said, when the Qing hand, out of thin air out of a piece of paper. 

"Well, little Taoist, it's time for you to sign." 

"I helped you get rid of your cold before. It's time for you to exchange things." 

Meng Qing: Aren't you willing to make every deal? I'm not going to change it with you. I'm not going to change it! " 

"Yes, both sides are willing." 

"Except you." 

When Qing smile happy, is a hand, a inkpad appears in his palm. 

Smiling, the big devil took the young Taoist's hand, pressed the inkpad on his index finger, pulled his index finger and dropped it on the paper. 

The fingerprints fell, the deed took effect, and slowly disappeared in front of them. 

"All right." 

Shi Qing, who was comfortable and comfortable, got into Meng Qing's arms, took his hand and let him put it on his lapel. He felt the heartbeat gradually from silent to slowly ringing. 

"Little Taoist, you are mine."





 When it was time for Zhenglin high school to go to class, some young students with schoolbags on their back noticed the two men sitting outside the milk tea shop opposite the school gate. 

Both of them have black hair, and they are also wide shoulders, narrow waist and long legs. They are both very beautiful and attractive. 

The most attractive thing is that they have the opposite temperament. 

A wanton evil spirit, wearing sunglasses, chewing gum in his mouth, in a good mood. 

The other sat upright, with a pretty face frowning, and looked at the people around him with a friendly and clear vision. 

When Qing cut a handsome hairstyle, two long legs directly up in Gui Gui's whole sitting Meng Qing's legs, body crooked leaning against the chair. 

Seeing the young Taoist priest glaring at him, he raised his eyebrow and took off his sunglasses. 

"Pay attention to your attitude, little Taoist. Now I am your master." 

"You are not!" 

Meng Qing more angry, eyes full of not accept: "I did not promise to sign a contract with you." 

"I don't care." 

The devil willful will wear sunglasses back: "anyway, the contract has been reached, you have been my people." 

"Until you die, you belong to me." 

When did Meng Qing, who had received positive energy education since childhood, ever seen such a brazen person? She blushed and opened her mouth, but she didn't know what to say. 

Shiqing teased him: "do you want to scold me? Come on, scold me. I'm listening 

Meng Qing clenched her teeth and held it for a long time and said: 

"devil!" 

"What kind of swearing is this? I'll listen to your abusive words." 

Meng Qing almost didn't faint. He glared at him angrily. He turned his head and looked at the other side, facing him with the back of his head. 

Shi Qing: "angry?" 

Shi Qing: "the gas is so small." 

Shi Qing: "Hello, little Taoist, how can you not look at me when the master talks to you?" 

Meng Qing drooped his eyes and tried to get rid of other thoughts and began to recite the Tao Te Ching. 

Shi Qing: "don't you want to know why I'm looking for you?" 

Meng Qing: No, No. 

Shi Qing: "don't you really want to know? You'll follow me all your life. " 

Meng Qing: Taoist recites the Sutra. 

Seeing that he was clearly planning to ignore himself, the devil swayed his legs on others: 

"in this case, I won't tell you that you and I are made for each other." 

The young Taoist priest's chanting stopped. 

He turned his head in disbelief, widened his eyes and looked at Shiqing: "what do you say?" 

"Oh, pay attention to me?" 

The handsome man in sunglasses leaned back: "don't you want to hear it?" 

Meng Qing suspiciously looked up and down when Qing, suddenly a loose eyebrow. 

"You must have cheated me." 

"How could you and me be Taoist?" 

When clear pick eyebrow: "how impossible." 

"And you're not a Taoist. You're just raised by a Taoist and learned Daoism." 

"I am a Taoist." 

The young Taoist priest retorted: "I've been a teacher since I was a child. How come I'm not a Taoist?" 

"Well, you are a Taoist. Do you have a certificate?" 

Meng Qing was silent. 

Shi Qing continued: "Dao Sheng Zheng, do you have it?" 

Meng Qing paused for a long time, then hesitated: "I am too young, until I am a few years older..." 

"Come on." The devil interrupted his words impolitely: "sixteen or seventeen years old can get a certificate, you are still small in twenty this year." 

"Admit it, Zhengxing. Although he has always been timid, the old man's Taoist method is quite good. He can barely enter the profession by means of calculation. It is not because you and I are made for each other." 

"You're talking nonsense!" 

The young Taoist priest's ears were red: "you, you are a man, and I am a man, how can you..." 

"Why not?" "Do you still discriminate against homosexual love? What about the equality of all living beings? " 

In fact, Meng Qing had never touched on this topic before. 

But now he was determined to refute Shi Qing, and he said, "men are born with Yang, women are born with Yin. The balance of yin and Yang is the right way." 

"If you have to say that, then I also say that heterosexual is born with Yang, and homosexuality is born with Yin. Balance of similarities and differences is the right way." 

When Qing finished, he put down his legs, got up and sat down beside Meng Qing, feeling his stiff escape. 

"Little Taoist, you can't say it to me. This is life. You have to admit it." 

The young Taoist priest tensely pursed his lips: "I don't like homosexuality. You've found the wrong person.""If you don't like the same sex, you like the opposite sex?" The devil was smiling and not angry at all. Instead, he put his hand on the Taoist priest's shoulder and took off his sunglasses. His eyes were full of smile: 

"as long as you say who you like, I will immediately terminate the contract and leave without any delay." 

Where did Meng Qing go to find a person she liked. 

From childhood to adulthood, he had little contact with either the same sex or the opposite sex. 

He hemmed and hawed for a long time before he choked it out: 

"how can anyone like me if I have a heart for Tao?" 

"It doesn't matter. I know that Taoists in your halal temple can marry and have children. When you have someone you like, tell me again. I promise to let go immediately and never delay you." 

Finish saying, when Qing picked up the double skin milk on the table, scooped up a spoon, handed to Meng Qing's mouth, smile to be more charming. 

"You haven't been down the mountain except for catching demons, have you? Come on, open your mouth. " 

Meng Qing turned her face to avoid it, and closed her mouth without saying a word. Obviously, she didn't intend to eat. 

The devil slightly raised the corner of his mouth: "master orders you, open your mouth." 

The power of the contract let Meng Qing open his mouth uncontrollably. He looked at Shiqing angrily, his eyes full of anger. 

"Look, just listen to my mouth? You are a hard eater but not a soft one. This is not a good habit. " 

When Qing smiles and feeds the spoon double skin milk to the young Taoist priest: "come on, eat it." 

Meng Qing was angry. 

Meng Qing was angry. 

Meng Qing wanted the devil in front of him. 

Then he chewed a few mouthfuls, and the taste of double skin milk gradually exploded in his mouth. 

The little Taoist, who had never eaten double skin milk, stared at him slightly and chewed faster. Shiqing looked at him with a smile. Seeing that he had finished eating, he handed over a spoon. 

The little Taoist priest was completely conquered by the delicious double skin milk at the moment. He ate a spoonful of it when he was fed, which was very delicious. 

Shi Qing realized the joy of feeding, and the more happy he was. 

The double skin milk was soon finished. He snapped his finger, opened the border and waved: "two more cups of milk tea, one cheese cake." 

After ordering, he winked at Meng Qing again: 

"the cake in this house is very delicious, you must like it." 

After hearing the voice of the devil's order, Meng Qing reached out and touched the corner of his mouth 

He has fallen. 

Sobbing. 

In the bottom of my heart, the young Taoist priest called himself degenerate. After the cake came, his sight could not help turning around. 

The cheese colored cheese cake is cut neatly and placed on the plate. There are several beautiful strawberries on it, and there are three words all over the body. 

"come and eat me ~" 

"eat me ~" 

for Meng Qing, who has never eaten dessert since childhood, this simplicity is too exciting. 

- Gudong. 

The young Taoist priest rolled his throat and swallowed his mouth. 

He cut off a small piece and handed it to his mouth with a fork. 

The demon king's temptation with a smile: "come and have a taste. It's delicious." 

Meng Qing tried to bear to open her mouth, and closed her eyes. She didn't look at this lovely and delicious cake. 

When Qing got close to his ear, he breathed in his ear softly. 

"Are you waiting for me to kiss you when you close your eyes?" 

The young Taoist priest blushed, opened his eyes and twisted his face: "you, you No shame 

"Oh, new words, we little Taoists can swear." 

The devil handed the cake to his mouth: "open your mouth." 

The tip of the nose is the sweet and greasy smell of the cake. Meng Qing licked his lips and told himself that "I was forced by the devil" and opened his mouth carefully. 

When the soft and smooth cake came into his mouth, his eyes narrowed slightly. 

After eating a few times, Shiqing has already handed over a spoon. 

This time Meng Qing opened her mouth faster than before. 

When they finished eating the cheese cake, Shiqing handed him the cup of milk tea. He also held the milk tea, and once again comfortable, he put his long legs on the other people's body. 

Maybe it's short mouth and soft hand. Meng Qing didn't stare at him this time. 

First of all, I carefully looked at how Shiqing drank milk tea. When I learned it, I carefully handed the straw to my mouth. Learning from Shiqing's appearance, I took a careful sip. 

Mellow milk tea along the straw into the mouth, and warm flow in the throat, so that he is comfortable also learn when Qing slightly squint. 

"Good to drink?" 

Someone nearby asked him. 

The young Taoist priest who had never drunk milk tea nodded and replied with a little praise: "it's really delicious." 

When he finished answering, he turned his head and saw that the devil was looking at him with a smile. His face was full of "I am a demon".Meng Qing: 

He closed his mouth and drank milk tea indignantly. When he didn't go to see it, he was clear. 

This demon must be trying to seduce him! 

He grew up in the halal temple since he was a child, and the progress of Taoism has always been the fastest among his brothers. Can he still be lured by some food in this area! 

Thinking like this, the young Taoist priest bowed his head firmly. 

Inhaled - 

drank a mouthful of sweet and greasy milk tea. 

When he was drinking, Shi Qing at one side came to him again. His magnetic voice was low. He was talking seriously, but he seemed to be trying to charm people. 

"Here comes the man we are waiting for." 

Meng Qing was stunned. She quickly raised her eyes and looked down at Shi Qing. She saw a student with a schoolbag and school uniform on his back. He was standing there quietly, as if waiting for someone. 

The young Taoist priest looked at the student strangely. He was clear and refreshing, and his whole body was not obscure. How could he provoke this demon. 

"What are you going to do to him?" he said 

"He's just a student. What can I do to him?" 

When Qing got to the ear of the young Taoist priest, he said in a low voice, "you should know my ability." 

"As long as I look directly into a person's eyes, I can see through these eyes what this person wants of me, whether it was in the past or ever." 

Meng Qing slightly frowned, looking at that fresh and fresh, how to see is just an ordinary student's youth: "he has appeal to you?" 

No, this student should not. From the perspective of aura, this student should be a type of family harmony, parents' love, good character and learning. 

"Hmmm." 

Shi Qing raised his index finger: "I see that his appeal is that I can keep a soul who committed suicide for one day." 

The young Taoist priest frowned more and more. 

According to the rules, the souls who died of suicide must go to the ghost world immediately, which is also to protect these souls. 

They commit suicide because they want to leave the world. When the world consciousness perceives it, it will reject them subconsciously after they become souls. 

For each second, it's a torment for these souls. 

"Did you agree?" 

"How can I promise something that hasn't happened yet?" 

The devil once sucked the milk tea in the straw. Seeing Meng Qing's serious face, he grinned and slightly hooked his lips: "but when it happens, I will promise." 

"A year's life is worth a soul for a day." 

The expression on the young Taoist priest's face suddenly became more serious. 

"Life is determined by your own destiny. It's wrong for you to buy and sell privately. What's more, if you really change it, staying in the human world is like stepping on the tip of a knife under your feet. Even if you really stay, it won't appreciate each other." 

Shi Qing: "this is not necessarily." 

Meng Qing is very sure: "certainly." 

He said seriously and seriously, "I have seen a soul who committed suicide. It was trapped in a place for only three days because of a magic weapon, and it was driven crazy by the pain of every second. Before we extradited it, it disappeared." 

Shi Qing: "little Taoist, not every soul who has committed suicide is like the one you have seen." 

Meng Qing would like to say more. Suddenly, she turned her head and looked at the school gate. 

"What a lethargy." 

When Qing propped up chin, a pair of shallow red eyes also looked at that side. 

People are dead when they just die. The stronger the stillness is, the more just they die. 

For example, the death that two people feel at the same time is basically within an hour of death. 

The demon king took a sip of milk tea, raised his eyebrows at Meng Qing, put on his sunglasses, and looked at the soul who walked towards the student: 

"it seems that the soul who committed suicide is him." 

He stood up and held out his hand to Meng Qing and waved his head in the direction of the school: "let's go and have a look." 

The young Taoist priest stood up in silence. When he didn't go to see it, he handed over his hand. 

Shiqing shrugged: "little Taoist, master, I command you to hold my hand." 

"Demon! What else can you do but use it! Shameless 

Meng Qing can only scold, while watching his hands out of control towards the devil. 

Shiqing held the young Taoist priest's hand and scratched his palm. With the other hand, he lifted the sunglasses to the eyebrow, revealing a pair of good-looking eyes and blinking at each other. 

"Although I can only deal with you with this move, it can't stand up well." 

Meng Qing's face became more red. 

Since he met with Shiqing, his face was no longer calm. 

"Demon! You... " 

"I know. I'm shameless." 

Shiqing put down his sunglasses, took Meng Qing's hand, and let the young Taoist priest lean on his side, looking very proud."You are my destiny lover, to you, why should I pay attention to those false names? You say so." 

"You..." 

The demon king was smiling: "well, the master now gives you a limit. After that, every time you say anything about demons, demons, you have to kiss me, don't seal the top." 

Meng Qing: 

He looked at the devil angrily. He couldn't think of any other words to replace him. So he closed his mouth and acted as a mute. 

"Why don't you talk?" he asked 

"Little Taoist? Meng Qing? Good? Qing Qing 

Meng Qing couldn't stand it. She stood still and roared at Shi Qing angrily, "demon! Shut up 

Voice just fell, he reacted to come over, quickly covered his mouth, straight Leng Leng looked at when Qing. 

When Qing put his cheek together and pointed to: "come on." 

Meng Qing: 

He could only watch his body close to him and drop a dragonfly kiss on the demon's white cheek. 

Even if it only stayed for 0.01 seconds and quickly pulled back, the young Taoist priest's face was still rubbed and reddened. 

If it was light red before, it is gorgeous red now. 

He kept rubbing his lips with the back of his hand, his face was full of shame and anger, and his mouth was full of that sentence: "you are shameless..." 

The atmosphere of the two young boys at the school gate is also very good. 

High school students wearing school uniforms and schoolbags, when they saw the people they were waiting for, ran to meet them. His eyes were full of joy. He held his schoolbag and welcomed them happily. When he came to the other side, he stopped nervously and rubbed the shoulder strap of the backpack unconsciously. 

"Miran, you came to school today. Are you OK with your parents?" 

Milang is the boy who came by. He is pale and beautiful. When he hears his lover's words, he shakes his head slightly and tries to hook up his mouth: 

"it's OK." 

"Is it really all right?" Chen Zeyu breathed a sigh of relief, his face again showed a sunny smile, a little afraid of the way: "I went to see you before, they did not let me in, I thought you were going to be transferred." 

Chen Zeyu and Mi Lang are both high school students. They are students of the same class with excellent results. In addition to these similarities, they also have a special common ground, that is, they have no feeling for girls. 

After expressing their feelings to each other, the two people are together smoothly. 

This love affair lasted for a year. It didn't die down like other people liked when they were young. Instead, it was like wine in the cellar. Although it was hidden deep underground, it became more and more mellow and delicious. 

They began to plan their future carefully. They went to the same university and major together. After graduation, they looked for jobs and rented houses together. 

Even when they reached their age, they even thought of going to the orphanage to adopt children. 

But the love of adolescence can not be hidden, even if they try to hide, it is still detected. 

Rumors, all kinds of rumors, with slander, abuse, one after another. 

Miran was directly locked up by his family, and he was not allowed to go to school again. At the same time, he began to handle the transfer procedures. 

Chen Zeyu was beaten by his father with a stick, forcing him to give up the relationship. 

He couldn't get out of bed, but he still held on to his teeth and refused to give up until the seventh day. In the face of his son who did not give up, his parents compromised and put him back to school. 

Even if Chen Zeyu went to see him many times, he was chased downstairs every time, and he didn't even see his face. 

Chen Zeyu has no choice but to wait every day before going to school, hoping that milang can come. 

These days, he was frustrated. 

I didn't expect that. Today he waited. 

After learning from the mouth of Miran, the cheerful boy is happy like a bird, carrying a book around his lover. 

"It's OK. It's OK to make it through this time. In the future, we don't have to be afraid that others will find out." 

"Some people are sure to gossip. Don't be afraid. They will talk about what we should do or what we should do until we are admitted to the University and leave here." 

When he spoke, Miran's pale face was always smiling, and his eyes were full of gentle looking at optimistic lovers. 

Seeing that Chen Zeyu was going to take him to school, milang stopped and asked, "Zeyu, what do you think of our future?" 

"The future..." 

Chen Zeyu didn't know why milang suddenly asked this question, but he quickly replied: 

"we should have become engineers and have our own house, eh There may be a mortgage, but it's OK. We're still under a lot of pressure. When we get to age, we'll adopt a baby. Whether it's a boy or a girl, we'll raise him well. He calls me big dad and you'll call you little dad, because I'm three months older than you. ""Yes Chen Zeyu clapped his hands, and his face was full of longing for the future: "we must hold a wedding ceremony in the future. Although we can't get the certificate now, there will be a wedding in other people's weddings. There is no big problem for my parents. We will grind them slowly for your parents." 

Well, when they do, we have to stand in the middle Chen Zeyu coughed a few times, deliberately lowered his voice, and learned the pastor's tone: 

"Mr. Chen Zeyu, would you like to be a partner with Mr. milang?" 

Miran looked pale at his energetic lover with a faint longing in his eyes. He whispered: 

"I will." 

Chen Zeyu was stunned, and then he reached out with a smile to pat milang on the shoulder: "I know you want to, I also..." 

His voice stopped as his hand fell empty. 

The gentle lover in front of him just stood there and said to him, "I'm sorry I left you." 

Chen Zeyu was staring at the gradually transparent lover. 

He guessed it clearly in his heart, but he refused to admit it stubbornly: "Miran, wait a minute. What's wrong? Yes, yes, I must be dreaming. It's a dream. " 

He lowered his head, looked at his hands, and kept hypnotizing himself: "this is a dream, this is a dream..." 

"I'm sorry..." 

Mirang looked at Chen Zeyu in a trance and apologized with one force; 

"I'm sorry Zeyu, I didn't support it. They kept scolding me and saying that I had made my family lose face. Relatives came to see me one by one and said that I was sick. I was locked in the house and could not go anywhere. I could only sit there and listen to the outside talk." 

"They said that I was sick and wanted to put me in a mental hospital. They said, I was abandoned and I was raised for nothing. Even my parents said that I wish I had never given birth to me. I was so afraid that I would be sent to a mental hospital. I was afraid that I would be treated as a patient. I could do nothing but sit there and listen to them. At night, I couldn't sleep all night, It seems that everyone is talking about me, and everyone thinks that I am sick... " 

Chen Zeyu is in complete confusion at the moment. He shakes his head and cries: "we are not sick. This is not a disease. We are born to like the same sex. We are the same as others." 

"I'm sorry I'm sorry, I'm so cowardly. I'm afraid they'll look at me. I'm afraid that they'll send me to the mental hospital. I'm afraid that the aunt who used to treat me in the yard will take her granddaughter away from me as soon as she sees me. I know I'm not sick, but everyone thinks I'm sick. They want to cure me, I don't want to cure me, and I can't either... " 

Chen Zeyu subconsciously went forward to comfort the broken lover, but he only held an empty one. He stepped back in a daze and looked at the lovers who had become transparent a little bit in front of him. 

Finally, I realized something. 

He called out, "Millan." 

"What have you done to yourself?" 

Mirang looked at Chen Zeyu, as if brewing infinite sadness in his eyes. 

"Last night, I quietly opened the door, climbed onto the roof, and then jumped down from it." 

"How relaxed..." 

He was in a trance, as if he had gone back to last night. His parents argued about which mental hospital he should be sent to, and blamed each other for not taking good care of him, which would make him a pervert. 

A pervert - 

is he abnormal in their mind? 

He has not had a good sleep for a long time. At first, he wanted to sleep, but his parents watched him in turn. Every time he closed his eyes, he would shake him up and force him to admit that he was sick. 

Later, I couldn't sleep. 

As soon as you close your eyes, it seems that someone is talking to him all the time. 

Trash - 

perverted - 

disgusting homosexual - 

when he jumped off the roof, when he fell heavily on the ground, those voices were gone. 

How relaxed 

But after relaxed, is regret. 

It is not regret that he gave up his life, but that he left Chen Zeyu alone. 

"I'm sorry..." 

He said for the countless times, "I'm really sorry..." 

"I really, I really want to marry you. I'm sorry..." 

He slowly disappeared. 

This young, has not yet had time to bloom life, in this most lively wanton age, ended. 

The same young lover half kneels on the ground blankly, a pair of hands do not know how to fall, fumble on the ground. 

"Millan..." 

"Millan? Mirand 

He looked around where there was no one around him and shook his head persistently. "This is a dream, this must be a dream, I am dreaming..." 

Yes! yes! He's dreaming! 

It's not true. Mirand must be at home. It's not true. 

It's just that even if he repeats it.In the eyes, but still as if there is something broken. 

Not far behind him, the devil took Meng Qing's hand and asked him, "do you still think this deal should not be done now?" 

Meng Qing was silent. 

Half ring, he just said: "before is poor narrow-minded, whether it is the same sex or the opposite sex, in fact, is the same." 

When Qing circled his hand: "yes, just like you, me and them, are the same." 

Meng Qing didn't break away this time. He only asked, "but what can they do if they only stay for one day?" 

One day, not counting the night, is only 12 hours. 

He looked at the half kneeling boy, shaking as if he could no longer support him: 

"they will have a wedding." 

"A wedding I've wanted for a long time, but I can't wait for it." 

Chen Zeyu went to milang's house. 

He saw the dried blood on the ground. 

I saw passers-by who were talking about it. 

He didn't believe it. 

He stood there for a long time until he saw Millan's parents come back. 

The couple helped each other and couldn't stand crying. Their relatives were comforting them all the time. 

A relative said: "how can this child be so impulsive, you care about him, but also for his good." 

Some relatives also said, "big sister, don't you cry, didn't the doctor say that? The child left without suffering. " 

Chen Zeyu just looked at it. 

There were people everywhere, but why did he feel empty around him. 

He stood for a long time. 

Standing, he felt that he should not stand still. 

Mirand likes his sports best. 

So Chen Zeyu began to walk forward. He didn't know how long or where he was going. 

He just kept walking, thinking as he walked. 

How could this happen. 

Why is that so. 

They just like each other. 

Milang is good-natured, and even ants are reluctant to step on them. He has not hurt people, and he has not hurt people. Why is it he who experiences these things. 

He is so sensitive, so care about other people's opinion of a person, how to endure long day and night. 

He walked on and on, and finally, he came to a hall. 

The man inside asked him what he wanted to change. 

He said he wanted Miran back. 

The man said again, the dead can't come back. 

Yeah, I can't come back. 

Chen Zeyu, who had been numb and didn't cry, seemed to be turned on by this sentence. He covered his face and finally couldn't help crying. 

The dead can't come back. 

Mirand will never come back. 

Their future will never come again. 

When Chen Zeyu was crying, Shi Qing stood by to watch him cry and handed him a tissue. 

"Thank you." 

When Chen Zeyu finished crying, he straightened up, his eyes were still red and swollen, but his expression was very clear. 

"I want to have a different wedding, will you?" 

When Qing nodded, reached out, a contract from scratch, fell in his palm. 

"The tears you leave here, for a wedding." 

"Sign it." 

White jade paves the road and flowers fall to the ground. 

When the newcomers enter the stadium, they shoulder to shoulder and look at each other as if they were happy. 

Miran's face is still very pale. He committed suicide. The world repels him all the time. 

It's like a little mermaid with changed legs. Every step, it's like walking on the edge of a knife. 

When I was a child, I didn't understand why the little mermaid could dance even though she was like this. 

But now, when he looks at Chen Zeyu, the pain seems to be ignored. 

Meng Qing stood at the top of the table and watched the two men come in slowly. After a nervous glance, Shi Qing asked, "Mr. Chen Zeyu, would you like Mr. milang to be your partner?" 

Chen Zeyu fixed his eyes on milang: 

"I will." 

"Mr. mirang, would you like Mr. Chen Zeyu to be your partner?" 

A pale smile appeared on Miran's face and said softly, "I will." 

"Then, whether rich or poor, rich or poor, poor or ill, whether..." 

When Qing looked at even standing difficult Mi Lang, toward his direction slightly blew a breath. 

Originally all the time in the pain around Miran found that the pain has disappeared. 

Without the shackles of pain, he would be able to put all his mind on today's happiness. 

After all the words found on the Internet have been finished, Meng Qing finally added a sentence:"Now I declare that Mr. Chen Zeyu and Mr. mirang are partners." 

He is still the first time to do such a thing, said a little guilty do not know what to do, the devil simply on the stage, took his hand to lead people down. 

There is only one new couple left on the stage. 

They don't have time. 

But the atmosphere around them was not at all anxious. 

Miran even chuckled and stretched out his hand to straighten his collar for his lover: 

"you look so handsome today." 

Chen Zeyu also tried to smile, as in the past when two people get along, shake his head, "this is prepared by those two gentlemen, I have never worn a suit." 

"I didn't wear it either." 

Miran looked down at his suit. "I didn't expect that I look good in a suit." 

Chen Zeyu: "you look good in anything." 

"School uniform is not good-looking," Millan laughs 

Chen Zeyu: "school uniform is also good-looking." 

Miran: "unfortunately, I can't wear it any more." 

With this sentence between the two people again silent down. 

They tacit understanding did not speak, just holding hands, sitting on the wedding table, like a small animal warming each other, nestled together. 

At the top of the wedding, a huge clock was walking. 

Da, Da, Da. 

The second hand pushes the minute hand, and the minute hand pushes the hour hand. 

Even if they cherish it, the moment of separation still comes. 

Miran can feel that he is being ostracized by the world. He tries to lift his lips to make himself look more relaxed: 

"I'm sorry for you, but you will Good 

Chen Zeyu firmly held his lover's hand, weeping and shaking his head to retort: "it's not your fault. I know it's not your fault." 

"You're right. You don't want to..." 

Mirang stares at his lover, reaches out his hand and gently falls on his cheek. 

"I'm sorry." 

"Thank you." 

He slowly dissipated, with the direction of the wind, was taken to another world without Chen Zeyu. 

"Miran, Miran!" 

Even if he had known that at the moment of real separation, Chen Zeyu could not help but stand up and chase after his lover. 

But if you can't, you can't. 

Seeing Meng Qing staring at this scene, Shi Qing waved and sent Chen Zeyu back. He held the young Taoist priest's hand and painted his palmprint with his fingertips. 

"Can Taoist master have a feeling of parting 

Meng Qing Leng a few seconds to react to come over, quickly red face took back his hand: "you don't always move." 

The devil raised his eyebrow: "I haven't moved my feet yet, but if you want, I can." 

The young Taoist priest had never been able to resist him. However, he could only face so red and put his hands behind him. 

Anyway, I will never give the devil a chance to do something. 

Seeing him like this, Shiqing reached out and a contract fell on his palm. 

The demon king slowly folded: "tut Tut, it's another year of life." 

Meng Qing was stunned. "Did you really take Chen Zeyu for a year?" 

When Qing raised his eyes, "do you have any opinion?" 

The young Taoist priest hemmed and hawed to say that it was immoral. People were pitiful enough. However, Chen Zeyu volunteered for this. As he said before the Qing Dynasty, the silver and goods were paid off and both sides were willing. He had no position to say that. 

Seeing that he was speechless for a long time, Shi Qing suggested: "since you have some opinions, it's better to exchange the contract between Chen Zeyu and me with something else. If the contract is destroyed after you get it, the thing I exchanged with him will be returned to Chen Zeyu." 

Meng Qing's eyes lit up and asked, "what do you want?" 

When Qingxie smiles, he reaches out his hand to the Taoist priest: 

"if you take the initiative to hold hands with me all day, I will give you the contract." 

Hand in hand for a whole day, for a year of life. 

It's not a loss in any way. 

Meng Qing hesitated to extend his hand. 

Gently, holding the soft palm of the devil.





 In the hospital corridor, Shiqing comfortably leaned on Meng Qing, playing with his hands. 

Meng Qing's face was not very good-looking. 

Shi Qing grabs his hand and slowly touches his fingertips along the light colored palmprint. When playing with the soft fingertips, he is not used to the young Taoist priest who is so close to people and pulls his hand back subconsciously. 

"We have signed a contract. You want to break it." 

The demon king's pleasant voice seemed to bring a smile. Meng Qing's beautiful face was full of dissatisfaction. He lowered his eyes and looked up to his own time with his eyebrows. 

"You lied to me." 

"The contract you signed with Chen Zeyu is clearly not life span, and you lied to me that it is." 

Shiqing didn't feel embarrassed at all, and he held the Taoist priest's hand more tightly: "didn't you say that? I'm the devil. Which devil have you ever seen so sincere that he doesn't tell lies 

Meng Qing looked over her head in anger, and her eyes were not clear. 

The demon king still did not let him go: "I did not cheat you when signing the contract." 

"I only said that if you exchange with me, I will give you the contract with Chen Zeyu, and his things will go back. But I didn't say that this thing must be life-span." 

Meng Qing: "it's you who said that one year's life is available." 

"Yes." 

Shi Qing's eyes were full of enchantment. He picked up his eyes and leaned on the Taoist priest like no bones: 

"I only said that one year's life span was reached, but not Chen Zeyu's one-year life span." 

"Make a mistake, you understand yourself." 

Meng Qing was silent. 

He didn't speak, and of course he didn't know how to refute it. 

Moreover, the young Taoist priest still has a little doubt in his heart. 

Before when Qing Ming said is to change life, how to the end, it is for tears. 

A little guess flashed in his mind. Did Shiqing look at them pitifully 

No, it's not right. 

How can the devil change the rules of exchange just because he sympathizes with others. 

He should have such an idea. It's really brain tease, or be bewitched by this demon. 

Meng Qing wakes up in her heart, closes her eyes quickly, and begins to recite Tao Te Ching in the bottom of her heart, trying to ignore Shi Qing. 

He didn't pay attention to others, and Shi Qing talked to himself by leaning on his shoulder. 

"Little Taoist, I'll take you to see the fireworks tomorrow." 

"Fireworks are not allowed to be set off in this city. I like fireworks best. I haven't seen fireworks here since I started to issue a purchase restriction order for fireworks." 

"Little Taoist, do you really ignore me?" 

"Well, I just want to tease you. Don't get angry." 

"Little Taoist, little Taoist?" 

"Don't ignore me. I'm bored by myself." 

With that, the demon king stretched out his white hands and fell on the young Taoist priest's pretty face and broke his face to his side. 

Meng Qing closed his eyes, while reading the Tao Te Ching in his heart, he turned his face back in silence. 

"Really angry?" 

He leaned his head on Meng Qing's shoulder, and his voice fell down: 

"I just want to play with you." 

"Well, you practitioners should know that there are two kinds of Qi in the world, one is turbid Qi, the other is Qingqi." 

Of course Meng Qing knows. 

But he just didn't open his eyes or speak. 

Shi Qing: "did your master ever tell you that I am the evil spirit." 

Meng Qing: 

The bottom of his heart was almost filled with question marks, and he almost opened his eyes. 

Fortunately, before he opened it, he remembered that he had made up his mind not to pay attention to the devil, and forced himself to continue to close his eyes. He looked like "no matter what you say, I will not pay attention to you". 

Shi Qing's face showed sadness, and rubbed the young Taoist priest's clothes with his own face. 

His voice is low and hoarse: 

"turbid air is produced by all kinds of negative thoughts of human beings. The more people have complaints in their hearts, the more turbid the world will be. When there are too many people to let go, I will be born." 

"You always say that I am a demon, that I am a monster, that I am a disaster to the world, is that what I think?" 

Meng Qing felt the demon king beside him as if he rubbed his face on his shoulder and rubbed out a bit of wetting. 

His closed eyelashes trembled and his heart felt a little ashamed and guilty. 

The devil sniffed: "as soon as I was born, my body was full of the negative energy of the whole world. You are right. As soon as you see me, you yell and shout. No one teaches me how to behave. I also have no parents. I can only live by instinct. When I was born, I didn't understand anything. You didn't teach me. Now I'm living muddleheaded, but you scold me I am a demon. "Meng Qing's eyelashes trembled even more fiercely, and his heart's Tao Te Ching could not be recited. 

"Especially you, I just know that you are my destiny, I am happy, so I come to see you, and as soon as you meet, you throw a spell at me." 

Meng Qing tried to close her eyes and explained in a hurry: "I didn't mean to. I just saw that you didn't have a heartbeat, so I just..." 

The demon king's soft and tender hands, which are totally inconsistent with the aura, suddenly pulled up his hand and took him down on his clothes; 

"do you feel it? Heartbeat. " 

"Only when I meet my destiny marriage will my heart beat. I've been alone for so many years, lonely for so many years. As soon as I find you are my destiny, I can't wait to come to you with joy. But you are always cold to me. You ignore me and call me demon." 

Meng Qing felt the powerful heartbeat under his hand, only felt his own heart beating with the demon's heartbeat. 

His Adam's apple rolled up and down. On his beautiful face with his eyes closed, his forehead was covered with sweat, and his ears were filled with a low, hoarse voice. 

"I just want you to accompany me. You blame me for lying to you, but we should be made for each other. If you don't pay attention to me first and refuse to hold my hand, I'll cheat you what to do." 

"Think about it carefully. Since we met, when have I hurt you? But it's you who have spoken ill of me, cast a spell on me, and tried to kill me with a sword." 

The young Taoist priest was overwhelmed by a huge sense of guilt. 

Yes, he only heard about the devil, but no one paid attention to it. Where did the devil come from, whether there were parents or not, and whether there was any education. 

If it is really like Shi Qing said, he was born to raise, that temperament long crooked, it is also reasonable ah. 

After that, the young Taoist priest nervously swallowed his mouth and opened his mouth: "I didn't mean it at that time. I thought you were not good-natured." 

Shi Qing's voice was even more aggrieved: "if I'm really upset and kind-hearted, you're a 20-year-old Taoist priest, I can let you go to hell in your sleep. Why should I go around this bend with you?" 

Yes, Shiqing is the devil. 

Even his master can't beat him. If you really want to do something to him, what do you want to do with him. 

Think so, in the heart more guilty how to do. 

Next time I'm sorry my eyelashes are too young 

He wanted to open his eyes, but he was faster than the devil's hand. 

"Don't look at me. I'm dead!" 

I'm afraid he'll see the devil crying. 

Meng Qing quickly obediently closed his eyes: "I don't see." 

Shi Qing: "Hello, do you really know you are wrong?" 

The young Taoist priest closed his eyes and nodded: "I know." 

Shi Qing: "you know that you are wrong, I will accompany you to watch fireworks tonight. Do you agree or not?" 

Meng Qing continued to nod, "I promise." 

The demon king leaning on his shoulder seemed to cry again, and his shoulder was wet with tears. 

The young Taoist priest was more and more upset. 

He just agreed to a fireworks, the devil actually moved to cry, can be seen before his life is how. 

When Qing still said: "I still want to eat the cake of Litang family tomorrow, you accompany me." 

Meng Qing nodded: "good." 

"And you don't always talk to me coldly in the future. You should accompany me from time to time and take the initiative to hold my hand. We are destined to be married. Even if you don't want to, you can't change it." 

The young Taoist priest, who had just agreed, hesitated. 

He faltered: "but I am a Taoist." 

The demon on his shoulder cried again. 

Shoulder felt a trace of moisture, Meng Qing heart inexplicably raised some pity mood. 

Shi Qing's voice was low: "I know you are a Taoist, I am a heresy, you should not look up to me, even if I please you, you will not like me, but I do not want to ah, I was born like this, if you give me the opportunity, I also want to grow up with you in the Muslim temple, I also want you to look up to me." 

"No, no, no! no That's not what I mean 

Meng Qing was anxious and continued to explain: "I am just one-sided to the way, and your identity has nothing to do with it." 

"OK, don't lie to me. It's not that you can't get married in halal temple. You have no conflict with me when you are with Tao." 

"I know, you just find an excuse to refuse me. You don't look up to me like this." 

Meng Qing was a little confused. He was worried and didn't know what to do. He was always stupid and could only explain in a hurry: 

"it's not what you think. Really, I don't look down on you." 

Shi Qing: "don't look up to me, just like me?"Meng Qing was even more confused: "I, I..." 

The devil's voice dropped again: "so you really don't look up to me. Forget it, it's what I shouldn't ask for. I'll die alone and I'll go." 

He left Meng Qing's shoulder. 

The young Taoist priest's brain was blank. Subconsciously, he closed his eyes and held out his hand according to the sound. 

"I like you!" 

With this sentence, Meng Qing's heart beat seemed to be unable to jump, her face quickly dyed red, and her eyelashes trembled as if she were playing the piano. 

The air seemed to be silent. 

After a long time, Meng Qing felt that his hand was grasped by the soft hand of the devil. 

The demon king should still be standing, his voice with uncontrollable joy, quietly asked: 

"didn't you cheat me?" 

Meng Qing's face flushed and burned. 

He wanted to open his eyes, and remembered that Shiqing didn't let him open his eyes just now, so he could only close his eyes and face Shiqing. 

"I never cheat." 

Demon King: "I don't believe it, you clearly hate me, I want to hold your hand, you are not willing to." 

"Yes, I will." 

The young Taoist priest quickly clenched his hand, blushing almost to drip blood, quietly asked: "do you believe it now?" 

Shi Qing: "no, what if you repent?" 

"No way." 

Meng Qing, with shame, closed his eyes and said, "Tao is a promise." 

"It's still not safe." 

Shi Qing waved and dropped a contract in front of Meng Qing. "Open your eyes, sign it, and I'll believe you." 

Meng Qing slowly opened his eyes and looked at the contract in front of him. 

It's exactly the same as the previous Shiqing requirements. 

He took the pen hanging on one side and carefully signed his name. 

After signing the contract, seeing the contract disappear slowly, he felt a sigh of relief at the bottom of his heart, and with a little melancholy, he was happy with the embarrassment of the unknown. 

"That's about it." 

Listening to Shi Qing's satisfied voice, Meng Qing held back the shame and raised her eyes to see the demon king standing, trying to wipe away tears for him. 

As a result, he was stunned. 

The devil's white face was clean, and he was looking at him with a cone in his hand. 

Seeing his unbelievable eyes looking over, Qing Qing licked the sweet cone, and could not see any trace of crying on his face: 

"what's this look like?" 

"You, you..." 

The young Taoist priest was a little confused. He asked, "didn't you cry?" 

"Cry?" 

The demon king snorted coldly: "joke, my hall demon king, how can you cry." 

"But I clearly feel tears..." Meng Qing looked down at her shoulder in confusion, but saw that there was a little ice cream on it that had not been completely melted. 

Meng Qing: 

Meng Qing: 

Shiqing sat down beside him and looked at the ice cream. 

"maybe it was rubbed by accident just now." 

Said, the devil slightly side, opened his mouth and put those ice cream into his mouth, slowly let them melt in his mouth. 

Meng Qing: 

He was so stiff that he didn't even dare to breathe. Until he felt the soft and moist leaving, his chest began to heave violently because of strong breathing. 

"You, you..." 

"What's wrong with me?" 

Shi Qing reminded him: "you just signed the contract, you can't go back on it." 

Meng Qing 

His good-looking eyes were full of bewilderment and bewilderment. After looking at Shi Qing for a long time, he said, "you are shameless!" 

The devil shrugged: "it's not that I forced you to sign. You love me and scold me for what." 

With that, he leaned on Meng Qing's shoulder again, and handed the sweet cone to the young Taoist priest's mouth: 

"try it, it's delicious." 

See Meng Qing does not move, he patted a good-looking and beautiful face of the Taoist priest: "OK, OK, don't be angry, eat quickly, finish eating and do business." 

The young Taoist priest took a look at the devil, opened his mouth and bit the sweet cone in front of him. 

Well 

He chewed and swallowed a few times, then took another bite. 

It's delicious 

Have you heard of ghost doctor 

After eating the cone, Shiqing got two more cones. He and Meng Qing had one. They sat on the bench and ate the cones together. 

When Qing first finished eating, took out the handkerchief and handed it to Meng Qing. 

Meng Qing took a handkerchief and wiped the corner of his mouth: "I have seen it in master's book. The ghost doctor is no different from other wandering souls.""There are still differences." 

When Meng Qing cleans him up, Shiqing goes over again and takes a bite of his ice cream. While eating, he raises his head and asks the young Taoist priest to continue to wipe the corners of his mouth. 

"At least the ghost doctor I found was quite different." 

"Oh, by the way, Miran's body is in the mortuary downstairs. I won't let him go. You'll give him a pass later. After all, it's suicide. He's a little resentful. If you let him pass, he'll have a better life at the bottom." 

Meng Qing held the handkerchief's hand and looked at Shiqing's eyes. 

He had always rejected Shiqing before. Now he looked carefully and found that the demon king's appearance was really outstanding. Looking at it, his face turned a little red: 

"I didn't expect you to be so kind." 

"Go and go!" 

The devil gave him a push: "I call this after-sales service." 

The young Taoist priest was originally sitting on the outside, and when he just looked at it, Qing was in a trance. When he pushed him so gently, he fell off his chair. 

No pain, but a little confused. 

"Are you all right?" 

A young doctor, who was passing by in a hurry, saw that he fell down and helped Meng Qing to get up. 

"It's OK. It's OK." 

Meng Qing shook his head in embarrassment. He had learned Taoism since he was a child. According to reason, the bottom should be very stable. If he hadn't been clear into God just now, he would not have been pushed to the ground. 

Shiqing also stood up, "thank you, doctor." 

The young doctor smiles: "it's OK." 

"Oh, doctor." Seeing that he was about to leave, the devil stopped him: "excuse me, how can I get to the morgue?" 

"Go straight this way, turn left into the elevator, downstairs, the first floor." 

The doctor pointed to the road with good temper, "this is surgery." 

"Well, thank you, doctor." 

When Qing pulled Meng Qing to the doctor's road, the young Taoist was pulled by him. He was embarrassed and couldn't help looking back. 

Then, the demon king broke his head back towards him. 

"You see what he does, I am your lover, look at me." 

Meng Qing's face turned red again. 

He looked carefully at the patients, nurses and doctors around him, and whispered, "don't say such things so loud. It's not good for people to hear them." 

"It's not sure they can't hear you." 

Entering the elevator, the devil yawned and leaned on the young Taoist priest's shoulder: "Hey, have you ever been to the ghost world?" 

"No 

Meng Qing: "isn't it only ghosts who can go to the ghost world? If the living go there, they will be pulled down the river 

"Listen to them." 

The demon king snorted coldly: "ghost world that place, as long as it is more powerful than the yama can go, whether it is your right way or our evil and evil ways, better than him, seven in seven out of the problem." 

"But..." When Qing leans on his shoulder, the eye tail slightly picks up, slowly smiles: "I hope you seven in seven out." 

Meng Qing has a blank face. 

"Forget it. Get down to business." 

Shi Qing: "do you know why the leader of the ghost world is called Yama and the judge Meng Po? At first, the ghost world was in a mess, and no one was in charge of it. Later, a ghost, the king of hell, built the ghost way, which integrated the whole ghost world 

"This ghost directly imitates the setting of the palace of hell of the state of China. It named itself the king of hell and appointed a judge, Meng Po, GUI Cha, and so on. Only then did the ghost world become a place of reincarnation." 

Meng Qing has never heard of such a thing. He always thought that the ghost world existed from the beginning. 

Shi Qing: "there is nothing else in the ghost world, but the dead river is really beautiful. Every soul who has just entered the ghost world must walk over the dead river. Their souls will emit all kinds of light, just like a bridge of light." 

"It's said that if a lover walks across the bridge hand in hand, he can still be together in the next life." 

Seeing that Meng Qing still didn't understand, the demon king took his hand, pulled it up and put it in front of them, and raised his eyebrows: "today, go to the ghost world with me, and I will cross the dead river with you hand in hand." 

Meng Qing: This is not good. We are not souls. We will break the rules of the ghost world. " 

"The last time I went to the ghost world, Yama said the same thing." Shi Qing gave a kind smile to the young Taoist priest: "after beating him up, he never said that again." 

Meng Qing: 

He shut up in silence. 

Ding! 

The elevator door opened. 

They went out holding hands and asked, "do you remember the name of the sign on the doctor's clothes just now?" 

Meng Qing has a good memory, otherwise he would not surpass all the brothers. 

He closed his eyes and searched his mind for the memory. 

"Zhang Haixiang.""His name is Zhang Haixiang." 

Zhang Haixiang is an ordinary doctor. 

His family is also a family of doctors. It is said that his grandfather eats barefoot doctors. His grandfather is a doctor in the village, and his father is also a doctor. 

When he was a child, he always watched his father busy. His retired grandfather took him to grow up and told him that he should never be a doctor when he grows up. 

Zhang's father also said so, although he didn't listen to his father's advice and insisted on becoming a doctor. 

But Zhang Haixiang still applied to medical school. 

I don't know whether it was because he had been edified by medical books full of bookcases since childhood, or because his father had a car accident before. When Zhang Haixiang was a teenager, he sat on the porch bench, covering his face and crying, and his despair was to the extreme. 

Then the door of the operating room opened and the doctor in the white coat came out and told him that his father's life was not in danger for the time being. 

At that moment, the doctor's body seemed to shine. 

Despite the opposition of his family, Zhang Haixiang applied to medical college. Even though everyone was saying "persuading people to learn medicine, heaven strikes a thunderbolt", he was still fearless. 

There are many disadvantages in learning medicine. There are more and more medical disputes, books that can never be finished, busy work for more than ten hours, and just get stuck in bed and don't sleep for a while, when a phone call comes, they have to return to work. 

The parents made it clear when he decided to go to medical school. 

Zhang Haixiang still reported. 

He was still a little young and hot-blooded at the time. 

He thought, if I don't study medicine and everyone doesn't study medicine, then people are ill and injured. Who will come to see them? 

The life of medical students is always busy, reading endless books, doing endless key points, and endless exams. 

Get up earlier than chickens, sleep later than dogs, and do more than cattle. 

It is not easy to graduate, but also after a long internship period, until the internship to become a formal doctor, is the beginning. 

Zhang Haixiang is a surgeon. In fact, he is less than 35 years old this year. He can be called a young man. His face is small, but his hair has begun to fall off. 

If there is a major event, such as a series of car accidents, bus rollovers, etc., rest does not exist in front of the doctor. 

Every day is very busy, every day is very tired. 

But Zhang Haixiang is very happy. 

He had surgery, he saved a lot of people, each time saved a person, looking at this person's family grateful to him, his heart was warm and happy. 

This is a human life. 

And he saved his life. 

Not only was it life, he saved one family or two families. 

Zhang Haixiang felt that as a doctor, his happiest moment was to have a holiday and save a life. 

Although there are times when they can't be saved. 

The person who was finally rescued suddenly deteriorated or left directly on the operating table. 

For many years, many patients have been rescued. 

The longer he was, the less he regretted being a doctor. 

So many lives. 

They saved him. 

The only thing I feel sorry for is to my parents and family. 

He is married and his wife is a teacher. Now he has a five-year-old daughter. She is very good and looks forward to playing with him. But as a father, he has too little time with her. 

Zhang Haixiang has been saving for his holidays. He plans to travel with his family when he has enough. 

But first of all, he has to do a good job. 

I don't know what happened these days. There are always a lot of patients who come to sew needles, one by one. 

He pushed open a door with a clear goal, and there was a young man with blood on his body screaming. 

Zhang Haixiang carefully checked it and showed a smile: "OK, it's the knee that needs stitches. I'll give you stitches." 

"Whether or not to use anesthetic." 

"No fight, no fight." 

The young man repeatedly waved his hand. "Doctor, I have been in pain for a long time. I can't walk because of the pain. Please." 

"It's OK. We have a wheelchair. If you rent one, it's too painful to walk. It's OK to take a wheelchair." 

Zhang Haixiang finished the operation carefully and carefully, and then he stood up: 

"well, be careful not to see water these days. If it hurts, take the pain killer, I'll prescribe it to you." 

"Well, thank you, doctor." 

The young man gratefully smile, "this can hurt me to death, I can be really bad luck, good truck overturned even, still hurt me so long." 

"Thank you very much, Doctor Zhang. I'm so stupid. It took me a long time to find you, otherwise I would have gone." 

They? Zhang Haixiang really thought that he was still a little popular as a surgeon. He said with a smile: 

"what do you think? Even if I sew the needle for you, it will take some time for you to walk normally without pain."The young man laughed and waved his hand: "it's not alive. Just sew the needle. I can walk. Oh, I can't stand the pain." 

"But Dr. Zhang, I'll wait for you. You seem to be quick. You've helped me so much. I've been wandering here for so long, and the road is ripe. When you're ready, I'll show you the way." 

Zhang Haixiang felt that he understood every word the young man said, but how could he not understand it when combined? 

"What are you talking about?" he asked hesitantly 

"Ah?" The young man scratched his head: "am I wrong? When I was looking for you just now, I found your body. It seems that it will be time. " 

"What? What body? What time? " 

Zhang Haixiang stepped back in a daze. Suddenly, there was a rapid footstep outside. Obviously, he just heard the footsteps, but he felt bored. 

He can't help but open the door, but see his wife is holding his daughter, under the guidance of familiar colleagues. 

Walking, perhaps in a hurry, tripped on the ground. 

"Ah! Sister in law 

"Er ER!" 

Zhang Haixiang subconsciously went forward to help her, his hand fell over, but flashed from his wife, as if touching the air. 

He froze and looked at his hand in disbelief. 

The only five-year-old daughter had a lollipop in her mouth. Because she was well protected by her mother, it was nothing. She was held by her mother and looked around curiously. 

Turning his head, he saw Zhang Haixiang and cheerfully called out: 

"Dad!" 

Just like this, the wife who just managed to maintain her calm expression collapsed in an instant. She sat on the ground with her daughter in her arms and cried bitterly. 

Colleagues nearby quickly comforted her: "sister-in-law, don't cry, Doctor Zhang is just now the situation is deteriorating, has been in the rescue, must be OK." 

His wife shook her head, holding her daughter like a straw, struggling to get up with the help of her colleagues, and continued to stagger forward. 

"Sister in law, this way." 

Seeing his colleagues take his wife and daughter upstairs, Zhang Haixiang stands up in a daze and looks down at his hands. 

What's going on 

He seemed to understand something in his heart. Subconsciously, the elevator door just closed, and Zhang Haixiang turned to run the stairs. 

He runs fast and in a hurry. 

Finally, I got to the top operating room. 

As he ran up the stairs, he could just see himself in bed with a pale face and pushed into the operating room. 

Ding! 

When the elevator door opened, Shiqing and Meng Qing came out from inside, and the few people who followed them couldn't see them. 

Shi Qingmai, with his long legs, led Meng Qing to Zhang Haixiang. 

"Just him." 

Zhang Haixiang shivered all over and slowly raised his head. 

He looked at the man who had asked him the way before and said, "he, Zhang Haixiang, is overworked because he has been working for 15 hours in a row." 

"I fell on the operating table when I was doing the operation. I was in a coma for almost half a month. I have been working as a ghost doctor. I can live to this day." 

"Thirty five years old, cause of death: karoshi."





 Zhang's father, who was five years old, was shouting again! Dad 

He subconsciously turned around and saw his daughter, who was held in his arms by his wife, was smiling and opening her arms to him, looking like she was going to hug him. 

"Niuniu..." 

He unconsciously called out the name of his daughter, and the little girl was more happy in her mother's arms and called her father. 

Holding her wife in tears, sobbing and whispering to her daughter, "Dad is in there, and soon he will come out." 

Niu Niu doesn't understand. 

Isn't dad there? 

"Your daughter is not yet five years old and can still see you." 

Shiqing took out an egg tart from his arms and ate happily. After a few stutters, Meng Qing on one side had already taken out a handkerchief to wipe the corners of his mouth. 

Zhang Haixiang was dazed. He couldn't bear to look away from his wife and daughter and looked at Shi Qing: 

"so I'm now Is it dead? " 

"Not yet, but almost." 

When Qing patted Meng Qing: "tell him." 

Meng Qing hesitated to look at the little girl who was looking forward to this side, and whispered to Zhang Haixiang: "your life is up to today." 

"Before, because the body has been in a coma, your soul floated out and became a ghost doctor." 

"Ghost doctor..." 

Zhang Haixiang understood that he kept looking for his patients these days. The young man said strange things. 

They used to It's all ghosts. 

After being punctured, the vague memories of these days all come back. 

Every morning, he always thought that he was in the same day, yawning to work, the same can not stop the pace, busy patients. 

It turns out that he is dead 

He felt that he would not be able to stand, so he supported the wall and slowly sat down on the bench, his eyes full of confusion. 

"So you're here to pick me up? Are you a ghost 

"We are not ghosts, we are here..." Meng Qing said here also pause, slant head to see time clear: "what are we here to do?" 

When Qing picks eyebrow: "of course is to see lively." 

"It's the first time I've seen him with his body still alive and his soul becoming a ghost doctor." 

"And he's going to hell today, and we'll catch a shuttle bus." 

Meng Qing hesitated to look at the demon king, weighing the words, carefully gathered to the ear of Shiqing, whispered: "it's not good to say that, he is so sad." 

Shi Qing turned over his head and his lips fell on the young Taoist priest's ear. He was also in a low voice, but there was an unspeakable charm in the sentence. It was not so much whispering as deliberately lowering his voice to tempt the other party: 

"I am the devil. All the negative energy in the world, do you expect me to be considerate to others?" 

With that, he could not refuse to pull the young Taoist priest to sit down and put his long legs comfortably on others: 

"OK, now wait for his time." 

Meng Qing's answer to Shi Qing Hui is not surprising. He just feels that Shi Qing should not be what he said. 

Just now he was in the morgue, and it was also Shiqing who asked him to pass away. 

But he did not say what he wanted to say, but quietly took out a small bag from his pocket, opened it, poured the almond in his hand, took one, and handed it to the devil. 

The demon king a Leng, then ferocious looking at him: "what." 

Meng Qing's face was reddened by his fierce tone. He handed the almond and stammered: "this is almond. It's delicious. Elder martial brother brought it to me. It's made by villagers at the foot of the mountain. It's not pesticide. It's authentic." 

See when Qing or stare at him do not speak, the young Taoist priest handsome face is full of red. 

He added: "I used to eat a few from time to time. After eating it, I feel the whole mouth is delicious. Anyway, waiting is also waiting. This is for you to eat." 

Shi Qing glanced at the almond that he put in his hand, the end of his eye slightly picked up, and he leaned back and opened his mouth. 

It's obvious that someone has to feed it. 

Meng Qing saw, blushed more fierce, but still took almonds to the devil's mouth. 

The devil's lips did not move, a roll of tongue, the almond rolled into his mouth. 

The young Taoist priest's hand trembled with his movement. 

Teng -- 

he even dyed his neck red. He nervously put his hand behind his back and stammered: "you, what do you do?" 

"What else can you do with almonds?" 

The next time, the whole person lay down on the bench and opened his mouth: "it tastes good, little Taoist, and then feed." 

Meng Qing's face was red, and she used a handkerchief to wipe the wet on her fingers. She lifted her eyes to see Shiqing, and her cheeks were full of blush. 

He said in a low voice, "don't touch me again.""Look at my mood." 

When Qing finished, he opened his mouth: "ah." 

So, the young Taoist priest sat beside him, with the devil's long legs on his legs and fed him almonds one by one. 

See when Qing eat happy, he did not resist, he also ate one. 

In the end, it becomes: 

he has one, he has one, and he has one. 

They had a good time. 

The young man running up with Zhang Haixiang looked at the scene 

He was dead, and naturally he could see the Qi of Shi Qing and Meng Qing. 

A black one scares people to death. 

A white one scares people to death. 

These two people can be very peaceful together to eat. 

The world is really crazy. 

Although he didn't know each other, he didn't know each other. The young man stood on tiptoe and squatted carefully to Zhang Haixiang. 

Facing the wall, Zhang Haixiang looks like "I am autistic". 

"Dr. Zhang." 

The young man poked Zhang Haixiang carefully. 

"Don't be too sad about that. You're going to die anyway." 

Zhang Haixiang leaned his forehead against the wall. 

"I don't want to die." 

The young man said he understood. 

"Well, in fact, Dr. Zhang, if you think about it, the world is so big that even if we die, it will not affect it." 

He sighed, "I can't accept it when I just died, but I don't think I'm married yet, and there's a brother on the bottom, and there's a brother on top of me. I'm dead. My parents grieved for a while, and my brother and brother can't help it." 

"Doctor Zhang, do you feel much better when you think about it?" 

Zhang Haixiang is even more autistic. He bumps into the wall: 

"how can I die? My wife and I are both only children. My wife is not in good health. My daughter is still so young. My mother is old. My father has been in a car accident and coughs every three days. And my father-in-law's mother-in-law. If I leave, what will happen to the two families?" 

"The mortgage and car loan have not been clear, my daughter has not yet gone to kindergarten, she likes painting, we had discussed to wait for her to be a little older to send her to learn painting, but now I'm dead, the family suddenly lost a person to make money, she certainly can't learn." 

No house, no car, no wife, no child, no boy:.... " 

He gave a dry smile and said, "in that case, it seems that your death is not very good indeed." 

"But since it's all like this, there's no way to change it. Just accept the reality." 

Zhang Haixiang has closed himself to bang bang against the wall. 

"Well, Doctor Zhang, don't hit the wall, don't hit it!" 

Zhang Haixiang shook off him and took his hand: "you don't stop me. Anyway, I'm a ghost. It doesn't hurt to hit the wall. Let me hit the wall and calm down." 

Bumping into, he suddenly felt wrong. He moved his head back in a daze and reached for a big swelling bag. 

Zhang Haixiang: 

Young man: "I just wanted to say, although it's a ghost, we can all touch other people except that we can't touch people. Of course, it will hurt if we hit a wall, but it won't die. Oh, no, it should be said that it's just because it's dead, so it won't die again." 

Zhang Haixiang: 

The young man patted him on the shoulder: "that's why we came to see you for treatment. You are a ghost doctor. The wound you treated will heal quickly. If it doesn't hurt, you can go to the hell. Otherwise, it has been delayed here. It's better to dissipate the pain every day." 

Zhang Haixiang: 

Just now he listened to the ghost doctor and ghost doctor. He thought it was the doctor who became a ghost. It turned out to be the ghost doctor. 

With a big swelling on his forehead, he looked up at the young man in front of him: 

"if it hurts all the time, can't we go to the hell?" 

"That's not true. I wanted to go for a long time, but it hurt all the time, so I couldn't go." 

Zhang Haixiang looked at his wife, who was waiting anxiously at the door of the operating room, and his daughter, who had been looking at him. He bit his teeth, turned his head and continued to bang against the wall. 

"Well, Dr. Zhang, what are you doing?" 

Zhang Haixiang banged against the wall and gritted his teeth with pain. "I'm not going to the hell! I'm going to stay here and watch over my family. " 

Young man: "wait a minute, Doctor Zhang, you calm down, don't be impulsive first!" 

Zhang Haixiang continued to bang against the wall: 

"I'm not impulsive, I think very clearly, I can't go, I have to accompany them, pain will hurt, man man, what is this pain! Don't stop me, I must stay! " 

Young man: "no, I want to say that you are a ghost doctor. You have merits. Even if you are injured and dead, you will go directly to the hell." 

Zhang Haixiang, who banged against the wall:.... "He stopped and turned to look at the young man: "can this merit be given to others? Here you go 

"Merit is a good thing. How can you give it to me? With merit, you will definitely have a good birth in your next life." 

Zhang Haixiang touched the bag on his forehead, turned around without expression, leaning against the wall, and his eyes always fell on his wife and daughter. 

"Does the next life matter to this life?" 

"When I was a child, I was weak and always sick. It was my parents who took care of me every night and raised me carefully. My wife and I were married after eight years of long-distance running. Our daughters were good since childhood. I didn't fulfill my duty of being a father. I was busy at work and didn't have time to play with her." 

As he said that, he looked at the little girl who did not know her father was in danger. She was chasing the sun on the ground, bouncing and bouncing, with a smile on her face without haze. 

Looking at it, Zhang Haixiang also laughed: 

"my girl is very good. She never blames her father for not playing with her. When I go home from work at normal time, she calls her father to run over as soon as I open the door. She will follow me in everything I do, just like a little follower." 

Laughing, laughing, crying. 

"She's so young, she doesn't know anything, she doesn't learn anything, how can I How can I leave her here? My wife is weak. How can she survive alone... " 

Zhang Haixiang sucked his nose and wiped his tears: "even if they can't see me, I will stay here, accompany them and watch my daughter grow up." 

When Qing bit almond, chewed a few mouthfuls, looked to Zhang Haixiang: "you this idea is very good, but there is a problem." 

"After staying in the world for a long time, ghosts will gradually forget what they have experienced before, and then slowly forget who they are. Finally, they will become wandering souls and live in a muddle every day." 

"At the end of the day, there are only obsessions left, but they can't tell whether they love or hate the one they care about. You don't want to become a wandering soul and follow your family every day to harm them unconsciously." 

Zhang Haixiang is more miserable. 

His face was full of tears and his nose was full of tears. He turned his head, his face was against the wall, and he continued to cry in silence. 

The young man was right next to him. He sighed and patted him on the shoulder: "I'm sorry, Doctor Zhang." 

"In fact, you are very lucky to leave like this. You can see that there are so many people in this hospital. How many ghosts are staying here because of injuries. There are too few ghost doctors like you. Generally, ghost doctors stay for one day at most and are taken away by ghost messengers. They will end up either spirited or wandering." 

"Is it better, then?" 

Zhang Haixiang wiped his tears and looked at his wife and daughter. He felt his hair which was too much less than that of his peers. He cried like a child. 

"Is it really impossible? Must I go? " 

When Qing twisted the body, turned a direction, lying on Meng Qing's leg: "according to common sense, you have to go when your life is up." 

Meng Qing turned his head to see Zhang Haixiang, and was held by the devil and asked him to turn back to see himself. 

"You always look at what others see, I am your lover, look at me." 

And he opened his mouth 

The young Taoist priest blushed and faced the shame of being seen by others, and continued to feed Shiqing almond. 

Before he feeds, he will open his palm and choose. 

Big, plump, good-looking almonds to eat. 

Small, not good-looking for their own to eat. 

The young man looked at them enviously and sighed: "why do I have to watch people show love when I die? Ah, I hope I can be a single dog in my next life." 

He patted Zhang Haixiang on the shoulder: 

"it's OK, Doctor Zhang. Don't comfort me. I'm much better with you and me." 

Zhang Haixiang also looked at them with grief on his face. 

"It's the same with my wife at home." 

Young man:.... " 

He thought about how to eat dog food every day when he was a man. 

When a ghost, how can I eat double. 

Just thinking about it, he saw Zhang Haixiang staggering up and facing them. 

He hurriedly wanted to take Zhang Haixiang's hand. After a slow step, he quickly and quietly compared: "Doctor Zhang, don't go. That's two bullshit characters. Waving your hand can make us die." 

Zhang Haixiang didn't listen to him. He still touched his swollen forehead and went to the two people's side. 

He bowed first, and then asked, "two gentlemen, you said to take my ride to the underworld. Do you know exactly when I will die?" 

When Qing used head to rub against Meng Qing: "you tell him." 

Meng Qing obediently stretched out his hand to calculate, a few seconds later raised his eyes: "12:53:07 at noon." 

"You have three hours left." 

When Qing waved his hand, there was an extra large clock on the wall, and it was moving with a click."If you don't do something, do it." 

Zhang Haixiang looked at the clock, which symbolized the countdown of his life, wiped his tears and bowed again: 

"thank you." 

He went back to the young man: "didn't you say that there are a lot of ghosts in the hospital who can't leave? Let them come here, and I will heal them. " 

"Ah?" 

The young man was confused: "now? But a lot of it. Ghost doctors also need energy. You will be very tired. " 

"Tired, tired, who let me be a doctor." 

Zhang Haixiang wiped away his tears and tried to straighten his back: "I could be tired to death when I was alive. Now I am dead. I can't be tired to death again." 

"Anyway, I can't stay. It's better to do good deeds, that is, hope, hope..." "I don't want a good fetus either. I'll do more good deeds. I hope the blessing will come to my family." 

Young man: "this seems to be unable to operate, merit is their own, only you can use." 

"No matter who made me a doctor." 

"Well, if you don't feel tired." 

He ran to the window, poked his head out and yelled at the bottom: 

"Hello!! Below!! Ghost doctor on top! If you want to cure the injury, come on! It's only three hours 

When he finished, he sat down next to Zhang Haixiang again. Zhang looked at the empty corridor and said, "no ghost." 

"They are all on the way up." 

The young man poked out his neck and took aim: "there are too many ghosts that can't walk in the hospital. Moreover, Doctor Zhang, you are a living soul. Many ghosts can't recognize you, otherwise I won't look for you for so long." 

Zhang Haixiang also looked down: "a lot? I didn't notice, I don't know how much... " 

His words choked in his throat. 

In the stairwell, a group of ghosts from Wuyang and Wuyang came up. They were so crowded that every eye was filled with the desire to live. 

"Is it a ghost doctor?" 

"It's really a ghost doctor!" 

"Woo Hoo woo, that's great. I don't think my brain is working very well recently. I thought I was going to become a wandering soul." 

"Ah, isn't this Doctor Zhang! Dr. Zhang, do you still remember me? No, I, the one a year ago, you treated my leg. As a result, I was really unlucky. I had a car accident six months ago and hung up as soon as I entered the hospital. " 

"Dr. Zhang, we are on good terms. You should treat me first." 

"Go and wait in line. I came first, master ghost doctor. I didn't expect that you were so young. I thought the ghost doctor was an old man and I couldn't find it after looking for it for several times." 

Zhang Haixiang looked at the ghost mountain and the ghost sea in front of him 

The original hospital, so many ghosts 

These ghosts can't squeeze, but they all have tacit agreement to avoid Shiqing and Mengqing. 

When Qing didn't move, he just yelled: "doctor, you don't have to treat it like you were alive. Just pinch it with your hands." 

"Hands?" 

Zhang Haixiang tentatively pinched the neck of the first ghost to cure the wound. Sure enough, as soon as he pinched it, the blood stopped flowing. 

But for the first time, I pinched a sharp point. 

Zhang Haixiang: 

"I'm sorry. I'll press it again." 

"It's OK. It's OK." 

The ghost covered his neck and ran out: "thank you, my mother, I've been dead for 20 years, and it's time to reincarnate. Last time I met a ghost errand, I told me that if I don't hurry, my mother will give birth to a dead baby." 

"Master ghost doctor! I'll go to the dead River first, my Lord. We'll meet again! " 

"Ah, wait." 

He came back again and gave Zhang Haixiang a bear hug: "adult, I know you cry, give you a hug, don't cry." 

With that, he ran away again. 

Zhang Haixiang: What a lively ghost 

The next time, as if tirelessly, he treated every wounded ghost. 

Because this is different from the ordinary treatment, the treatment is very fast, but always standing still, a little tired. 

The young man had been cured for a long time, and he was not in a hurry to reincarnate. He watched Zhang Haixiang stop and rub his eyebrows. He suggested, "Doctor Zhang, take a rest. It's too much energy." 

Zhang Haixiang looked up at the ghost in line and tried to stand up straight: "it's OK. I'll cure them all while I'm still here. Otherwise, they'll have to wait." 

And they may not wait for the next ghost doctor to arrive and become a ghost first. 

He just pinched the wound for a Piao, and with a tired smile, he said to the young man on one side: "treating ghosts is easier than treating people." 

"That's not true." 

The young man said, and stood up and yelled: "ah, line up to the left, don't look at his wife and daughter in front of the ghost doctor." 

Zhang's mother was standing in front of the door, but no one was standing in the door.He wanted to cry again. 

I don't know how long the action of pinching the wound is repeated. As time goes by, most of the ghosts in the queue have been reduced. 

Ding! 

The elevator door opened. 

The two old men came to each other. 

At this moment, time seems to have stopped. Zhang Haixiang was staring at them and staggered to the door of the operating room. 

His wife went up to meet her, and before her words could be uttered, tears had already fallen. 

"Dad, mom, you're here." 

"Haixiang, Haixiang, is he in there? I hear, I hear Xiao Liu say, it's dangerous, isn't it? " 

Mother Zhang opened her mouth first, and saw her daughter-in-law covering her mouth and crying, her tears also went down. "How could this be? How could it be like this?" 

"Haixiang!! Haixiang, how can you give up? Your daughter is still so young... " 

She couldn't see. Behind her, her son was crying and treating patients. 

"Dr. Zhang, are your parents here? Why don't you go and have a look, we don't care. " 

The only one who was treated by him floated to see him like this, carefully comforted: "you go to have a look, and the old man said goodbye." 

Zhang Haixiang bowed his head in embarrassment: "no, no, it's my unfilial, let them send the white hair to the black hair, they can't see me." 

"Time is running out. I'll hurry up." 

The clock hanging on the wall is always walking, time is passing by. 

Finally, at 12:43, there was no ghost in the corridor. 

They're all healed. They're in the dead river line. 

Shiqing also got up and yawned, urging Zhang Haixiang, who was already tired, to shake: "doctor, it's time to go." 

Zhang Haixiang raised his head, looked at the clock, and looked at his relatives, "is not there another ten minutes?" 

"Go early. There's a surprise." 

Shiqing didn't look at the clock. He took Meng Qing's hand and looked at the watch on his wrist: "what's the matter? Isn't ghost going to work half an hour ahead of time? Where have you been 

Zhang Haixiang has been following the young man carefully showed a flattering smile: "I just saw ghost bad." 

"But he looked at you both from a distance and ran away." 

"Oh..." 

Shi Qing nodded his head and said to Meng Qing, "it's estimated that the ghost errand is a senior. I've seen me beat the king of hell." 

"Come on, let's go our own way." 

"Doctor, it's time to go. What else do you want to say 

Zhang Haixiang looked at the operating room with the lights on and the relatives waiting outside, and looked down at his shaking hands. 

"I should be a good doctor." 

"I want to recite a paragraph." 

When Qing leans on Meng Qing's body: "your back." 

The doctor stood there, looking at his family from a distance: 

"health depends on life. 

When I enter the sacred Medical College, I solemnly swear: 

I volunteer to devote myself to medicine, love the motherland, be loyal to the people, abide by medical ethics, respect teachers and disciplines, study hard, work tirelessly, strive for improvement and develop in an all-round way. 

I am determined to spare no effort to eliminate the suffering of human beings, to help the perfection of health, and to maintain the holiness and honor of medicine. Save the dying and heal the wounded, persevere in pursuit and strive for the development of social medical and health undertakings and human physical and mental health for life 

On the dead River, countless a Piao are lining up. 

Ghost is maintaining order: "male left female right, male left female right, in the middle of the demon station." 

"When the time is near, turn right to do the urgent work. If you are not in a hurry, wait. Don't jump in the queue. Don't rush to reincarnate. Reincarnation depends on fate, not on the line you line up. If you don't want to reincarnate, don't stand on the bridge and go to the river." 

There are ghosts pushing the car by: 

"peanuts, melons and watermelon." 

"Cola milk tea coffee." 

"It's only 100 million for a cup and 100 million for a cup." 

Looking at this scene, Zhang Haixiang said Isn't this the railway station? " 

"Almost, more and more young people are dying now, and the old netherworld will keep pace with the times." 

A Piao on one side of the line, see Zhang Haixiang, eyes are bright. 

"Master ghost doctor, you are here too. It's so fast." 

"Oh, my Lord, are you in a hurry? No, we are in a hurry. I'm in the front of the line." 

Meng Qing came to the dead river for the first time. His eyes were bright and he looked at the beautiful scene. 

"It's beautiful." 

He felt the soft palm of the devil in his hand, and suddenly felt his heart beat fast. 

"Shiqing..." 

The young Taoist priest couldn't help crying out. He turned his head, but he was stunned. 

The devil is putting a donation box on the ground, on which are written a few big words:Ghost doctors raise money. 

Meng Qing did not understand: "Shiqing, what do you do?" 

"In exchange." 

The devil raised his hand, a contract to the palm, and then raised his hand, the contract lightly floated to the ghost doctor. 

"Ghost doctor, give me the merits and virtues, and I will let you live again." 

Zhang Haixiang widened his eyes and nodded: "good! Good 

"Then sign." 

He quickly shook his hands, picked up the pen and signed the messy handwriting on it. 

Shiqing took back the contract and looked at the doctor's signature with satisfaction. 

"I can bring you back to life, but how many years you can live depends on how many patients you save are willing to give you." 

He cleared his throat: "here, the ghost doctor's donation life is over. Those who have been saved by him want to donate, and those who don't want to donate should not be heard." 

Zhang Haixiang nervously stood aside. 

He looked at the bewildered faces and cheered himself up in the bottom of his heart. It didn't matter, one day or two. As long as he was allowed to go back and spend more time with his family, everything would be fine. 

The young man took the lead and said, "I, one year, I'm sorry, Doctor Zhang, although the next life is a little far away, but it's also me. I'll only donate for one year." 

Zhang Haixiang couldn't speak, and nodded his head. 

"One year is enough, enough, thank you!" 

Another ghost before: "I also a year, Doctor Zhang, if not for you, I would have to wait, thank you." 

"I'm half a year. I'm sorry, doctor. I went to ask about it just now. Ghost messenger said that I can only live to 48 in the next life, so I'll donate less." 

"I'll live to ninety, doctor, for two years!" 

"One day, doctor, I'll die in my next life. I'll give you one day in two days." 

Zhang Haixiang has been thanking him. If a ghost comes, just say thank you. 

Almost every ghost said to him: 

"I should thank you. If it wasn't for the doctor, I wouldn't have a chance to come down." 

How many ghosts are there in a hospital. 

Shi Qing gathered in front of the donation box. 

"That's enough. If you donate the doctor again, you'll live into an old goblin." 

Zhang Haixiang didn't know what to say any more. He could only keep bowing. 

Thank you. Thank you 

Meng Qing stood on one side and looked at the man who said that he was the great devil. When Qing shook the donation box, he took out his life and put it on Zhang Haixiang. 

His eyes gradually softened. 

On the dead River, there are scattered lights floating around, more beautiful than the star river. 

The young Taoist priest walked over and gently held the devil's hand. 

Shi Qing turned to look at him: "what are you doing?" 

Meng Qing red face, gently called a: "devil." 

When the power of the contract came into effect, he came over and gave the devil a little kiss on his white cheek. 

Doctor Zhang is not in danger for the time being. His vital signs are very stable. It's only a matter of time to wake up. Sister in law, you can be patient and so on 

Zhang Haixiang listened to his colleagues and opened his eyes slowly. 

He looked at the ceiling and was stunned for a long time before he called out: "Er er..." 

His wife almost immediately ran over and rushed to the bedside: "Haixiang, you scared me to death!" 

"No, no more..." 

Zhang Haixiang moved his fingers hard and landed on his wife's hair. He gently comforted her: "we are going to live together until we are 85 years old." 

"What nonsense are you talking about?" 

The wife calmed down, wiped tears to stand up, touched her husband's face with heartache. 

"You see, you've lost so much weight." 

"Ah? What's the swelling on your head? Didn't you go to the operating room before? " 

Zhang Haixiang tried to reach out his hand, touched the swelling bag on his forehead and revealed a smile: "it's OK. It's very painful." 

"You've lost your sleep. It hurts well." 

Zhang Haixiang recovered faster than everyone imagined. On the third day, he was able to walk around the building with the help of his wife. 

Today is obstetrics and gynecology. He has a senior brother here. Zhang Haixiang is waiting for him to leave work. 

Sitting and sitting, suddenly heard the loud cry of the child. 

A sick room door opened, parents holding their children out, whispered: "ancestor, you can not cry, just born three days, how can you cry so." 

In the corridor, a family member of a pregnant woman approached curiously: "ah, what's the matter with the child's neck?" 

"Born like this, the doctor said it's OK. It's just a little bit more meat. When you grow up, you can cut it off. If you don't, it won't affect you." 

Zhang Haixiang slowly walked past and looked at the child crying in his grandmother's arms. A small tug was slightly protruding on his neck. 

He stretched out his hand and said to the parents, "let me hold it, I will coax the child."Parents didn't take it seriously. They handed their grandson over carefully. 

Zhang Haixiang held the baby carefully and slowly swayed: 

"I'll give you a hug. Don't cry." 

The baby looked at him with black eyes and smacked his lips. 

At the moment, he didn't know anything, he couldn't speak and he couldn't understand. But looking at the doctor who was smiling, he felt very comfortable. 

Smack, smack, smack. 

I really don't cry.





 Shi Qing and Meng Qing found a fortune teller under the bridge. 

The fortune teller, dressed in yellow waistcoat, long beard and sunglasses, claimed to be blind. He spoke with a local accent. Maybe he felt hot. He held a towel in his hand and wiped the water from his forehead for a while. In front of him was a gossip map. 

Knowing that Shi Qing and Meng Qing wanted to tell fortune, he first picked up the turtle shell and shook it. Then he poured out the copper coins inside. Looking at the copper coins on the ground for half a minute, he sighed and his face was miserable. 

"Oh, no wonder, you two are here to count your feelings. Oh, you two are going to be obstructed when you are together." 

Meng Qing opened her eyes slightly and looked up and down at this one in front of her. She didn't look like a orthodox fortune teller. She hesitated gradually. 

He quietly came to Shi Qing's ear and whispered, "how does he know we're here to count our feelings?" 

Originally, Shiqing saw him and said he would take him to calculate. Meng Qing was not very happy. 

After all, he is an orthodox Taoist, but every time he and Shiqing are counted, nothing can be calculated. 

It can be understood that Shiqing is not a human being. Of course, nothing can be calculated. 

Now, this seemingly unreliable fortune teller actually said it. 

The devil took a sip of the milk tea on his hand and raised the hand held by the young Taoist priest to the top. 

Learning from Meng Qing's appearance, he reached the Taoist priest's ear, and his bewitching voice was low: "in this full street, you can see which two men of our age hold hands." 

Meng Qing suddenly realized. 

The "master" is still talking. 

"Oh, you are doomed to be a family member." 

"Especially you." 

He pointed to is smiling at his own time Qing, touching his beard a face of profound mystery: "your family, can't accommodate you." 

"It may be your pull-out or your numbness. In a word, they will obstruct you, but don't worry. If you meet me, it's your good luck. I will relieve your evil spirit and help you avoid this danger." 

Shi Qing still smiles: "so master, how much does this evil spirit cost?" 

"Well, talk about money." 

The fortune teller waved his hand and said, "I don't love money." then he stretched out his hand and put up three fingers: 

"300." 

"Well, I'll give you three hundred." 

Shi Qing took out 300 yuan and handed it to the master. He was still smiling and looked very good-natured. 

"But master, you have to sign for me. If what you say is false, you have to pay for it." 

Fortune teller: 

He looked carefully at the two men in front of him with his sunglasses. 

They're all big, long legs, big tall. 

Meng Qing is OK. Although she is handsome, she is good at temper. 

One side of the time is not the same, although it is smiling, but looking at the special danger. 

Besides, he wears sunglasses, as well as Shiqing. 

Obviously, they are all black. His sunglasses are just like blind people. When Qing wears them, they are handsome. 

Not to mention appearance and temper, these two men are two strong young men, he must be unable to beat. 

Thinking, he pulled his face. 

"Even if you believe it, if you don't believe it, it doesn't matter if you don't believe it. Moss wants to do this and that." 

With that, he put out his hand, collected the stall, and picked up the walking stick for the blind. One hand was holding his own stall, while the other was groping in front of him. 

Very blind. 

When Qing pick eyebrow, big long leg forward a stride, block in front of him: "master, don't calculate?" 

"If you don't believe me, you're a moss. Don't forget it." 

The fortuneteller fumbled in front of him, groping and saying, "don't block me. I'm blind. You'll bully me." 

"I tell you, I can see ghosts since I was three years old, and I can communicate Yin and Yang when I was five years old. I have been worshipped by experts since I was a child. I have been out of the mountain since I was a teenager. I don't know how many people I have counted. It's very effective!" 

At the moment, an aunt passed by. She was wearing colorful clothes and was on her way. When she heard them talking, she glanced at them and said to herself: 

"the fortune teller has come out again to deceive people." 

Fortune teller 

With a dry cough, he pretended he didn't hear anything and continued to fumble along. 

When he saw this, he said angrily, "what are you doing? Are you a young man and bullying a blind old man like me! There's no reason for that! " 

How do you know I'm a young man 

Fortune teller: 

"Then I, then I can't count it, I can't figure it out."Meng Qing gently pulled the demon's hand. 

"Forget it." 

"I have something to do with him," he said 

After whispering with his lover, he continued to ask the fortune teller, "are you really blind?" 

Fortune teller straightened up: "yes, I'm really blind!" 

"No lies?" 

"I lied to you to be moss." 

The devil stretched out his hand as fast as the wind and took off the glasses on his face. 

The two men looked at each other. 

The fortune teller looked at Shi Qing with his eyes open 

After a few seconds, he immediately began to have no eyes, reached out and groped in front of him: "you are moss! Give me your eyes back. If you bully a blind man, your conscience will not hurt! " 

"Really blind?" he said 

"Of course." 

Fortune teller: "if you don't like it, I'm not polite." 

"Green dragon!" he cried 

"Qinglong 

There was no response after several shouts. 

His face was stiff. 

Then he changed his name: "Wangcai!" 

"Bark, bark, bark, bark!" 

The dog barked almost immediately from far to near. A black hyacinth came running happily with his tail wagging and his rope in his mouth. 

It is also * * on the body, while running, dripping water on its hair. 

When the master's feet, it obediently put the rope on the ground, squatting beside the fortune teller, with his tongue sticking out and his head crooked, he looked at Shiqing and Meng Qing cleverly. 

Meng Qing likes animals. As soon as her sight falls on Wangcai, she can't help but soften down. 

Fortune teller fumbled and squatted down with his hands on the ground. 

Wangcai saw it, picked up the rope on the ground, raised his head and sent it to his hand. 

With the rope in his hand, the fortune teller was right. 

"See, this is my guide dog." 

"Aren't most of the guide dogs Labrador?" Shi Qing looked at the adult black dog: "this one seems to be a Chinese garden dog." 

"Which said that the guide dog can only be a breed of dog, my dog is a guide dog, no, you see." 

With that, he closed his eyes and took the local dog named Wangcai in his hand and walked steadily forward. 

Wangcai is also like what he said. He trots forward with small steps. When he encounters obstacles, he shouts, and then the owner who closes his eyes will walk around. 

As the fortune teller walked, he called out in front of him: "see, I can walk so far." 

He took a few more steps: "look, guide dog!" 

A few more steps: "I'm not lying to you." 

Then he went all the way to the corner. When he was sure that Shiqing and Meng Qing could not see themselves, he took the dog and began to run. 

"Let's go, let's get rich." 

A man and a dog ran across the river, and then ran to rows of trees. 

The devil took Meng Qing to sit on the tree and looked at the back of a man and a dog running fast. 

Meng Qing waited until the fortune teller had run away, and then turned to ask Shi Qing, "what do you want to do with him? I don't think he's a common person, and he doesn't look like a bad guy. Although he's not sure, he's just as angry as a normal person. " 

Fortune tellers like this are all over the street. They are just like this one when they come out. 

Shi Qing's shoulder pressed against Meng Qing's shoulder, felt the warmth from him and yawned: 

"kiss me and tell you." 

Meng Qing's ear was red. 

Now the sun is about to set, and the sky around him is gradually getting dark. But in his eyes, he still sees the devil very clearly. 

The devil's eyes are always smiling and bending slightly, and the corners of his eyes are up. 

The red lips of the devil. 

The devil's beautiful slender hands. 

He approached slightly, and under the cover of the branches, he fulfilled the requirements of Shiqing. 

When he turned back, the ear tip of the young Taoist priest was already red. 

He took the initiative to reach out his hand and gently pulled Shiqing, with a kind of shyness in his warm voice: 

"you can exchange it without it." 

"Even if you don't exchange it, I'll kiss you." 

"Oh?" 

The demon king looked at him with a smile and leaned on the other side's arms: "then why have you never seen your initiative?" 

Meng Qing's face turned red. 

This time, he took the initiative, slightly lowered his head, and again completed a deeper communication activity under the shelter of the branches. 

The young Taoist priest carefully held the devil's hand, unconsciously kneaded his soft palm with his fingertips, and asked expectantly: 

"when this is done, you and I will go back to see Master." 

Speaking of this, his face even redder. He blinked embarrassed, his long eyelashes drooped, and said in a low voice, "master raised me. I want to, I want to go to see him with you."This sentence means to see the parents. 

"No problem." 

When Qing agreed, smile of amuse Meng Qing: "if your master does not agree." 

Meng Qing is actually thinking about this issue these days. 

He said seriously: "master does not agree, I will ask the master to agree." 

He said, "don't worry. Master has lived for a long time. He should be more receptive to this kind of thing than ordinary people." 

Shi Qing nodded: "Zhengxing has lived for a long time." 

"Five hundred years ago, I met him once, but at that time he was only 200 years old. He had not yet worshipped the halal temple or practiced Taoism. He saw me from a distance and ran away." 

Meng Qing was bewildered. 

500 years, plus 200 years. 

Isn't that 700 years? 

He always thought that the master was only over 100 years old. Although he said that practicing Taoism could prolong life span, human life could not be prolonged any more. At most 200 years could not survive. 

The young Taoist priest blinked a little perplexed: "that master It's amazing. It's over 700 years old. " 

"Well, it's tough, but it's too timid." 

Shi Qing skips the topic, "do you bring stealth symbols?" 

Meng Qing took out the invisible talisman. 

They pasted one of them and headed for the blind fortune teller's place just now. 

The blind fortune teller, whose surname is Zhang, is called blind Zhang. 

Of course, he is not really blind. He just puts on sunglasses and pretends to be blind so that guests can trust him. 

He grew up here when he was a child. Before this side, it was a remote country. Although the scenery was beautiful, the villagers were poor and grew up here. The scenery that could only be seen and could not be eaten was useless for them. 

Later, it was developed into a tourist area, and tourists came here, which made the villagers earn more. 

Zhang Xiazi is an orphan and has no land. 

When he was young, he didn't do this fortune telling business. He was an ordinary labor worker. Later, he became tired and lay in bed for many days. After that, he couldn't do too much work. 

No way. He began to find a way to make a living. 

He was really raised by a real blind man, who was also a fortune teller, but he did not learn the skills of the other party. Now that he is older, he can only learn while reading books. He goes out to set up a stall in the daytime and comes back to read various fortune telling books at night. 

People in the town all know that his life is hard. He was lost by his parents when he was a child. It was very difficult for someone to pick him up. As a result, he died when he was a teenager. 

He was left alone to make a living and get a daughter-in-law, such as Zhu Rubao's holding in the palm of his hand. As a result, he became ill and collapsed in bed to be cared for. 

They also have no children, medical expenses, the cost of asking someone to take care of patients, all of which have to be carried by the blind Zhang alone. 

Although some people don't like him, most people don't say much when they see him fooling people. 

Although Zhang Xiazi doesn't have any professional level, he also has some professional qualities. 

Fortune telling is ten yuan a time. He basically says it with good words. 

For example, when a mother-in-law comes to count her daughter-in-law, she says that her daughter-in-law dominates the whole family. She says that her daughter-in-law is quite normal, just an ordinary person. 

Another example is that when a child comes to see him when he is ill, he does not deceive. He directly says that he can't see the disease and let him go to the hospital. 

Because I've always been careful and I haven't had any trouble. 

If there is a thing, people suspect him, he began to pretend blind, let his guide dog Wangcai take him home. 

Most people don't care about a blind man. 

Money can be made, but people have to be OK first. 

This afternoon, I set up a stall all afternoon, including the two just now, I saw five people and made 50 yuan. 

Zhang went back home and rubbed his head with Wangcai: "good boy, today it depends on you." 

"But next time I call you Qinglong, you have to promise, you know? Qinglong sounds more imposing than Wangcai. Ah, I blame me. When I brought you back, how could I give you such a local name as Wangcai? " 

As a result, now it only recognizes Wangcai, not Qinglong. 

The black native dog spits out his tongue and looks at him obediently. His face is full of cleverness. 

"Forget it. I've been calling you Wangcai for more than ten years. It's not easy to change it." 

Zhang sighed, rubbed his eyebrows, touched his head again with a tired smile, and began to tidy up the cooking. 

After cooking, hang it first, then wash your face, wipe the wet place on your back, and look up and down in the mirror to make sure that there is no tired look on his face. After that, he goes to serve his wife's excrement and urine, change her clothes, and let her breathe. 

His wife couldn't move, so she could only open her mouth and speak. When she saw him back, she burst out a smile on her face: "you today Tired or not? ""Not tired." 

Blind Zhang was in high spirits. While wiping her body, he said with a smile, "today is a very interesting day. A 10-year-old primary school student is supposed to travel with his parents. He secretly comes to me with money and asks me to help him figure out when he can escape from the sea of study." 

"I asked him about his age and what grade he was in, and then told him how old he was when he graduated from the University. The boy still has more than ten years to learn, and his face is gray." 

His wife weak smile: "how can you meet such a funny thing every day, every day." 

"I'm lucky. I'm the luckiest in the whole town." 

Zhang continued: "today I saw two men hand in hand telling fortunes. Now the times are really different from before. They are generous and open-minded, but they are really good-looking. Ah, good-looking boy dolls are all together." 

His wife listened to her husband's interesting stories with a smile, nodding her head hard while listening. 

When the blind man Zhang made it clear, the clothes were changed, the room was ventilated, and the rice hung before was better. 

He began to feed again. 

While feeding, he said, "Wangcai is old and obedient as before." 

Don't he catch fish in the river? I always set up a stall and he went to catch fish. When I called out, he came back. This dog is intelligent. We raised it since we were young. He regards us as parents 

His wife laughs. 

But it's tiring to laugh and hard to laugh. 

She couldn't open her eyes a little. 

She couldn't eat any more. She said to her husband vaguely, "Lao Zhang, I think it's time for me." 

"No, no, how could it be? You are only in your early forties, and you will have a long time to go." 

"No, I'm a drag to live like this. We've been married for 20 years, and I've dragged you down for 10 years. You can't afford to delay any more. You can't make yourself look like this because of me. I know you have real skills. It's all because of me..." 

"No, you're not a drag." 

Blind Zhang sniffed. "People say I'm not lucky, but I know that I'm lucky." 

He reached out his hand, touched his wife's stiff fingers and massaged her once and for all. "You see, I was an orphan and was thrown away since I was a child. As a result, my master picked me up and raised me until I was a teenager. That's when I could make a living on my own." 

"Living alone, I met you in my early twenties. I also have a daughter-in-law and a family. If I'm not lucky, how can I be so lucky?" 

He said a lot, but his wife could hardly hear it. 

People are always in a trance when they are about to die. 

The middle-aged woman staring at the ceiling, long, long sigh out a breath: "I can't, Lao Zhang, I can't hold." 

"I've got to go. You'll have a good time alone." 

"Don't go, don't go!" 

Blind Zhang quickly grasped his wife's hand and took money from his pocket: "you see, I've made money, I've made money, you see." 

"No more, no more..." 

Her daughter-in-law looked back, her hand suddenly moved and caught the blind man with tears in her eyes. 

"You are the last thing I can put down 

She didn't move. 

"Daughter in law, daughter-in-law?" 

He tried to squeeze out a smile, then lifted the bowl, and handed a spoonful of rice to his wife's mouth: "you see, I fried shredded potatoes today. Don't you like shredded potatoes? I cut it very carefully. You can eat it without any difficulty. " 

"I don't know. I don't like chili." 

"I met Wang Shuhua today. Don't you have a good relationship with her? As a result, she broke down my desk today. It's too bad. " 

"Today, our Wangcai is very strange. It didn't catch fish. It used to catch fish." 

"Daughter in law, come on, open your mouth and eat quickly. It's going to be cold." 

No one answered him. 

He slowly buried his head by the bed and began to cry in a low voice. 

From outside came the voice of Wangcai: "wangwangwangwang!" 

"Bark, bark, bark, bark!" 

Unfortunately, his master was so sad that he didn't want to come out and have a look. 

"What a good dog, don't you think?" 

Shiqing touched the dog's head and turned to ask Meng Qing, "do you think your master will like it?" 

Meng Qing hesitated. 

"Master, he I don't seem to like dogs. " 

Shi Qing: "it's OK. I think he'll like it when he sees it." 

Having said that, they went into the room together. 

The blind man in the room had cried and figured it out. 

In this world, he only has his daughter-in-law and Wangcai in the world.When Wang Caishou was sleeping, he would not live. 

Sobbing, he gently reached out his hand and found a white dress, which he put on his daughter-in-law's face. 

As a result, he was stunned. 

Holding clothes on the hand, is white swelling. 

Shiqing leads Wangcai in. As soon as Wangcai arrives at the blind man, he wags his tail and barks in a low voice. The aggrieved are more likely to groan than the dog. 

Blind Zhang looked at it blankly, stretched out his hand and touched it. 

Wangcai seldom calls it that way. 

It's the second time he's ever heard it say that since he grew up. 

When was the first time 

It seemed to him that rainy day appeared before him. 

He led Wangcai to walk on the bridge, his feet slipped, and the whole person slipped down. 

In fact, strictly speaking, he was not drowned, but hit his head on a stone in the river and then floated down the river. 

Wangcai jumped down and picked him up. 

It called to him, as it had been, in a low, sobbing, low voice. 

He felt the blood flowing all the time 

I was cold all over. 

He wants to sleep. He feels very tired. 

But I can't sleep. How can I sleep. 

Sleep, his daughter-in-law, his family wealth, what do they do. 

I can't put it down. 

How can they survive when he's gone. 

Especially his daughter-in-law, without him, who will take care of her, who will support her. 

Who will turn her over and help her change clothes. 

He slowly opened his eyes, sat up and led Wangcai home. 

In front of the mirror, he wiped his face, and his expression slowly became confused. 

It's strange. Why are you so wet. 

Blind Zhang stood up blankly. He turned around and saw his daughter-in-law looking at him. 

He didn't leave because he couldn't let her go. 

She didn't leave because she couldn't let him go. 

Outside the ghost differential carefully put out his head and said to Shi Qing: "big, adult, it's time for us to go..." 

Next to him, the colorful aunt also poked out her head curiously. Seeing the scene inside, she clapped her hands: "ah! younger sister! Lao Zhang! You're both dead. Come on, come on, and be my companion 

When Qing asked Meng Qing: "don't you see that he is a living corpse?" 

The young Taoist priest shook his head in shame: "I didn't see it. This is the first time I saw a living corpse." 

"A living corpse usually has obsession in order to maintain a normal person's appearance. His obsession is his wife." 

The devil asked his true lover, "do you have anything to say when you see this scene?" 

Meng Qing shook his head: "I have no, what do you want to say?" 

"Yes." 

Shi Qing yawned and leaned against the Taoist priest without any bones: 

"a family should be neat and tidy." 

With that, he snapped his fingers, and the black dog, which had been killed by both owners, ran over. 

The devil touched its head: "poor, they are all dead, only you." 

"But don't worry, I'll make you the first dog who can only cultivate." 

Meng Qing recalled the memory of the past, eyes bright to the lover: "if there is no one to help attract, is inseparable from the human world, to the soul, you specially come, is to help them." 

"Don't think so much." 

When clear pick eyebrow, hand touch dog's head: "I just want this dog, attract just by the way." 

Meng Qing did not expose him, only red face, quietly squatting beside the lover. 

"Let's meet my master." 

"No way 

"Absolutely not!" 

Meng Qing's master raised his white beard and was full of anger: "Meng Qing! You wake me up. How can you be with him! He is a devil! The devil 

"You! How can you be defiled by him, a good young man who has worked so hard to grow up and be upright? " 

"I tell you, even if you marry and have children, you can't be with him!" 

Meng Qing blushed and bowed her head, a little embarrassed: 

"master, Shi Qing and I are made for each other. We are destined to be married." 

"Who is going to vomit blood?" he said 

"Which tortoise grandson said that!" 

Meng Qing: "if not, why don't you let me get the certificate now, master?" 

On the right line: 

"Daosheng certificate needs education! You followed me since I was a child, and you didn't go to school. How can you take it? " 

However, no matter how much he vomited blood, Meng Qing's face was red and her voice was relatively low, but her expression was still firm: 

"I want to be with Shiqing, I like him!""No! I don't agree! " 

Zheng Xing suddenly stands up; 

"even if he is a devil, I am not afraid of him! I've been practicing for seven hundred years. I'm not afraid of anything! " 

He went out with all his might. 

Meng Qing ran after him: "master!" 

As soon as they went out, they saw Shiqing, who was holding Wangcai. 

The young Taoist priest had bright eyes and could not stop laughing. 

But Zhengxing, he stares at Wangcai, his expression is already stiff. 

Shi Qing: "I heard that the Taoist priest didn't agree with me and Qing Qing." 

On the right line Yes, yes! I just don't agree! I! Straight ahead! I don't agree 

"Well, Taoist priest, although I am a devil, I also respect you. This dog, even as a parting gift for Meng Qing and me, if you insist on breaking us up, you can take this dog." 

Meng Qing was stunned, his fists could not help but clench and stepped forward: "Shiqing..." 

The devil blinked at him and let go of the rope. 

Wangcai ran over happily. 

On the right line: 

Wangcai ran up to him. 

On the right line: 

Wangcai sticks out his tongue and sniffs at him. 

On the right line: 

On the right line: 

"Dog 

He sat down on the ground and became a big fat vole. 

Squeak like the wind ran away.





 Meng Qing did not expect that Zhengxing was a vole spirit. 

And, after seeing the dog, he didn't want to change back. 

So the young Taoist priest could only hold the fat vole carefully and talk to him in a low voice. 

"Master, I really like Shiqing." 

"He was gentle and kind, and though he was always fierce in his mouth, he did all good things." 

The field mouse's eyes turned to Shiqing, who was teasing Wangcai. 

He has no bones like, leaning against a tree, big long legs leisurely overlapping stand, a demon like face, right lip slightly raised, beautiful eye tail pick. 

What do you think? It's full of evil. 

On the right line: 

The blind apprentice was still saying: 

"although he is a devil, master, you have not taught me that as long as we have good thoughts, we should not take prejudice in our hearts 

The squeak of the field mouse. 

I was a goblin. I'm afraid you can't accept it when you find out, so I'll give you a vaccination in advance. 

Who knows this prevention needle actually is to such a devil to do a wedding dress! 

Meng Qing saw the master call, relieved, stretched out his hand, carefully held the master to stand up, so that it can face the face of Shiqing. 

"Master, you see, Shiqing is such a good devil." 

"I'm really happy to be with him." 

It's just like looking at a lump of black gas in the right line 

Meng Qing: "he is a devil. He doesn't need merit at all, but he just helped a doctor who died of overwork and exchanged merits with him." 

"Master, he is really good. When I saw him standing in the dead river of the underworld, I suddenly realized." 

The field mouse widened its small eyes and said, "squeak!! Squeak 

What's the matter with you! Why did you run to the dead river! 

How I taught you! Didn't I tell you that the living can't enter! 

However, his apprentice's lips with a smile, eyes still fall on the devil who is playing with the big dog. No, it's not falling, it's sticking to it. 

Zhengxing is in a hurry. He jumps up in his apprentice's palm, squeaks and tries to attract his attention, and draws Meng Qing's eyes back from the devil. 

However - 

"master, you think that's the case, right?" 

Meng Qing looked at her lover with a soft look in her eyes: "as long as we practice Taoism, as long as we have good thoughts and do good deeds, what are the other obstacles?" 

"Shiqing is a devil, but he was born to be a devil. Even if he was born, he couldn't decide his origin. In this case, why should he wear colored glasses to see him?" 

The field mouse tried to wriggle his fat body to pick and choose. 

"Squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak, squeak!" 

-- apprentice! Are you blind! You forgot what he did before?! You still hate him to gnash his teeth!! 

Young Taoist priest: "master, I understand that you want to tell me that people who practice Taoism don't have to worry too much. Thank you, master. If you hadn't given me support all the time, I would not have grown up like this." 

Vole: 

"Master, I know that you may not be able to accept it, but it doesn't matter. In the future, Shi Qing and I will visit you together. You will know that although he is a devil, he looks fierce and bad, but in fact, his heart is softened by everyone." 

On the right line: 

Demon, it seems that there is no heart. 

He couldn't stand this kind of communication. He bit his teeth and jumped out of his apprentice's hand. 

Standing on the ground was no longer a fat vole, but a Taoist in a Taoist robe and a long beard. 

"Meng Qing, let me tell you..." 

"Master." 

When Qing went up, he called out naturally: "master, have you changed back?" 

What's going on is that What do you call me 

"Master." 

The demon king smiles and leans on Meng Qing. 

The young Taoist priest reached out his hand skillfully and naturally, and took him to his side. He looked at each other casually with a strong love. 

In the right direction 

Blind his rat eyes. 

The demon king said: "since I and Meng Qing are all together, naturally I can call you a master." 

"Master, in fact, you don't have to be so entangled. Although I'm a demon, Meng Qing is not a human being. We are made in heaven and earth, and match each other very well." 

Meng Qing's face at a loss: "I am not a person?" 

He looked at the same gaping Zhengxing, and suddenly understood: "am I also a vole?" 

"Fart! You were brought from the foot of the mountain by your teacher. If you were not a person, how could you have been thrown at the foot of the mountain when you were just born! Listen to the devil"I'm not lying." 

Shi Qing raised his eyebrow: "there is pure Qi and turbid Qi in the world. I'm turbid Qi, and Meng Qing is pure Qi. Shifu, when you look at Meng Qing, don't you see his Qi? In this world, even the newborn baby doesn't have the breath. Meng Qing is so old. And, don't you think of any other possibilities? " 

On the right line: 

He thought he was gifted and raised such a good child for the first time. 

Even proud of it. 

He looked at a puzzled disciple, and then to a demon who said, "anyway, I'm telling the truth, but you can't find any loopholes.". 

Once again, I looked at the apprentice carefully. 

Sure enough, the white breath was almost overflowing. 

On the right line: 

So, is not one of the three people present a human being? 

Shi Qing: "I am turbid Qi, he is Qingqi. We are made in heaven. Zhengxing master, do you have any reason to stop us?" 

What's going on is that I'll take it easy. " 

"Don't follow me. I want to be quiet." 

When Qing draws up lip Cape: "no problem." 

Looking at master Zhengxing's back, he untied the rope around Wangcai's neck and touched its head: 

"dear, go find him and play with him." 

Wangcai put out his tongue and wagged his tail, and happily went to the direction of Zhengxing. 

After a while, there was another scream from Zhengxing: 

"dog 

"Mom 

"Ah, ah, ah, Zhi, Zhi, Zhi 

"Master!" 

Meng Qing heard master's scream, and subconsciously he was about to step forward. The demon king stretched out his hand to stop him. The whole man was hanging on him. 

The magnetic voice, which was always luring, lowered and dragged on for a long time: "don't worry. Your master has been a master for seven hundred years. As long as he wants to, Wangcai can't get close to him." 

"But master, he..." 

"Do you know why your master came here to be a Taoist priest?" 

When Qing lifted up a corner of Meng Qing's clothes and pulled him to sit down, lying comfortably on each other's head. 

"He was a vole before he became a sperm. He lived by stealing food. The farmer had a big dog. At that time, he was most afraid of dogs. After that, he was afraid of dogs." 

"He has practiced for many years. He has come to the halal temple to get rid of the fear of dogs, so as to get rid of the fear of dogs. He will let Wangcai grind it with him, and it will come out." 

After that, the demon king got up slowly, put his hands on the young Taoist priest's shoulder, and whispered to his ear lobe which was red again with his own movement: 

"I'll help your master break the puzzle. What do you want to return me?" 

Meng Qing blushed and gently took his hand. 

"I grew up in the mountains, and I have nothing to do but give myself back to you." 

When Qing smile, close to the young Taoist face side, looking at the tension of his eyes: "you are mine originally." 

Seeing Meng Qing's eyes full of joy and looking at himself brightly, he went to Meng Qing's ear and asked in a low voice: 

"how is your body? I remember that you are practicing martial arts since childhood." 

Meng Qing didn't understand why the topic suddenly shifted to this one, but he still answered earnestly: "yes, I have been strong since I was a child." 

Shi Qing: "that should be very good at fighting." 

Meng Qing: "in addition to several downhill demons, I have never touched people." 

He asked again, "Shiqing, what do you want to do with this?" 

Shi Qing: "do you know Zhao Zilong?" 

"In the battle of Changbanpo, he entered and left seven times. I admire him very much." 

Meng Qing nodded: "although I didn't go to school, my master knows both ancient and modern times and likes reading novels, so I also know some." 

The demon king slowly, slowly squeezed his hand into Meng Qing's hand. 

In Meng Qing's eyes, lovers seem to have starlight in their eyes, and their faces are full of eager to try. 

The devil always takes advantage of himself. 

At the moment, he is holding the young Taoist priest's hand and letting him fall on his white cheek. Because his fingers with thin cocoons during his childhood training can feel the tenderness and smoothness of the devil's face. 

When Qing gently blinks, each action is with endless temptation. 

"I like Zhao Zilong. Will you study hard from him for me?" 

Meng Qing straightened up her waist and seriously replied, "I will!" 

Then he was taken down the mountain. 

Into a hotel. 

I saw rose petals all over the bed. 

Until the next morning, the devil sat comfortably in his arms and flattered him. 

Meng Qing knew that it was Zhao Zilong who learned from him.Even if Wangcai was there, Zhengxing still refused to agree with them. 

But the apprentice is old, not a child. 

He refused, and the two of them went down the mountain. They were angry that night in the halal temple, a field mouse just ate a big pot of rice and made a round belly. 

Wangcai was left behind. Even though Zhengxing still felt weak at the sight of it and wanted to change back to its original shape, he still didn't send Wangcai to other places after knowing that they had gone and the dog had been left. 

I'm so weak and I'm getting along. 

Every year, Meng Qing comes back to visit him. 

Zhengxing looks at the more and more solid merits and virtues of his apprentice, but he can't say anything cruel. 

It's no use saying it. Shiqing can speak more than he can. 

If you say no, you can't win. 

Human tragedy. 

In the fifth year, Zhengxing had been able to maintain his human form in front of Wangcai. 

But at this time, Wangcai is going to die. 

He was an old dog. He has lived to the limit. 

That night, it happened that Qing and Meng Qing went up the mountain to visit Zhengxing, but they learned that he had been sitting in the closed room all night. 

Early the next morning, he gave the old dog some of his ways. 

He finally realized. 

Even after he became a demon, he gave back to his family who had stolen food. He did good deeds everywhere and accumulated good virtues. In addition to evil demons, he also studied Taoism in the halal temple. 

But in fact, in his heart, he is still the little vole who has worked hard to grow food for his food. 

Voles are afraid of people and dogs, which can be said to be nature, but also can be said to be guilty. 

At least today's Zhengxing can't tell whether they were afraid of dogs because of stealing or because of their nature. 

After thinking it out, Zhengxing is no longer afraid of Wangcai. 

He left the halal temple with Wangcai and said that he wanted to travel around the world just to help people in the world like the apprentice demon king. 

Meng Qing, who has been eating delicious food all over the world, is a little guilty. 

The demon king didn't think they misled Zhengxing. They did help others while eating delicious food. 

Although helping people is by-pass, food is the main thing. 

After Zhengxing left the halal temple, Meng Qing came back less. 

He gradually found that his age seemed to end in the year of Qing Dynasty when he knew him. There was a way to keep youth in Daoism, but it was definitely not something Meng Qing could understand at his age. 

The Taoist priest asked the demon king. 

The demon king replied: "at the beginning, it was cheating you. What we signed was not the master servant contract, but the partner contract." 

"You live, I live, I die, you die." 

The Taoist priest asked again that his life span was only that of ordinary people. What if he died. 

The devil did not care to shrug: "died together." 

Meng Qing was not sad. 

The more he went with the devil, the more thorough he thought. 

He firmly believes that even in this life in the past, in the next life, he can still meet with Shiqing. 

They went to many places together, ate a lot of delicious food and helped a lot of people. 

When the Taoist priest was 90 years old, that morning, he opened the door and took a deep breath of the air outside. He turned his head to Shi Qing and said, "it's time for me." 

The demon king was not sad. He went up and took his hand. He was still a heartless charm. "Let's go." 

"Send the last one off and get a ride." 

Hand in hand, they went through the thick fog to the hospital. 

Entering the ward, there is an old man who is struggling to live on the ventilator. 

Perhaps feeling that it was time for him, he called his grandchildren to come to the bedside, his wrinkled hands shaking and taking the ventilator off his face. 

"Photos Give me the picture... " 

The same old son beside the bed quickly shook his hands and took the photo on the side of the cabinet and handed it to his father. 

"Dad, Dad, the doctor says there's still hope. Don't give up dad." 

"It's gone. I don't want to." 

The old man held the photo hard, as if holding some rare treasure. He stroked it with a pair of old eyes, looking at it and smiling slowly. 

"I've worked hard to live, and I've worked hard all my life. Now I'm finally, cough, cough! At last, I don't have to try any more. " 

"When I'm dead, you'll bury me and me in the cemetery I've set up before me. I'll buy them. You just have to put my ashes in." 

His son nodded and his grandchildren cried with them. 

"Don't worry, grandfather." 

"Don't worry, I don't worry, big son." 

The old man stretched out his hand and touched his son kneeling beside his bed: "Dad is gone. No one is looking at you. Don't forget to give incense to your father."He held the photo with his other hand, trying to gasp: "don't forget him, there is no one in his family, except us, no one remembers him. Although we didn't, we didn't get the certificate, but we were married..." 

"You are his son, you must not forget him, even if you are later, cough cough cough When you are going to leave, you should tell your son and your grandson that they will remember to give incense to your father. Do you know 

"Yes, it's dad. I remember. I'll never forget to give you incense." 

The eldest son is also full of white hair, kneeling on the ground and crying: "if my father had not adopted me, I would not have lived peacefully for a lifetime. Dad, don't worry, I will remember." 

"Good, good, you are good, you are so good, your father must like you He likes children best, and he likes children most... " 

His hand fell down. 

"Dad 

"Grandfather 

"Granddad!" 

The nurse outside heard the noise and called the doctor. 

After the doctor came to check, he sighed: 

"Mr. MI, Mr. Chen has passed away. Please feel sorry for that." 

Sadness enveloped the whole ward. 

When Qing and Meng Qing stood by the door, listening to the cry inside, turned his head. 

The old man is standing behind them. 

He looked at them for a long time, then slowly showed a smile: "two gentlemen, still the same as before..." 

When Qing relies on Meng Qing, looking at him with a smile: "are you not the same?" 

The old man lowered his head, and found that his hands had recovered the whiteness and firmness of his youth. He touched his face, and it was smooth, not wrinkled. 

He looked up and laughed. 

"Thank you." 

"You're welcome. It's just a little free ride for you." 

The three arrived in the underworld. 

The dead river is still the scene, Wuyang and Wuyang ghost sea crowded. 

Ghost cart peddler. 

There is a ghost difference in holding a big horn shouting: "do not want to reincarnate to the dead River, to the dead river!! Don't crowd! The one in green over there, I saw you jump in the queue. Please line up behind me 

All around were noisy and noisy, but Chen Zeyu saw the man standing in the dead River, looking at himself in the sky. 

Miran smiles and waves at him. 

Chen Zeyu seems to be back when he was young. He jumps down in two or three steps and walks to milang in the starry sky. 

"I've kept you waiting." 

"It's OK. There's a lot of fun here." 

"Did you see the letter I burned for you?" 

"In fact, it's rare to receive anything from the top, because it's too much." 

"I'll tell you now. I adopted a child and followed your surname. I raised him. He married and had children. He gave me grandchildren. I told them not to forget to incense you every Qingming Festival." 

Miran: "I know. My parents told me when they came down. They also said they regretted. When I heard it, I was very happy. Although it was a little late, I still got their understanding." 

With that, he took Chen Zeyu's hand with a smile. 

"Together?" 

Chen Zeyu clenched his lover's hand and looked at him: 

"let's go together." 

The two slowly crossed the dead River and lined up in line. 

When Qing jumped into the dead River and waved to Meng Qing: "come on, come down." 

The Taoist priest, who was still young, jumped down with a smile. 

They lay in the dead River, looking at the light over the underworld like stars. 

Hand in hand, shoulder to shoulder. 

Meng Qing: "will we meet again in the next life?" 

Shi Qing: "yes." 

"I say yes, I will." 

The Taoist priest gradually lost his breath. Shiqing leaned on his arms and closed his eyes. 

Ding! The end of the holiday world, welcome back to the host holiday! ] 

[please select: 1, vacation, 2, continue to complete the task. ] 

Shi Qing; [22222] 

[Ding! Please be ready to jump to the task world. In the task world jump, when 3, 2, 1] 

} ※ 

, you can see that there is a woman looking at him with disdain in front of him. 

"Shiqing, you don't think it's very good to sit in this position depending on the family relationship. What level are you? Don't I know?" 

"My uncle loves you, but if you let him know that you are so domineering outside with his power, will he still love you as before?" 

While accepting the body memory quickly, Shiqing leaned back, raised his chin, and made a fearless look behind his back."If you want to complain, run over and say something to me." 

"You 

The woman was stopped by his words, angrily looked at Shiqing, and then turned to leave the room. 

Shi Qing began to concentrate on the plot. 

This is an empty world. In this novel world, China is a constitutional monarchy, and there are royal nobles. The original male Lord is of noble origin and joins the army. 

In one mission, he was sent to protect the villain. The villain was a noble with family background. He entered the Academy of science and technology through the back door by virtue of his family background. His moral character was very bad. He only regarded him as a bodyguard for the male owners who were also aristocrats. He never looked at him directly. 

The villain was greedy for the research results of a new man in the Academy of science and technology. He did not steal the research results, but also made a rake. After being punctured by the male leader, he began to target the male leader. 

It was supposed to be a male leader all the way up, at the same time, the villains kept acting as demons. 

But after the small world began to become a world of its own, because the male owner stabbed him to steal the new man's achievements, the villain pained to kill him and arranged for someone to make a car accident for him. 

The result actually let him give success. 

Unfortunately, the man died. 

The task of Shiqing is to protect the male Lord. 

Still wearing a white coat, Shi Qing had already guessed the end. 

[system, male dominant rejection. ] 

the system appears quietly. No matter how many times it has just entered the new world, it will feel guilty for a batch: 

[male host Qin Yunsheng's rejection rate: 100 out of 100] 

Shi Qing: [not bad, it hasn't surpassed. ] 

the system is careful: [host, are you not angry? ] 

[I'm used to it. ] Shi Qing smiles: "no way, who let you be my system. ] 

although the timeline is a bit dangerous this time. 

At the moment, the original owner has stolen the research results of the new person and installed it on his own head. After the new person is found, the new talent is the one who steals. 

And the man has come forward to testify for the new man. 

No matter how you look at it, it's a dead end. 

System: [ Host, or the world is too difficult. ] 

I raised my eyebrows, stood up and moved my wrist: 

[this world is the temptation of uniforms, so I won't leave. Besides, isn't it easy to break this game? ] 

System: [simple Is that right? ] 

[well, the conventional method is OK. ] 

Shi Qing searched for a mirror in the room and looked at the same evil face in the mirror, and his smile was even bigger. 

From now on, I'm a big scientific researcher. ] 



Arc 6: Bigshot Researcher

 When he was a research magnate, he wandered around his room first. 

As an aristocrat, even in the Institute of science and technology, his lounge is also very gorgeous. 

On the table is placed fragrance, is sending out the light fragrance. 

Shi Qing picked up the photo beside the fragrance and looked at it. 

It's the Lord and his father. 

The history of China in this world has turned a corner under the original author's setting. Since 700 years ago, China has not closed its door to the outside world. Instead, it has actively developed itself while exploring other countries, and has kept its own country smoothly during the war. 

After the war, the emperors at that time thought they needed to change. Soon, China became a constitutional monarchy. 

But the Qing Dynasty and the male Lord Qin Yunsheng were both aristocrats. 

His father became a Duke through his own efforts. 

Generally, only the royal blood can be granted a duke. The common people do not have this opportunity at all. Therefore, his father can be said to be quite critical. 

Qin Yunsheng is the same surname as the queen, which can be regarded as a declining royal family. Although he has the same blood as the queen, because his branch has already declined, Qin Yunsheng has only the lowest rank of Baron. 

Because at the beginning, the royal family voluntarily gave up the right to control the world. The power of the royal family of China was much greater than that of other countries. Qin Yunsheng, as a baron, even if he had done nothing in his whole life, would be given a salary by the royal family every month. After all, this country has experienced seven hundred years, and of course, it is full of details. 

But Qin Yunsheng chose to join the army, fighting for military achievements like an ordinary man. 

If the plot hadn't collapsed, he would have been elected crown prince because of his military exploits. After all, the queen is too old to be married, and naturally has no children. 

Then, unfortunately, he ran into the owner and played it out. 

Even though the nobles can not have the supreme power as before, they still have much higher status than ordinary people. Even if the original owner does nothing, he can live a good life. 

But he lost his mother when he was young, and his father was busy. Even if he was properly taken care of by the nanny, his temperament was still a little extreme. 

For example, to be in the limelight. 

Everyone has a flaunting factor at the bottom of their heart, which may be the full mark test paper they got at school or the good school they got when they took the exam. 

The original owner also likes to show off, but he has no ability to eat, drink and have fun. 

If you don't have the capital to show off and like to show off, what should we do? 

Steal other people's achievements for your own. 

There are so many places in China that can reflect their abilities. There is also a reason why he chose the Academy of science and technology. 

The woman who went out just now was the cousin of the original owner. Her father didn't have the title of Duke, but because she was a noble, she lived a good life. 

Before the birth of the original owner, the Duke was obsessed with his career and didn't mean to get married. It was said that he would die lonely all his life. 

Because her parents had a younger brother, the younger cousin cried to the Duke that her parents didn't like her. She only liked her brother, crying and crying to stay in the Duke's house. Her parents had no choice but to agree. 

The Duke is good at investment. Even though his assets are ranked on the top of the list in the whole country, he doesn't think it's any good to raise a girl. 

The cousin stayed smoothly, but it was totally different from her imagination and the feelings cultivated by the Duke. He was so busy that he walked with wind. He was not free to take care of his niece. 

Later, after getting married, because of the Duchess, the cousin was well cared for, but for her, the Duchess might as well not appear, because she gave birth to the Duke's offspring, completely wiping out the possibility of her inheriting the Duke's assets. 

After the Duchess died, she saw that the original master's academic performance was not very good, she was also fond of fun, and seemed to see hope. 

So, it's like this. 

She was admitted to the Academy of science and technology, hoping to let the Duke know that she was much better than Shi Qing. 

In her heart, if she is a towering tree, then Shiqing is a vine that is hard to climb on the wall. 

Such a playful, more delicate than the girl, no skills, but also like to pretend to force the son, compared with her, of course, she is better. 

There's a reason for my cousin to think so. After all, she grew up in Shijia when she was a child. She knew that even if Shiqing was the Duke's blood, they were not very close. 

Even because the Duke is busy, Shiqing still resents the father. 

A natural son who is not close to himself and has no ability. 

And a niece who admires and idolizes herself and works hard. 

The Duke may not choose Shiqing. 

What's more, as the eldest son of the Duke, Shi Qing now has the title of marquis, and will certainly inherit the position of Duke in the future. 

They were raised by his side. Their position was inherited by his son. The property should be left to niece. 

She used her cousin as a pedal. How could the owner not notice that he was not a good man. Knowing what his cousin was thinking, he deliberately opposed her.He will take what she wants, and he will take back what she likes. 

When my cousin joins the Academy of science and technology, he will also come in. 

Not only does he have to come in, he has to get an honor, even if it belongs to someone else. 

The reason why Qin Yunsheng was targeted was because his cousin wanted to win him over. He was seen by the original owner. After that, he was very dissatisfied with his own bodyguards. 

And after the bodyguard stabbed himself to steal other people's achievements, he became a thorn in the flesh. 

As the future crown prince, Qin Yunsheng is not so brainless. Of course, he will not directly say "yes, that is, Shi Qing stole other people's achievements". He just stood up to testify for the newcomer. He has seen the research results in the newcomer. 

However, it was of no use. The owner still hated him. 

After smoothing, Shiqing took out his watch from his pocket and looked at the time on it. 

Well 

Yesterday, Qin Yunsheng testified for the new man. The original owner left angrily and didn't go home. Instead, he slept in the rest room. Early this morning, his cousin came to make a mockery of him. 

This time is really tight. 

The system is still a little difficult: [host, are you sure? The newcomer does have a backup of the research results. I can't wash it in any way. ] 

Shi Qing stood in front of the mirror, buttoning his white coat and smiling: 

[Tong, you have to believe in my ability. ] 

after finishing, he thought for a while, then untied the two buttons on the top and opened them idly: [bring out the research results and show them to me. ] 

the system immediately started to retrieve the data and put it in front of Shiqing. 

Shi Qing: [the new man is really a genius. ] 

what he has developed is chip input technology. According to his assumption, it is impossible to completely replace manual work by installing chips on machines. However, chips can be installed on robot pets. 

Although in the company is absolutely not comparable to the real pet, but for some because of their own pet conditions are insufficient, it is very good. 

And these robot pets can also play a role in protecting humans. 

Shi Qing recalled the idea of the original owner. 

Oh, no, he has no idea. 

But after I knew it unintentionally, I realized that this technology was a breakthrough. I copied it directly by means of means, deleted, modified and published it first. 

When Qing opens the computer directly, starts to hit quickly on the keyboard. 

The system looks at the host's hands moving on the keyboard, and it's almost a shadow. 

System: shivering.jpg. 

[host, you are Do what? ] 

Shi Qing: [do something. ] 

System: [ ] 

although we can't understand what the host is doing, it seems to be very powerful. 

When he did this, he did it at night. 

He didn't show up all day and no one else came to urge him. It shows how popular he is here. 

Finally, Qin Yunsheng came to knock on the door. 

"Mr. Shi." 

Inside came when Qing still as usual, as if no one in the heart of the lazy tone: "come in." 

Qin Yunsheng didn't have any redundant expression on his face, so he opened the door and walked in. 

"You haven't eaten all day. This is your dinner." 

When Qing lifted his eyes and saw Qin Yunsheng, he was stunned. 

The royal family has gone through seven hundred years, among which, I don't know how many beauties have become princesses and queens' concubines. The beauty gene has long been engraved in the bones. 

He had seen the appearance of Qin Yunsheng in his memory before. As a male leader, he was of course excellent. He always had firm eyes and a standard handsome appearance. He did not often laugh at ordinary times, but always drew up a smile on his right lip. 

Now, seeing a real person, Shi Qing found that Qin Yunsheng's charm was not in appearance but in temperament. 

When he was wearing the close fitting and slender uniform, because he was a soldier, he always stood in front of Shiqing with a straight military posture at any moment. His fortitude was really beyond our notice. 

China's military uniform is famous for its good looks. 

After all, at the beginning of the war, I don't know which genius came up with the idea of designing handsome military uniforms to attract Chinese people to join the army. 

The point is, it did. 

After 200 years of improvement, the uniform has more than doubled and tripled. 

Just look at the fact that China's participation in the army has always been a hot topic. 

And now, such beautiful clothes are worn on such beautiful people. 

Shi Qing: [o'ao-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-!!! ] 

System: [the host is calm and calm, and now the most important thing is to reduce the rejection rate! ] 

Shi Qing: [I understand, I understand, I know. ] At the moment, countless pictures passed through his mind. 

Officer's uniform, royal banquet dress, crown prince's uniform, and Emperor's uniform. 

China, a treasure country with beautiful uniforms. 

The only pity is that Qin Yunsheng, who loves to laugh in memory, has no emotion in his eyes when he looks at Shiqing. 

Even his lips are pursed into a straight line, it seems that he has little affection for the object he wants to protect. 

When he came in, he leaned lazily on the bed. When he came in, he turned over and sat lazily at the table. 

"Open it for me." 

Qin Yunsheng didn't get angry because he seemed to regard himself as a servant. Instead, he obeyed, took off his leather gloves, exposed his long hand, and opened the incubator. 

The young Marquis was still as lazy as usual. He picked up his chopsticks and poked at the food in the lunch box, and suddenly raised his eyes. 

The ancestors of the Qing Dynasty have always been aristocrats, and their appearance has naturally been improved. By his generation, he is already a good-looking monster. 

He just used his beautiful eyes to stare at Qin Yunsheng, his beautiful lips slightly raised, and asked straightforwardly: 

"what did Shi Yiyi ask you to do?" 

Qin Yunsheng frowned slightly, looked at the young Marquis, and looked at himself with disdain. His tone did not fluctuate: 

"sorry, I don't know what you are talking about." 

"What to pretend to be, you and her relationship, people with eyes can see." 

Shi Qing left his chopsticks and looked pretty on the face of the demon with a sneer: 

"in order to make such a blood loss against me? I also asked Tan Mingyi to help you with this bureau. Thank you so much for looking up to me. " 

Qin Yunsheng's eyebrows wrinkled more and more fierce. 

He looked at the young self talking marquis in front of him, only to feel that he did not see the coffin and shed tears. 

Even now, they still make such a look. 

He didn't even drop his eyes, but kept such a neat and straight military posture, and his voice was sonorous and powerful: 

"Mr. Shi may have misunderstood me, but I am not familiar with Miss Shi." 

"Oh I'm not familiar with it. " 

With a sneer, the young Marquis stood up slowly and went to the man, facing him face to face. 

When the Qing Dynasty arrived, Qin Yunsheng found that the young Marquis, who had always been sitting or standing, was only a little shorter than himself. 

It may be because he has never stood so close to himself before, or because his body shape is too weak compared with Qin Yunsheng. Before that, Qin Yunsheng had never noticed this. 

"Qin Yunsheng, you treat me as a fool, don't you?" 

When Qing raised his hand, slender beautiful fingertips in front of the man. 

He sneered and poked at it. 

It's a pity that he was raised from a young age, and his tender body was tender. Even if he had exerted himself, for Qin Yunsheng, who had been in the army for several years and had developed a strong muscle, this prick was almost harmless. 

As a courtesy, he did not avoid the deadliest finger. 

A pair of cool eyes and Shi Qing look at each other. The magnetic voice is deep and powerful: 

"no, Mr. Shi." 

"No?" 

The young Marquis sneered again. Qin Yunsheng found that his lips were red, even gorgeous. 

Shi Qing does have a beautiful face that makes people see the loss of consciousness. Unfortunately, his own conduct does not match this face. 

Now, when Qin Yunsheng thought that the dead duck had a stiff mouth, Qingzheng pulled a sneer: 

"I don't know how you got the information from me, and I don't want to know, but if you want to pour dirty water on me, I really can't agree." 

"Qin Yunsheng, you still have a baron on you. What did my good cousin give you to help her splash dirty water on me like this? When you were sent to protect me, my father said you were the best." 

The young Marquis took back his fingertips, and his words were full of disdain: "now it seems that my father has some time to look away." 

Qin Yunsheng quietly moved his hands on both sides. 

He looked in front of him with teeth and claws. He was straight and vigorous, and his heart had no fluctuation. He even felt a little funny. 

What in the end gave Shi Qingqi. 

It is clear that he has stolen other people's research results, but now, he can still reasonably blame the people who pierced him for throwing dirty water. 

The young marquis is is indeed a bit of a show now. He not only despised Qin Yunsheng and Shi Yiyi, but also did not let go of the newcomer, Tan Mingyi. 

He raised his chin, and his white face was full of ridicule: "Tan Mingyi looks silly. I didn't expect that he was also a pig eating a tiger. Why? With my achievements and throwing dirty water on me, will he be able to make great progress as a civilian? "Qin Yunsheng: "Mr. Shi, this research is indeed done by Tan Mingyi independently." 

Shi Qing suddenly turned around and looked at Qin Yunsheng with disgust in his eyes. 

The officer in his military posture noticed that his hands on both sides were tightly clenched. 

"I knew that you are Shi Yiyi's person just like those before 

Before Qin Yunsheng, he only knew that the two brothers and sisters did not deal with each other. Now it sounds like there is something else. 

But he didn't intend to get involved. In his mind, neither of them was a good bird. 

"Mr. Shi, I just told the truth." 

When Qing Nu extremely counter smile: "good, you tell the truth, I let you tell the truth!" 

He took a step forward and raised his hand to hit Qin Yunsheng, but he was blocked back by the officer's quick reaction. 

The young Marquis was pushed back a few steps by his great power. He covered his arm which was blocked back by Qin Yunsheng, and his eyes were filled with anger. 

"How dare you hit me 

Qin Yunsheng didn't have time to tell him clearly. It was just protection. To be exact, Shi Qing wanted to hit him again. He blocked him with his arm. When he didn't hit him, Shi Qing was angry again. 

Seeing that he was about to hit him, Qin Yunsheng didn't use the block this time. Instead, he quickly grasped his arm and twisted it behind his back. 

"Ah 

Where did the delicate Marquis have such a bitter experience? He screamed subconsciously, and the sound of pain was trembling: 

"pain, you let me go!" 

Qin Yunsheng even heard a choking voice, and the man was stunned. 

He didn't exert himself. It was just enough to make the other party stop making unnecessary actions. 

At this moment, he realized how soft the arm he was holding, even though he was across the clothes, he could feel the delicate. 

This is totally different from the feeling that he used to hold on to his comrades in training. 

But he just thought for a few seconds, and the Marquis was already so angry that he took his feet and tried to step on Qin Yunsheng's shoes. 

"Let go of me, can you hear me?" 

Qin Yunsheng just let go of his hand. Almost the next second he let go, Shiqing covered his right arm and quickly left him like a rabbit trying to escape. 

On the young Marquis's beautiful face, his forehead was already soaked with sweat, his good-looking eyes and tail were slightly red, and the tip of his nose seemed to take a trace of red. His angry and aggrieved red eyes glared at the man standing opposite him. 

"What good did Shi Yiyi give you? You helped her deal with me like this!" 

The anger and pain on his face were not fake, and his right arm was hanging unnaturally. The man twisted his eyebrows and strode forward to catch Shi Qing's hand. 

The young Marquis immediately cried out in a coquettish voice. He was only caught by his arm, but seemed to be facing some life threat. 

"You let go of me, let go of me!" 

While saying the words of struggle, but also move dare not move, for fear of their own move, was pinched by the man in the palm of the hand pain will hurt more seriously. 

Qin Yunsheng turned a deaf ear, but twisted his eyebrows and opened the sleeve on Shiqing's arm, revealing the white arm inside. 

At the moment, under the elbow, the original white tender arm already had a few more cyan fingerprints. 

Obviously, it was left by Qin Yunsheng. 

He was stunned. 

Just now, he can be 100% sure that he did not exert any force at all, and even because of the fact that Shi Qing had just done something backward, his strength was much lighter than before. 

Qin Yunsheng didn't fight with ordinary people. He also used this move many times, but none of them would hurt anyone. 

It's not about moves, it's about people? 

The young Marquis, whose arms were on others' hands and did not dare to struggle, was cursing: 

"I knew for a long time that you were not a good thing. You were with Shi Yiyi, Qin Yunsheng! In vain, you are still a baron. I will not let you go as a lackey of shiyiyi! " 

He gently grasps Shi Qing's arm with one hand, and slowly presses down on the white skin with another hand with a force of 120000. 

Shi Qing's voice immediately stopped, with a touch of fear in his tone, and looked back with red eyes. 

I'm so afraid that I can't do it anymore. I have to tremble and frighten: 

"what are you doing! I tell you, there's surveillance outside. If anything happens to me, you can't run away! " 

Sure enough, when the hand is raised again, it's already red here. It seems to have been beaten heavily. 

He had known before that some nobles who had not been declining had been pampered, but he had never thought that they were so delicate. 

Knowing that Shi Qing was not pretending to be, Qin Yunsheng raised his eyes and looked at Zhenghong's eyes, full of grievances. He was looking at his young Marquis miserably, with a trace of pity in his heart. 

"I'm sorry," he said 

The young Marquis held his arm warily and looked at the man several times, as if to confirm whether he had just intended it or not.When he saw Qin Yunsheng, he didn't have a look. 

"I knew that you and shiyiyi are the same, changing face quickly!" 

From just now on, he has been pulling himself together with Shi Yiyi. Qin Yunsheng was too lazy to explain before. But now, looking at Shi Qing, who is as vigilant as a frightened rabbit, the young officer moved his finger slightly. 

"Mr. Shi, I must clarify that I have nothing to do with Miss Shi." 

When Qingqing's eyes and tail were still red, her face returned to the original arrogance: 

"they helped her and Tan Mingyi to splash dirty water on me. It doesn't matter? You think I'm a fool? " 

Qin Yunsheng had always thought that Shi Qing was a dead duck with a stiff mouth. But now, looking at Shi Qing, who had hurt his arm, his eyes were still red, and his face was full of anger and grievances, he even hesitated. 

"This research is indeed developed by Tan Mingyi, and I have seen it with my own eyes," he said 

"Pooh 

"When Qing sneers:" I pay so much energy, you say he is him? " 

Maybe it's because of pain and emotion. Besides the trill, the Marquis's voice seems to have a trace of grievance in his voice: 

"now the whole Academy of science and technology doesn't believe me. Everyone looks at me like that, even his father scolds me. Are you satisfied? You have achieved your goal. " 

Qin Yunsheng looked at the excited man in front of him, all shaking and his eyes red. 

It's not like this kind of grievance can be pretended. 

For the first time, he began to doubt his judgment. 

"Mr. Shi, if it is really your research, you can confront Tan Mingyi." 

"No, I'm not going." 

Shi Qing sneered, and his expression was full of aristocratic pride: "why should he ask me to come forward? This is not his thing. Even if he splashed dirty water on me, stole my achievements, and asked you people to prove it, he would still show his horse's feet in the future." 

"You clowns, I don't care to fight you." 

Qin Yunsheng looked at the people in front of him. He raised his chin modestly. His beautiful face was full of "Lao Tzu is waiting for you to destroy yourself". 

It seems that I am very confident indeed. 

"But if, this is really Tan Mingyi's own research and development?" 

"No way." 

The young Marquis's tone was full of sarcasm: "my father is worried about UAV technology recently. I developed the chip for UAV technology. He is a civilian. He doesn't even know that the country is developing new UAVs. How can he develop a chip?" 

"Wait, you'll show up sooner or later." 

Qin Yunsheng realized that no matter what the current situation is, with the pride of Shi Qing's honey, he could not face off. 

The military uniform man pondered for a second and decisively used the most effective method to deal with the character of Shiqing. 

"When Mr. Shi doesn't confront each other, does he dare not?" 

Originally still full of "I'm proud of the nobility," Shiqing really blew up in a second. 

"I dare not?!! I dare not?!! It's not that I stole other people's achievements. Why should I dare not? " 

He looked at Qin Yunsheng with his teeth and claws. He stepped forward and raised his left hand. It seemed that he wanted to punch each other. 

After two steps, he remembered the tragic situation that the beating did not lead to injury. He showed a trace of timidity in his eyes. He held up the momentum on his face, and came back manly. 

Holding up the computer on the desk, he hummed coldly: 

"today I'll show you whether I dare or not." 

Tan Mingyi is working hard. 

The rest of the room was quiet, too. 

Suddenly there was a loud noise in the peace. 

Bang! 

The iron door was pushed open from the outside. In the eyes of all the people, the young Marquis was holding a laptop, connected to the printer, and ordered several times on it. 

Watching the printer start to work, he stood by, staring at Tan Mingyi coldly and angrily. 

Tan Mingyi: 

Although he was a genius, he was young and had a good temper. When he saw this posture, he was afraid to speak. 

He just shrunk back in silence. 

But Shi Yiyi, seeing this scene, showed a glimmer of joy in her eyes. She came forward and said with righteous words: "Shiqing, what do you want to do? It's not enough to steal other people's research results. Do you want to threaten people now?" 

"Shi Yiyi, are you so sure I stole it?" 

Shi Yiyi is sure of course. What kind of goods is Shiqing? Is she not sure? 

Her voice was loud: "I'm sure, Shi Qing, it's still time for you to turn around and quit the Academy of science and technology." 

As soon as Qin Yunsheng came in, he saw the young Marquis leaning forward slightly. His red lips showed two words to Shi Yiyi"Just! No 

"You want to throw dirty water on me, but I'm not as good as you want." 

Shi Yiyi almost didn't laugh. 

Shiqing doesn't need her to splash dirty water here. He's all in the dirty water pool, OK? 

At the moment, she also has the mentality of watching good plays: "you can say what you like, but the truth will not change." 

"But before I say, you grew up with me. I know exactly what you can do. If you can really prove that this achievement is your own, I can eat all the information." 

Just now the young Marquis's expression of "I'm very impatient" changed immediately. He straightened up and even showed a smile and was eager to try. 

"You said it." 

Next, Shi Qing's expression was not so anxious. He stood by the printer, his beautiful and slender fingers were tapping once and for all. 

The printer kept spitting out data, and finally, it stopped. 

Shi Qing picked up these materials with his left hand, strode directly to tan Mingyi and threw them in front of him: 

"you, come and confront me." 

Tan Mingyi took a look at the fierce Shi Qing, carefully picked up the information to have a look. 

At this glance, his eyes brightened. 

Qin Yunsheng is always listening. 

As a soldier who did not understand this aspect, what Shi Qing and Tan Mingyi said in his ears was: 

"this mode of operation is ￥% &*。” 

"Design concept @ ා" 

"About @ ￥ * & ￥%..." 

Although the technical terms in his ears automatically turned into random code, Qin Yunsheng could understand it. As the two people talked for more and more time, Tan Mingyi's expression became more and more excited. 

Look at the eyes of Shiqing, even more than a trace of worship. 

Even others looked at Shiqing with a look at God. 

Shiyiyi was completely stunned. She could not believe that she looked at her chatting cousin and felt that her eyes were black. 

Shi Qing and Tan Mingyi communicated for more than 40 minutes, and finally ended because Shi Qing said he was tired. 

At the end of the day, the little man Tan Mingyi said excitedly: "brother Shi, you are really good. I want to apologize to you. Although we are both chips, your application is in the military, and my application is in life. I can't develop your chip at all." 

The young Marquis raised his chin haughtily: "it doesn't matter. I have to apologize to you. What you said just now also confirmed that it was your own independent research and development." 

Said, he stretched out his left hand and handed a piece of information to tan Mingyi's hand: "hold it for me, my right hand is inconvenient." 

Tan Mingyi took it, then saw Shi Qing's left hand and tore the data in two. 

He was surprised: "brother Shi, what do you do 

Although he knew that there must be some in the computer, he still felt heartache as he watched the materials which were precious to him to be torn away. 

Shi Qing picked up a piece of information and put it into his hand. He lifted his chin and looked back at Shi Yiyi: 

"the pieces I tore." 

"Good mouth."





 Shi Yiyi's face was all black. 

However, Shi Qing handed the torn paper to her with great kindness. The face of the demon who was even more beautiful than the girl was full of beating: 

"cousin, you are welcome to eat." 

When she saw Yi Yi still, the young Marquis was very happy: "do you think it's a bit monotonous? Shall I cut you a flower 

Shi Yiyi shook off her hatred, which reached the peak after raising her hair and now everyone is looking at herself. 

She clenched her teeth and pushed away in anger. Shiqing ran away. 

Shiqing was very bad in the back and called out: "it doesn't matter. You don't have time to eat now. I'll send it to the rest room for you. There are so many, enough for you to eat for several days." 

When she saw Yiyi slamming the door, the young Marquis sprinkled the paper on his hand with satisfaction. Looking back at the people who were looking at this side, the young Marquis looked back at the people who were looking at this side. Her expression returned to her former publicity and said very impolitely: 

"what are you looking at? Nothing to do?" 

A group of people quickly lowered their heads and pretended to be busy. Only Tan Mingyi, who was obsessed with the research, ignored the cold face and cold words of Shiqing, happily stepped forward. 

"Brother Shi, are you free now? I also want to discuss with you, did you not come to dinner this evening? Are you hungry now? I didn't eat much. Otherwise, let's have a meal together and discuss it at the same time. " 

With that, he came to pull Shiqing's hand, and just touched his right arm. The proud look on the young Marquis's face that "although I'm very proud, I'm a noble, and I want to keep the noble demeanor" is a change. 

"Hiss -" 

he covered his right arm with vigilance and stepped back several steps, and the expression on his face suddenly became fierce: 

"who let you touch me!" 

The excited look on Tan Mingyi's face gradually lost. He looked at his face full of pain. He looked at his own people and stammered: "yes, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to." 

"If it's useful to say I'm sorry, what else should the police do?" 

The young Marquis's vicious attitude succeeded in making Tan Mingyi's original ebullient mood seem to be poured by a basin of cold water. 

He looked a little low: "sorry, brother Shi, I dare not next time." 

Qin Yunsheng on one side can clearly see that the eyes of a room of people are focused on Shi Qing. 

Before because of the time Qing said those words and change the attitude, now seems to have changed back to once look bad. 

Another person stood up for Tan Mingyi and said, "Professor Shi, Xiao tan just touched you. Next time he won't, don't blame him." 

Obviously, he thought that Shi Qing just didn't like to be touched by others. 

"Hiss." 

When Qing didn't even give the front eye to the person who stood out, did not have a meaning to explain, so haughtily lifted his chin, turned and strode toward the door. 

When passing by Qin Yunsheng, perhaps it was the pain in his arm that reminded him of the old and new hatred. The young Marquis glared at the officer who was ordered to protect himself, and deliberately bumped him with his left arm. 

Even though Qin Yunsheng had already noticed the intention of Shiqing, he quickly relaxed the right muscle. 

The young and delicate Marquis bumped into him, as if he had hit an iron plate. 

"Ah 

His subconscious low scream, and then quickly react to it, now is outside, call out too shameful, immediately shut his mouth, once again glared at each other. 

The young Marquis had a hard time with both arms. 

However, he was afraid of pain and hatred. He could only hang two arms unnaturally and kick Qin Yunsheng's shoes fiercely. 

"Well..." 

The kick didn't go well. It seemed that he had hit his toe. Qin Yunsheng was so open-minded that he turned red for a second. 

Perhaps it is very painful, when Qing subconsciously bent down to see the wound, bent to half, may be to think of where he is now. 

So the Marquis, with a beautiful face, was red again, with his eyes on the tail and the tip of his nose. 

Even though he knew that he was the one who came to trouble with good luck, Qin Yunsheng could not get angry when he looked at the time when he was injured. 

Even, he thought it was a little cute. 

Ding! The rejection degree of Qin Yunsheng: 92 out of 100] 

the young Marquis finally found that he could not take Qin Yunsheng at all. 

He red eyes tail, unwilling and angry fierce stare at the officer, indignantly scolded: "you don't have long eyes! Get out of the way 

Although the gate is very big, Qin Yunsheng can still pass freely even after standing for five times. 

But the soldier looked at him, who was about to cry out. He still obeyed, moved his steps in silence, and then looked at him limping and slamming the door out. 

Bang! 

as like as two peas, the young Marquis left the way.He just left the room. 

They are basically young people in this district, and occasionally they like gossip. 

Immediately someone came to tan Mingyi: "Xiaotan, when this chip is really not stealing your achievements?" 

That's time! 

Who didn't know that Shi Qing was a straw bag aristocrat in the Academy of science and technology. He didn't come to do the experiment together. If the result of the experiment was signed, he must have a copy. 

Although he is a professor, but the water is too much, it is said that in school, almost no day in the classroom. 

If he had not been a marquis, it would have been difficult to say whether he would have graduated. 

When Shi Qing announced the chip before, a group of people were in doubt. After Tan Mingyi gave his chip information, we were directly sure that it was Shiqing who stole Tan Mingyi's research results. 

Now, turn the tables? 

Tan Mingyi's answer was very positive: "his ideas and I are very similar, but the chip we eventually developed is completely different. Professor Shi's chip is more suitable for military use, and I can't do it at all." 

"What's more, he can answer all the questions I asked Professor Shi just now. Although I haven't contacted him before, I can see that Professor Shi's professional level is definitely above me." 

True or false. 

These people are skeptical. 

They would be skeptical rather than say that Shiqing could not develop independently, or because they had heard the dialogue between Shi Qing and Tan Mingyi before. 

However, someone spoke; 

"even if it's true, Xiao Tan, don't try to make friends with Professor Shi because he is really competent. He has a strange temper. Didn't you see that just now you just touched him, did he react so much?" 

Tan Mingyi is a little hesitant, Qin Yunsheng suddenly opened his mouth. 

The soldier's voice was magnetic and sonorous: 

"Professor Shi didn't mean to. He had injuries on his arm." 

"Hurt?" 

Tan Mingyi's eyes brightened: "yes, right. Just now, the professor asked me to hold the materials for him, saying it was inconvenient for him to use his hands?" 

When he said this, people who were busy eating melons remembered. 

"So it looks like it's really hurt. He doesn't seem to use his right hand all the time." 

"Xiao tan just met Professor Shi's right hand." 

Or did not give up to fight against injustice: "hurt to say ah, so silent, people encounter also don't know." 

Qin Yunsheng listened to them and saw the arrogant young Marquis's disdain. 

He did not hold back, opened a mouth: "when Professor temperament is like this, do not ask do not say." 

"What's more, he didn't even want to come out and explain yesterday, but he was willing to come here only when I used provocation." 

In this way, Qin Yunsheng began to doubt spontaneously. 

Shiqing is actually a person who has real ability but is too lazy to show it. How could he not find out before? 

It's as if he didn't find out when Qing was hurt, and when he met difficulties, his mouth was closed tightly. 

The man can't help but wonder whether his views on Shi Qing were taken for granted before. 

For example, now, so many people think that when they are clean and clean, they just touch their arms and have a bad attitude. 

But they didn't expect that Shi Qing's arm was really hurt. He was touched by Tan Mingyi, and the injury did not show. Instead, he left with the injury. 

What about before? 

Has this happened before. 

Thinking that the young Marquis was about to step on him angrily, he made his toes hurt. The soldier standing upright had slightly softened his cold eyes. 

"I'll go first." 

He felt that he should study it clearly. 

When Qin Yunsheng came in, he was lying on his bed watching TV. 

Leisurely, looking very comfortable. 

Just two arms but not natural hang, next to the grape also did not see him to eat. 

The man stood by the door, looking at the time, and knocked on the door. 

"Come in." 

The voice of the young aristocrats was languid. 

Qin Yunsheng came in with the medicine box, and his expression was as firm as ever. 

The professor's face turned sour at the sight of him, when he was still careless. 

In Qin Yunsheng's eyes, it is Shi Qingru who sits up. He leans to the corner of the bed carefully and asks him fiercely: 

"what are you doing! What else do you want to do? " 

"Professor Shi, let me help you with the wound." 

Before, he always felt that Shi Qing was not worthy of the title of professor and insisted on calling each other Mr. 

To now, it is conscious to call the professor.Qin Yunsheng put the medicine box on the table, and did not go near the bed immediately. He opened the medicine box, took out the medicine wine in it, and showed it to Shi Qing from a distance, saying that he was harmless. 

However, the young Marquis, who had been injured on him several times, learned a lesson and remained unmoved at all. 

"Who wants you to help me deal with it? I want someone to deal with the injury for me, which needs you." 

Qin Yunsheng had no response to Shi Qing's vicious tone, but said calmly: 

"I misunderstood you before, and I apologize to you." 

"Hiss." 

The young Marquis snorted coldly, and the expression on his face seemed to be satisfied, but he did not say any more words that pushed people away. 

The tall and straight officer, with his medicinal wine and cotton swab, strode to the bedside and watched Shi Qing, who was wronged in bed, shrunk himself into a group, and his eyes moved. 

"Please extend your arms." 

Shi Qing didn't have much angry expression on his face, but he was still arrogant: "why do you let me stretch out? Now you know how to please me. Where was that cold look before?" 

In the past witnessed the other party clearly hurt a batch of forced face, he this kind of indomitable look unexpected not hate. 

Qin Yunsheng used the old method. 

"I just want to make up for it. If Professor Shi doesn't dare, that's fine." 

This move is sure to be successful. 

The young Marquis was deceived. 

"I dare not?! I'm afraid you can't be a baron 

He moved his body angrily to Qin Yunsheng's eyes, and stretched out his arm to pull up his sleeve. 

But apparently, forgetting that his other hand was still injured, the professor failed. 

"Ah..." 

He murmured in low pain, a beautiful face covered with pain. 

"I'll help you." 

Qin Yunsheng naturally stretched out his hand. One hand gently held Shi Qing's arm, and the other hand slowly pulled up his sleeve. 

"Hiss You should be gentle. It hurts. " 

Even though his movements were light and soft, the young Marquis could not help calling out. 

Qin Yunsheng can feel that his soft and tender arms are subconsciously shrinking and fleeing because of his movements, but they are firmly grasped by him and fail to fulfill his wishes. 

His eyes were dark, and there was a strange feeling in his heart. It was as if someone had brushed a feather in his heart. 

Perhaps because of the pain, the Marquis's voice was more coquettish than the usual arrogant reprimand: 

"when I was so old and suffered such a heavy injury, it's all your fault, ah You give me light. " 

"Sorry." 

The officer made a serious apology, which sounded sincere. 

Even if he saw the so-called "such a heavy injury", it was only a red arm, not even a small incision. 

Even though the other side tried to attack him, he didn't even fight back. Shiqing hurt himself. 

Qin Yunsheng was not even amused. 

It was as if he was well on the road, and suddenly a tortoise slowly crawled over to attack him. 

He didn't even hide, but the tortoise bumped himself into the sky, staring at the mung bean's eyes pitifully, trying to stretch his limbs on his back and turn around on the ground. 

The officer thinks like this, the lip corner cannot help but slightly hook up. 

This smile was noticed by Shi qinggei, and he was very sensitive to stare round his eyes, as if he had grasped some big handle: 

"what are you laughing at! Are you gloating 

"No 

Qin Yunsheng's smile did not change. He raised his eyes and gave him a clear look: 

"Professor Shi, I'm going to give you herbal wine. It may be a little cold. Please bear with it." 

"Do you regard me as a three-year-old child? It's just a medicinal wine. There's nothing to bear with. " 

Just as he said this, Qin Yunsheng held Bai Nen's arm in one hand and a cotton swab in the other hand. He touched the wine and fell on it gently. 

"Good ice!" 

Under the soft tender immediately tight, subconsciously of the backward contraction. 

Qin Yunsheng subconsciously stopped his hand. He raised his eyes and looked at the charming Marquis with his arm on his hand and his upper body leaning back. 

"This is the case with medicinal wine. Please bear with it." 

When Qing didn't speak, his eyes were still red, his beautiful face was full of grievances, biting his lips a face of pain. 

This expression, this movement. 

I don't know. I thought he was being tortured. 

The officer's men rubbed the injured part with cotton swabs as gently as possible. When this piece of wiping was finished, he threw the cotton swab and did not dislike the medicinal liquor on his arm. Because he was always doing various training, his thick cocooned finger pulp gently pressed on it. 

"Well..."The young Marquis was panting again, his whole body was tense, and there was a trace of fear in his voice: 

"what are you doing?" 

Obviously, after several losses, he has clearly remembered how much damage each other's actions can cause to himself. 

"I'll check it for you." 

Qin Yunsheng gently pressed the wound on his white arm and raised his eyes slightly. There was a trace of inclusive smile in his sword eyebrows and stars: 

"you should feel better now that you have smeared the medicinal wine. I will check if you have hurt your muscles and bones." 

Listen to his explanation, when clear skim the lips, a face of displeasure. 

"It must have hurt me. I can't even take anything because of the pain." 

"It's all your fault!" 

The more he said, the more angry he couldn't do it, so he went to kick him. 

As a result of such a kick, the big toe just slowed down and crashed again. 

"Ah! What a pain 

Qin Yunsheng listened to the tender scream of the young Marquis for the nth time, lowered his head and showed him the place he had just kicked. 

"Sorry, Professor Shi. It's my gun." 

He was sent to protect Shi Qing because the young Marquis was involved in the C research which is now highly valued. 

Although before that, everyone thought that he was a qualified person to squeeze in through the back door. However, Qin Yunsheng, who received the task, still carried out the task conscientiously and carried a gun with him so that he could protect the target in any unexpected situation. 

As a result, the gun hasn't been used since he followed him to the Academy of science and technology, but it injured the target of the mission first. 

The young Marquis was holding his arm by a man now, and he was in pain again. He was very angry: "you, you 

He held it for a long time, but he didn't think how to scold the hateful man who made himself miserable all over his body. Finally, he could only say in a stuffy voice: 

"you bastard!" 

It's never an ivory tower in the army. It's very common for great men to get together to do tasks and make rude remarks. 

When Qing's words fell in Qin Yunsheng's ears, it was almost as if he didn't say anything. He couldn't even lift his anger. 

The officer just seemed to be very obedient and continued to gently press his white and smooth arm. 

When he finished pressing, he came to the conclusion: 

"it's OK, it's not hurt. If it hurts, it's good to cultivate for a few days." 

This degree of pain should not be serious, at least for Qin Yunsheng, it can make him directly ignore the pain. 

However, the young Marquis was able to move his arm carefully like a broken bone, slowly moved to the front of his body, gently puffed up his cheek, blowing once and for all, trying to put medicinal wine in this way to dry quickly. 

His eyes are still a little red, with this pair of curled up on the bed into a small ball, looks pitiful. 

Qin Yunsheng looks at him, remembering that he still felt that his heart was clear and evil, and he laughed. 

This is clearly still a child. 

There is arrogance and spoilage, but just because he was framed before, or self-sustaining identity, we know that he has no bad heart. 

Even if they are sitting, they are upright. The officers with posture reflect on themselves in the bottom of their heart. 

He was a few years older than the Qing Dynasty, and he joined the army early. From the beginning to the end, he was fighting on his own. It was natural that he lived rough. 

When Qing is the greenhouse carefully raised flowers, it is not cold, hot and not. 

Why did he have to look at this beautiful flower that he could not bear to be wronged and proud and confident in the way that he looked at the weeds growing up in the field. 

Thinking of this, Qin Yunsheng asked, "do you want to wipe your feet?" 

Perhaps it was that the medicinal wine was still useful. The young Marquis lifted his chin haughtily, moved his Ji slowly and carefully, and put it impolitely on the officer's leg. 

"Yes, be careful. If you hurt me, I will tell my father." 

In Qin Yunsheng's ears, this sentence is similar to "see you at the school gate after school". He just thought he didn't hear it. He held out his hand and put his white ankle in the palm of his hand. 

Before, he wondered why Shi Qingming was not too tall, and how he looked like he was a little shorter than his actual height. Now he held his opponent's slender ankle in his hand, so he was more sure of what he had thought. 

When the clear skeleton is too thin, even if the body is not so thin and weak, looking at is delicate and weak. 

He still has a little aura when he is not injured, although he is the second generation of dandy and rich. 

This kind of aura is usually raised when talking to girls, but it is also enough to be ignored. In fact, the young Marquis has a slender skeleton. 

It was the big toe that got hurt. 

Looking at the past, its nails are neatly trimmed, completely different from its owner, and it is still with a touch of red safety on the top. 

Qin Yunsheng picked up a cotton swab again, dipped a bit of medicinal wine, and gently fell on the top."It hurts!" 

Shiqing called again. 

Beautiful white instep now because of pain slightly bow, showing a tight and beautiful perfect arc. 

The officer's men were stunned. He raised his eyes and looked at the young Marquis with a miserable face: 

"if you can bear it again, you can't get it on the side." 

As he said this, he dropped his hand and quickly slid it by the side with a cotton swab stained with medicinal wine. 

In a second, I took my hand back. 

The young Marquis carefully moved his Ji o, tried to lower his head, puffed up the white and tender cheeks on both sides, and blew the ruddy lips once and for all, trying to make the pain relief quickly as he had just blown his arm. 

Qin Yunsheng thought he was a little cute. 

The officer quickly put away what he thought, quickly picked up the wine and cotton swabs, and put them back in the medicine box. 

"This medicinal wine is very easy to use. Wipe it several times a day, and it should be fine in a few days." 

When cleaning straight gas strong: "you come to wipe for me." 

Qin Yunsheng had planned to do so. After all, although it was not his main responsibility, Shi Qing was injured because of him. 

"I'll do it for you at a fixed time." 

The young Marquis snorted coldly: "calculate you to know the appearance." 

"My arm still hurts when I move. These days, you have to be responsible for my daily life and diet." 

Qin Yunsheng knew that the other party was taking the opportunity to work hard. He felt that this revenge way was more important for primary school students. 

Although he was not angry at the bottom of his heart, he did not intend to really comply with the meaning of Shiqing. 

"Sorry, Professor Shi. These are not my responsibilities." 

Shi Qing: "OK, if you don't want to, let me call back, and I won't let you be responsible." 

Qin Yunsheng's eyes were heavy, and the young Marquis picked his eyebrows. 

The officer came back with no expression on his face. 

"Where do you want to call?" 

Shi Qing: "you sit down first." 

Qin Yunsheng sat down, lowered his eyes, and looked at Shi Qing. He sat up to him and picked at him. 

He's had a loss before his arm. He's skipping. 

I've also suffered losses in my waist. 

Finally, his eyes were fixed on the officer's heart. 

"That's it." 

Qin Yunsheng looked down at his strong body, then looked at the scar and forgot the pain. His face was eager to try, and he raised the tender hand of Shiqing. 

He sighed silently, feeling that he had seen the end. 

- bang! 

"Ah 

The young Marquis's eyes were red, and his hands almost didn't shed tears. 

"You are a man of iron! How can it be so hard everywhere! Can you block a bullet 

Qin Yunsheng sighed helplessly again. 

In fact, he found out just now that he was not too strong, but that Shiqing was too weak. 

Looking at holding hands, Jiaoqi, aggrieved to be unable to clear, the officer face helpless, to his side sat down. 

Gently holding his hand, looking at the top of the rapid red palm, hand slowly massage. 

"Well, I'll take care of you until you get better."





 Shi Qing successfully received the care of an officer. 

Clothes to hand out, meals to open mouth, every day just need to lie down comfortably on the line, Qin Yunsheng has always been a reliable man will handle everything properly. 

Every day, Professor Shi sat on tentatively. Beside him, he was a good-looking officer with a good-looking expression and fed him earnestly. 

Often this time, time Qing will put a bed table on the bed, open the computer and focus on looking at it. 

After reading this page, the marquis will ask the officer to turn the page for him. 

As for himself, why didn't he turn the page? Don't you see his hands are uncomfortable? 

It was really wrong for the officer to feel that Shi Qing was injured. He also tolerated the young marquis. Anyway, it was just a matter of turning the page. 

Qin Yunsheng had accidentally looked at it, which was almost full of various professional terms. 

I've confirmed that the eyes are something he can't understand. 

Although he was ordered to protect Shiqing, it was confirmed the next day that the Marquis, who participated in the research of C, was a straw bag. Therefore, although he had always abided by his duty, he did not pay much attention to it. 

Now that he knows that Shi Qing has real skills, Qin Yunsheng is on guard almost immediately. When he goes in and out, he will also begin to observe the surroundings quietly, killing all the dangers in the cradle. 

For Qin Yunsheng, such a task is relatively easy. He joined the army for such a long time, and what dangerous task has not been completed. He only protected a young marquis in the relatively safe Academy of science and technology. 

But the biggest obstacle to this task is the Marquis, who is protected. 

Ka! 

There was a sound of something coming from outside, like metal touching the door. The officer who had been quietly feeding when he was eating suddenly tightened his body subconsciously. 

A pair of sharp eyes suddenly looked at the direction of the door, a slender big hand without a bowl quickly fell on the waist gun, while staring at the direction of the door, slowly maintained the posture of holding the gun. 

The young Marquis did not notice the tense atmosphere in the house at all. He was eating while looking at the materials. Suddenly, the meal ran away and he looked up discontented. 

"What are you doing? Don't feed me." 

Qin Yunsheng twisted his eyebrows and slowly pulled out his gun. He carefully protected himself before Shi Qing. His voice was dignified: 

"there is someone outside." 

"What happened to someone? This is a rest area. No one is surprised. " 

The young Marquis, who clearly had hands but was coquettish and refused to move himself, turned his mouth in discontent: "you feed me quickly, I am hungry today." 

It is rare that he has such a good tone, but the officer is completely unmoved. 

He made a silent gesture, still a dignified face slowly blocked in front of Shiqing, a pair of eyes tightly staring at the doorknob. 

Shi Qing was not the first protection task of Qin Yunsheng. 

Before that, he had been ordered to protect a lot of people. 

Criminals, conspirators, businessmen. 

And his protection objects are not 100% safe under his protection. When a person has enemies who even dream of his death, no matter how pervasive the protection can not protect him. 

Therefore, in the face of this metal sound, even if it is clear that 90% of the possibility is just an accident, the handsome officers have to pay 200% vigilance for the remaining 10%. 

He was staring at the direction of the doorknob when he suddenly felt his clothes pulled from the back. 

Qin Yunsheng didn't look back, but he was a little helpless. 

"sorry, Professor Shi, would you like to wait for a moment 

When Qing's voice with a tired lazy: "you turn back." 

Qin Yunsheng: "Professor Shi, I know you don't have the ability to deal with danger, but this kind of thing is not for fun." 

Behind the young Marquis voice is still light: "Qin Yunsheng, I let you turn back." 

The officer was helpless. 

He had changed his outlook on the time, but he had to say that the carefree and arrogant Marquis sometimes made him feel helpless. 

Qin Yunsheng quickly turned back. 

His original intention is to turn back and forth one second, but when he saw it clearly, he pushed the computer screen facing him and stopped. 

On the screen is obviously a monitoring screen, showing a young man in a white coat with a round iron product in his hand wandering around the door. 

It was Tan Mingyi. 

He hesitantly put out his hand and landed on the door. It seemed that he wanted to knock on the door. After a second, he did not know why, and then he put down his hand hesitantly. 

After putting down his hands, Tan Mingyi's two hands are turning the iron ball on his hands. 

Obviously, the click sound Qin Yunsheng heard was from the other side turning the iron ball. 

Qin Yunsheng: 

He quietly put the gun back, picked up the bowl and spoon again, and sat down by the bed.Seeing that he sat back obediently, Shiqing was satisfied with this. He pushed the computer back, leaned back, lifted his chin, and said with a strong voice: 

"don't feed me now." 

Obediently, the officer scooped the rice with a spoon and handed it to the red lips of the other party. 

Seeing the young Marquis squinting comfortably and enjoying being fed, he opened his mouth: "why can you see the surveillance at the door here?" 

When he first came, he was familiar with the situation of the Institute of science and technology. In principle, only the monitoring room can see the situation. 

Shi Qing: "I hacked into the system." 

Qin Yunsheng: You hacked the Academy's surveillance system? " 

Even if he doesn't understand this, he knows that the system of the Institute of science and technology can not be hacked in at will. 

It is not only a matter of whether or not to break the law, but also a matter of technical content. 

The young Marquis didn't feel that he had broken the law at all. He snorted coldly and finished his mouth. Then he said: 

"what? Can't you? " 

Qin Yunsheng: "this is against the law." 

Shi Qing: "being found is a violation. I don't want to tell anyone else." 

With that, he raised the tail of his eyes and looked meaningfully at the man sitting by the bed. 

"I can remind you that you are my accomplice now. If you don't speak hard, my father will protect you. You will be miserable." 

If Shi Qing was good at life and told him, Qin Yunsheng must have more things than less. 

But the young Marquis, who was delicate and arrogant, tried to threaten him. 

The officer gently put the spoon in the bowl, and his free hand fell on his arm when he was proud of himself and pinched it gently. 

The young Marquis, who had just returned a pair of "Laozi is the most outstanding critic of the second generation of power Laozi", immediately lost its color on his beautiful face. He was quite nervous, and blinked his eyes to see Qin Yunsheng's hand. 

"What are you doing?" 

Obviously, they are afraid of this, but they still try to hold up the noble demeanor and scold: "I didn't allow you to touch me, let me go!" 

Qin Yunsheng turned a deaf ear, and even moved his hand to the upper arm. He felt his hand soft and tender, and pressed it gently with his index finger. 

Obviously, the force used is light and slow, but when it is lifted again, there is a red fingerprint on the white arm. 

I don't know. I thought he did it. 

But only the officer himself knew that every time he pressed a point, he calculated his strength in the bottom of his heart to make sure that he could be frightened and not really hurt such a delicate man. 

"Qin Yunsheng! Dare you 

The young Marquis did not realize that the officer was deliberately teasing himself. He was like a cat who had stepped on his tail. He refused to admit defeat in spite of his anger. He grinned and glared at the people sitting by his bed. 

Qin Yunsheng showed a slight smile, as if he had found some funny toys. His hand still held each other's arm gently. 

He could clearly feel the shaking of the body he was holding. 

Shiqing obviously wants to escape, but he still remembers the tragedy that happened before. Even if he scolded the sky, he didn't dare to move. He was afraid that he would hurt himself again. 

Clearly the other side can escape, and clearly very afraid, but can only be obediently controlled in the palm of his hand. 

This is something Qin Yunsheng has never met. 

He was just trying to scare Shi Qing, but now he's a little addicted. 

However, you should stop when you are satisfied. It really angered the marquis. He is so arrogant that it is impossible to do something about it, but it will certainly cause him many obstacles in the future. 

Although it may be painless, Qin Yunsheng hates trouble. 

He held his soft arm and felt the weakness of his palm. He said in a deep voice: 

"Professor Shi, we still have a lot of time to get along with each other in the future. I hope you can understand my work, so that we can get along more happily." 

"Happy ghost!" 

The angry young Marquis did not dare to move because his arms were still in the hands of others. He was so angry that he wanted to hit people on the spot. 

"Qin Yunsheng, I suggest you'd better make an apology to me, or I'll never let you go!" 

Qin Yunsheng's face still has no moving meaning. 

There was even a slight smile that made the young Marquis feel despised: 

"I am afraid you have misunderstood me. Although my task is to protect you, I am not bound by you." 

When Qing already is a pair of anger extremely counter smile appearance. 

"Is it?" 

He put on the airs of his second generation of power: "are you not bound by me? Qin Yunsheng, you are a person. As long as you are a person, you will have something to fear. If you dare to offend me, I will make you regret it! " 

The tone was very excited. 

The expression was angry. 

The content is very secondary. 

Looking at such a time, although the occasion was not quite right, Qin Yunsheng was almost amused by him.In this way, he has never heard of it since he went to high school. 

"You dare to laugh!" 

Obviously, the smile on the corner of his lips succeeded in infuriating the Marquis, who was already in a rage. 

He raised his other hand to fight, but was stopped by the handsome officer. 

Even in such a sudden situation, Qin Yunsheng still remembers the different delicate body of the person in front of him. He changed his posture to gently hold his wrist when he was facing the other party's hand. 

This can shackle the other side, but also won't let him get hurt. 

Now, Shi Qing's two hands are held by the officers. 

Two people face each other, Qin Yunsheng slightly droops the eyes, looks into this eye all wants to spurt the fire, one face angry looks at own young marquis. 

"I'm sorry, Professor Shi. I don't want to say that, but I really don't have anything to fear." 

"I'm afraid you will be disappointed if you intend to retaliate against me." 

When you clear your teeth, lift your feet and kick them. 

In order to prevent him from hurting himself again, Qin Yunsheng almost subconsciously pushed the man back and suppressed the young Marquis with his body. 

When Qing's hands were charged, his body was suppressed and could not move at all. 

Before the young Marquis could get angry, there was a voice outside. 

"Xiaotan? What are you doing at the door? " 

Tan Mingyi some nervous voice sounded: "the last time I wronged the professor, today I made a gadget, want to give him as an apology gift." 

"Go straight in. I've seen you standing at the door for a long time." 

Tan Mingyi stammered: "I'm a little embarrassed. I don't know if the professor is resting now." 

"Don't worry, the professor won't rest so early." 

The man said, kind-hearted knock on the door: "Professor, is there? We're coming in. " 

The handle of the door was twisted and the door opened. 

They stood at the door, staring at the scene inside. 

The pictures they saw were as follows: 

Qin Yun was living and dying on Shi Qing, holding his wrist in both hands, and almost all of them were above the young marquis. 

His military uniform, which was always meticulous, was wrinkled at the moment because of this movement. When he was lying on his back on the bed, his face was red, and his face, which was so beautiful that it was almost evil, became more and more blurred because of the red color. 

This posture, this movement 

Bang! 

Tan Mingyi's iron ball fell to the ground. 

"Time, time, Professor, you, you..." 

Qin Yunsheng was puzzled at the strange look on their faces in the first second, but soon, he reacted. 

The officer turned his head and looked at his grasp of the young Marquis's hand, and at their joint action in the big bed, as well as the intimate intimacy. 

Qin Yunsheng: 

He bounced as fast as he was scalded. 

Faced with the two people who looked at themselves with strange eyes, the officer was rarely flustered. His resolute face took on a trace of blush and stuttered and explained: 

"it's not what you think, it's..." 

A pair of white and tender arms suddenly caught his neck from behind. 

The young Marquis intimately put his chin on the officer's shoulder, and there was a smile on his beautiful face. 

"Yes, that's what you think." 

With that, he slowly dropped a hand to Qin Yunsheng's side and held his stiff hanging palm. 

They clasped their fingers together. 

Shiqing lifted his chin a little arrogantly, lifted the hand he held with Qin Yunsheng, and slightly hooked his red lips, announcing that Qin Yunsheng and I are a pair 

Qin Yunsheng: 

Qin Yunsheng: 

When he watched, he told the two people standing at the door: 

"well, don't disturb us, go away quickly." 

With that, the young Marquis stood on tiptoe and, in front of the two people's faces, pressed heavily on Qin Yunsheng's cheek. 

“mua！” 

It's quite loud. 

Qin Yunsheng: 

He was in a daze. 

The officers who had never been in love and had never been relatives were stiff and blank. 

Standing at the door of the two people are also a face of "Mom, the world is crazy" trance left. 

Just a few seconds after walking, Tan Mingyi ran back and carefully closed the door. 

As soon as they left, Shi Qing immediately released his hand holding Qin Yunsheng's palm. 

He looked at Qin Yunsheng, who was still stiff. He raised his eyebrows and held the officer's face in his hand: 

"I'm back." 

Qin Yunsheng, like a machine without oil, turned his neck and looked at Shi Qing"Why did you say that just now?" 

The young Marquis looked back, and his beautiful eyes were full of pride. 

"Scared?" 

"There is nothing you are afraid of. I think you are afraid now." 

Shi Qing turned around and sat down on the bed, comfortably leaning back. His voice was full of schadenfreude: 

"from today on, the whole Academy of science and technology will know that we are a couple." 

"How about it? Are you happy? Are you surprised? " 

Qin Yunsheng: 

Forgive his old head and can't understand why Shi Qing can easily use himself as a chip to fight against him. 

The officer's heart is still pounding. I don't know if it's because of the kiss or because of the hand he just held with Shiqing. 

His Adam's apple rolled up and down, and his resolute face was still flushed: 

"this kind of thing is not for fun. You can get up and explain it to me." 

"I'm not going." 

The young Marquis stretched out his long legs comfortably: "anyway, you didn't deny it just now. It's too late to go back." 

"In the future, you will be my boyfriend. As my boyfriend of Shiqing, if you are thirsty, you will give me water. If you are hungry, you will feed me to eat. If you don't, hum." 

Qin Yunsheng: Don't do it? " 

Shi Qing pursed his ruddy lips in a strange way: 

"if you don't, kiss you in front of everyone."





 Qin Yunsheng: 

Shi Qing: "you can go out and tell them that we have nothing to do with us. I don't care. Anyway, you know what they saw just now. Think about it. If you talk to them with your front foot, I'll cry to the whole Academy of science and technology that someone is eating dry and not paying attention. Tut Tut, that scene must be very exciting." 

Qin Yunsheng: 

Shi Qing won. 

Officers can be shot in a barrage of bullets, can also face professional killers without fear. 

But he really did not expect that the first time he recognized defeat was on a young Marquis who was so delicate that he would blush at the touch of him and scream with a little force. He had no value of military force at all. 

Shiqing really can't fight and has no lethality. 

But he has one characteristic. 

That is, shameless. 

It seems that Marquis does not mind if he has more than one boy friend. In fact, it is true that he has more than one boy friend. 

Even if both of them knew that it was the Revenge of Shiqing. 

Qin Yunsheng really took this charming young marquis. 

He's recovered now. 

In fact, Qin Yunsheng didn't care about reputation, but as a man who had never been close to people since childhood, he was a little confused after meeting such a soft and impolite kiss. 

He chose to continue to fight against the young Marquis: 

"you are at will. Anyway, I don't intend to get married in my life, but I'll teach you. In the future, you have to inherit the position of the Duke, and you must leave your blood." 

"Well..." 

The young Marquis shook his head: "I'm not going to get married, don't you know? I don't like girls. I like men. " 

Qin Yunsheng: 

When Qing side over the body, a pair of beautiful eyes bright, up and down looking at the officer, while looking, while still nodding, a look of appreciation. 

"Your appearance is in line with my requirements for a boyfriend. You have long legs, wide shoulders and narrow waist. Your face is good-looking and your hands are good. The key is that you have such a sense of justice that I like very much." 

Qin Yunsheng: 

Shi Qing continued: "and you are very strong. I just like to be strong. I remember that you will take time to train every day. When you train, you will sweat again. Think about it. When you train, I will sit beside you to help you refuel, and then watch the sweat sliding down from you. I will definitely pass your biceps, chest muscles, abdomen and so on Just think about it 

Qin Yunsheng: 

Although he didn't want to, his mind was really accompanied by the words of the Qing Dynasty began to appear the other side said that picture. 

He gave up completely. 

After that, Shi Qing leaned on the bed and ordered with arrogance: 

"that's it. You'll be my boyfriend in the future, my boyfriend. Don't you feed me to eat!" 

Qin Yunsheng: 

He gave up the struggle completely. Li cableway: "I'm sorry, professor. I did too much before. I apologize to you. Please forgive me." 

"Well." 

The young Marquis looked very proud. If he had a tail, he would have been high in the sky. 

He nodded his head as if it was a matter of fact, and said with great grace: "I accept your apology." 

Not waiting for Qin Yunsheng to breathe a sigh of relief, Shiqing then went on: "but I don't forgive you." 

"If you really think you are wrong, take good care of me and make up for it." 

Qin Yunsheng asked tentatively, "what is the clarification?" 

Obviously, in the face of the threat that "Manchu Academy of science and technology will know that they are in love with the time", officers can stretch and shrink and choose to be soft. 

"So." 

Shi Qing didn't mean to catch up with him. Seeing Qin Yunsheng softened, he cocked up his mouth with pride: 

"you can ask me to clarify, but today you have to take care of me properly all day long. You can give me whatever I want. If you can't fight back or scold me, you should be respectful to me after clarification." 

Qin Yunsheng's eyebrows and eyes gradually relaxed. 

The corners of his lips were slightly raised. 

How to forget, when Qing looked at fierce Ji, in fact, the nature is not bad, joke can, but also absolutely not too much. 

The officer agreed: "OK, it's a deal." 

"If you look after me well, I will clarify it at nine o'clock tonight." 

The young Marquis was triumphant and raised his eyebrows. 

Qin Yunsheng sat down beside the bed again, trying to look normal and again picked up the bowl on the table: 

"Professor Shi, I'll feed you to eat." 

"Ah." 

Shi Qing opened his mouth and enjoyed the officer's meal service very comfortably. 

The next day, he did try his best to summon Qin Yunsheng.But for an officer, half an hour of training is more tiring than the whole day today. 

The evening soon arrived, Qin Yunsheng was elated by the time Qing sent to buy rice. 

Walking in the corridor, he thought of the young Marquis's expression that seemed to have taken advantage of him. 

He didn't know what he was proud of. 

Didn't he do the same thing as today? 

Seeing that it was about to arrive, there suddenly appeared an obstacle in front of him. 

Shi Yiyi is standing in front of her melancholy eyes, staring at Qin Yunsheng. 

Seeing that the officer only looked at himself and didn't speak, she said, "brother Qin, I heard that you were with Shiqing?" 

Qin Yunsheng is silent. 

Now the appointed time has not come, if he takes the initiative to clarify, ghost knows whether the young marquis will be a demon. 

Seeing that he didn't answer, Shi Yiyi gritted her teeth and showed a sad look on her face: 

"he forced you, didn't you, brother Qin? In fact, I always like you. I know that you must be normal, you won't like men..." 

Seeing Shi Yiyi step forward, the officer subconsciously stepped back. Before he could say anything, he heard a cry with anger: 

"Shi Yiyi!" 

When the door opened, Shiqing came over and grabbed Qin Yunsheng's hand. Like an angry bird, she raised her chin at her cousin. 

"You want to seduce my boyfriend?" 

"I tell you, you can't play, Qin Yunsheng and I are not only lovers, we are also engaged, and we will get married!" 

Qin Yunsheng: 

He looks stiff and looks at Shi Qing, who is just like an old hen protecting her eggs. 

"We don't know how much love we have. It's useless for you to like it any more. He likes me!" he said 

With that, the young Marquis turned around and gave the officer with a blank brain again. 

"MUA -" 

Qin Yunsheng: " 

He looked at the clock on the wall just before nine o'clock in the evening. 

The brain crashed again.





 Qin Yunsheng felt that something was wrong. 

In one day, he changed from a pure bachelor to a man with a boyfriend. 

Then, from a man with a boy friend to a man engaged to get married. 

And it all happened so fast that I didn't even have seven hours. 

The officer tried to do something. 

But as soon as he stepped forward, he opened his mouth, and before he could say anything, he held on to him like a young Marquis guarding some treasures, so he took the first step, turned his head and stared at him angrily. 

"You must not speak!" 

When Qing doesn't let him talk, he doesn't speak, so he doesn't have face. 

Qin Yunsheng just didn't hear it and continued to open his mouth. 

“mua！” 

The young Marquis came to his face again, skillfully and quickly. 

Qin Yunsheng: 

The poor officer, who had never been so close to people since he was born, had a red face and looked at Shiqing with a blank look. 

He didn't mean to blush, it was just a reflex. 

But he was really at a loss. 

Shi Qing: "I said, you are not allowed to speak!" 

Qin Yunsheng: "I..." 

“mua！” 

He was tall and slender. Although he was wearing a proper military uniform, he could still see a good-looking and muscular officer, covering his face with his hands blankly. 

It's hot, even hot, where you've been kissing. 

His brain was unable to recover under such repeated attacks. 

Qin Yunsheng: "you..." 

“mua！” 

After three attacks, the officer finally found a little sense. 

He covered his face and shut his mouth quietly. 

Seeing that he didn't speak and made trouble, the young Marquis turned around with satisfaction and raised his eyebrows. His bright eyes were full of contentment. 

"See, how much we love each other." 

Shiyiyi intentionally came here to block people, in order to let Shiqing hear the movement and come out to see this scene. 

She certainly doesn't like Qin Yunsheng. 

Although the man was handsome, good-natured and in good shape, he was just a baron. 

The man she wants to marry must be respected. 

Like Qin Yunsheng, she didn't even look. 

She came here deliberately to block people just to provoke Shi Qing. 

The reason why he was provoked, of course, was for the Duke's property. 

Although she did not get along with the Duke, she could see that he was a very square man. 

At first glance, it's that old-fashioned patriarch. How can such a person agree to have an only son, who will inherit the title of Duke with a man in the future. 

In addition, when Qing's temper is added, as long as this thing is used as a fuse, the fight between father and son is just a matter of a few days. 

In the heart thought very good, when Yi Yi looks to already is a pair of by her exasperation, can't wait to circle the chassis of the young Marquis, in the eyes of proud flash. 

You've never been married to two of you for a long time? Who believes it. " 

Shi Yiyi: "Shi Qing, although you are my brother, but since you have not announced the news of your love, in other people's eyes, brother Qin is single, why can't I pursue him?" 

The young Marquis was made more angry indeed. 

Shi Qing sneered, and there was no hesitation: 

"I will announce my relationship with him soon. Shi Yiyi, you have no chance." 

With that, the young Marquis added with disgust: 

"I thought the person you liked before was Qin Cheng, but I didn't expect you to be so fickle and stare at the meat in other people's pots. I didn't live with Qin Yun before. You didn't say you like him. Now we are together, you jump out again." 

Qin Cheng is also a member of the Academy of science and technology. He has the title of earl. He is a little generation that the queen likes very much. It has been rumored that the queen wants to pass on the throne to him. 

So when the Earl, who is said to be the "invisible Prince", went straight to the Academy of science and technology after graduation and indulged in research, he surprised a large group of people. 

When Shi Yiyi came to the Academy of science and technology, she came to the "invisible Prince". 

Hearing Shi Qing's sarcasm, she was not angry. 

Anyway, there are not many people here. If she is said that she will not lose a few pieces of meat, she can achieve her goal. 

Shi Yiyi: "you don't have to worry about how I do. In a word, I will pursue Qin Yunsheng. As long as you don't announce your relationship to everyone, I will never let go." 

Shi Qing: [all in all, this lady is so considerate, so excellent and so kind. Are you sure she is really a villain? ] 

System: [in the original plot, she really stabbed Qin Yunsheng in the later stage, but she killed her husband who was eager to engage in scientific research. ] Focus on scientific research? 

Shi Qing: Qin Cheng? ] 

the system is frantically searching data: [yes, it's Qin Cheng! ] 

Shi Qing searched his memory about Qin Cheng in his mind. 

He didn't pay attention to his appearance. He only remembered that he was a young man with glasses. He seldom appeared in front of people, because he was addicted to scientific research, and still couldn't extricate himself from it. 

Skipping this episode, Shiqing took the stiff arm of the officer beside him, and was excited by his cousin's words: 

"wait, I will announce tomorrow that all the people in the world will know that we are together!" 

Yiyi in the heart of a joy, hard to support in the face of a disdain to put out the appearance. 

"Well, I'll wait tomorrow." 

With that, she turned around and left, thinking about how to tell her father the bad news tomorrow. 

Even if Shiqing is an only child, a man with a man can not have an heir's belly, can he still inherit the title and family property? 

Qin Yunsheng, who watched Shi Yiyi leave helplessly:.... " 

Of course, he can see the hidden pride in Shi Yiyi's eyes. 

Obviously, this cousin, who had always disagreed with Shiqing, deliberately urged him to announce his love with a man. 

But the young Marquis, who ate him to death, actually believed it. 

The officer felt the young Marquis who was still clinging to his arm even if his cousin left. He was silent for a few seconds before he opened his mouth: 

"Professor Shi, what is to be clarified..." 

Shi Qing pretended to be stupid: "what clarifies? What clarifies? What's so clear? " 

Qin Yunsheng: 

Even if he had experienced the other party's thick skin before, now he felt it again, he still felt helpless. 

The officer's good temper reminds: "today you promised to help me clarify our relationship at nine o'clock." 

"Do you have any?" "I don't know," Marquis said, "I don't know." 

Qin Yunsheng: Please stop joking with me 

When the clear is not joking, justifiably: "you just did not hear?" 

"Shiyiyi likes you. If we clarify that you are single again, she will definitely come to pursue you. She is not good-looking, bad tempered and bad hearted. If you don't want to be entangled by her, you can cooperate with me well." 

The officer stretched out his hand helplessly, pinched his brow and breathed out a breath. 

Although he had known that Shi Qing and Shi Yiyi had a bad relationship, he never thought that Shi Qing could cooperate with him for the sake of Shi Yiyi's words. 

Qin Yunsheng "Shi Yiyi doesn't like me." 

Shi Qing: "she likes you." 

Qin Yunsheng: "she really doesn't like me." 

Shi Qing: "she just likes you." 

Qin Yunsheng It doesn't make sense. 

Even in the army, he had never seen such an obstinate person. 

The officer sighed again, feeling that his whole life was going to end today. 

He tried to clear his mind and clear the way to the time: 

"she said that clearly meant to urge you to disclose our relationship. If you really comply with her wishes, you will be cheated." 

Qin Yunsheng took hold of the discord between the cousins, and advised, "you don't want to be cheated. When you look at the young lady, are you proud?" 

Normally speaking, Shiqing should listen to it. 

The young Marquis, however, did not lift his eyelids and said, "no way. I declare my relationship with you. What's good for her?" 

Qin Yunsheng: "for example, will the Duke be angry?" 

"Hiss." 

"I don't care if I have a bad relationship with him. I don't care if he is angry." 

Qin Yunsheng: The Duke may be angry and refuse to pass on his title and property to you. " 

The officer thought, as soon as this sentence comes out, we should know the seriousness of the matter. 

Shi Qing: "whatever he wants, that's what he earned himself. If he's happy, he can take it to the ground if he's happy." 

The young Marquis's white and beautiful face was full of free and easy, and he could not see his reluctant expression at all. His ruddy lips were slightly pursed, and even looked a little disgusted. 

Qin Yunsheng's eyes gradually became complicated. When he didn't believe it, he didn't know what those assets and titles represented. 

If you pull a person on the street, you are willing to pay all for it. 

But it seems that the young Marquis, who always depends on his family background and is arrogant and wanton, can be so lightly abandoned. 

Still a kid. 

He would not think how hard his life would be if he didn't have it. 

He asked, "how do you live if you really lose the Duke's support because of the publication of the romance?" 

When the delicate, when the Qing arrogant, and when the Qing that seems to be born with the right and strong.Isn't all this supported by a steady stream of money and social status? 

The young Marquis, slender and still in his close fitting pajamas, yawned and slouched. 

From Qin Yunsheng's point of view, you can see his white nose tip from the side. 

There are always some people in the world who are born with a preference. They are born with a proud family background. With endless wealth, they have a good skin bag. 

It seems that all the good things in the world have returned to Shiqing. 

When Qin Yunsheng was looking at him, the young Marquis, who was loved by all kinds of people, was lazy and boneless and leaned on him. 

Good looking lips in the light as if with water light, lip angle slightly tilted, so pick eyes tail, bad smile to look at the officer. 

"What do you think I am? The kind of dandy who only knows how to chew the old and have fun? " 

Qin Yunsheng: 

According to the behavior before the Qing Dynasty, isn't it?? 

It's really not. 

He raised his eyebrows, and his voice was prolonged because of his laziness. After lowering and lengthening, his original pleasant voice was just like adding a layer of enchanting aura, which made people itch: 

"without my father's support, I could still make it. The big deal is to develop some small software and make some small things to sell money, although it is a little troublesome." 

Looking at Shi Qing, whose face was full of "this thing is troublesome, but I can support myself after doing it, and I can do it when necessary", Qin Yunsheng suddenly has a guess in his heart. 

He asked, "I've never seen you come out before, because it's too troublesome?" 

"Hmmm." 

The young Marquis leaned lazily on Qin Yunsheng: "I don't rely on this thing to eat. What can I do so hard? I can use it whenever necessary." 

The officer's look was a little confused. 

Yeah, that makes sense. 

Why is it that Shi Qingming can make his own chips and hack into the system of the Academy of science and technology, but he has been doing what others think is "salted fish for the credit". 

Because he doesn't have to rely on it to eat. 

For the lazy and wayward young Marquis, he was too lazy to expose his true abilities unless necessary. 

After all, even if he is really a salted fish, he can still live more freely than 99.9% of the world's people. 

On the surface of salted fish, the actual big man when the professor cut back to the subject, sleepy when he spoke soft voice, but also with a tired lazy. 

"Qin Yunsheng, I'm not afraid. What are you afraid of? Anyway, you are the first to attack me today. You should be responsible for it." 

He said this forcefully and irrationally, and as he spoke, his slender and beautiful white fingers fell to the officer's hand. 

Just can't refuse to squeeze his own into Qin Yunsheng's palm, only to let him hold it can he give up. 

Qin Yunsheng: 

What's a puff. 

It's self-defense without hurting the other side. 

He also wanted to struggle for a while. While talking, he tried to rescue his hand: 

"Professor Shi, I'm sorry, it's really inappropriate..." 

"What are you doing?" 

Before he finished speaking, he was interrupted by the young Marquis who couldn't even touch his body. 

"It hurts..." 

He was wronged to cry out, as if by the day's pain, the end of his eyes red, very uncomfortable will be beautiful slender fingers to the lips, careful whistling. 

Blow a few times, still don't forget to look at the officer who was confused by his sudden action with the eyes of condemnation. 

"If you talk, just say it. What do you do to beat me?" 

Qin Yunsheng: "I didn't, I just moved..." 

"No one moves so hard. It hurts." 

The young Marquis held his hand and denounced the officer with a very smooth voice: 

"I think you are deliberately retaliating, deliberately hurting me, so as to satisfy your own revenge psychology." 

Qin Yunsheng: "Professor Shi, I really didn't mean to. I just wanted to draw it out..." 

"Well, why did you take it out? I don't mean to retaliate against me 

Seeing the officer's explanation, the young Marquis lifted his chin: 

"what do you want to say? I advise you to be careful. I'll give you one last chance. If you don't seriously apologize to me, you can't even think about the clarification. " 

Qin Yunsheng: 

"Professor Shi, I'm sorry to hurt you. I'll pay attention to it next time." 

The young Marquis hummed, "do you want another time?" 

The officer followed his words: "I made a slip of the tongue. I'm sorry." 

Then he was satisfied. His mouth was slightly cocked up with a little pride, and his eyebrows and eyes were full of contentment"Well, for the sake of your attitude, I forgive you." 

He promised to be so happy, but he didn't make any difficulties. Qin Yunsheng was still a little used to it. 

The officer asked tentatively, "what is the clarification?" 

Shi Qing: "don't worry. I'm very generous. You can think about it now." 

Qin Yunsheng: 

So if you want to, do you really just want to? 

He was completely convinced by this little clever little Marquis, but he was fooled again at the critical moment. 

The officer took a fresh look, and no longer treated the matter in a persuasive and playful manner. 

He's serious. He's serious. 

"Professor Shi, this matter has not been discussed. Although I have never been in love, I have been taught to be serious about feelings since I was a child." 

"If you want to pretend to be a couple just to get angry with others, or to be angry with me, I can't accept it, so let's call it a day." 

When Qing didn't shout his hand again, he squeezed his hand into the palm of his opponent's palm again. Seeing that the officer wanted to avoid it, he was afraid that he would hurt his tangled appearance. A smile appeared on his white face, which was as beautiful as a monster. 

"So you'll only be with people who like you?" 

Qin Yunsheng was already distracted by the action that he had to squeeze his hand into the palm of his hand. He also took time to reply: 

"yes, I am very serious about feelings, and I don't agree with this kind of game of playing with feelings." 

Shi Qing: "so coincident, so am I!" 

Qin Yunsheng looked at the monster's appearance and unruly behavior. He spread a lot of playful and notorious Shiqing in the river and Lake: "......" 

Before his mission, he knew all kinds of history of the little marquis. 

A standard dandy. 

And now, the other side told him that he was very serious about his feelings?? 

The officer frowned and remained unmoved. 

"Professor Shi, please don't be kidding. I'm communicating very seriously." 

"Who is not?" 

He stood on tiptoe and his lips fell on the other side's ears. He deliberately lowered his voice and asked in a soft voice: 

"Qin Yunsheng, I am also communicating with you very seriously. Can't you see it 

Seeing that the officer was stiff and did not dare to move, the young Marquis was smiling and did not dare to hurt himself by his opponent. He just grasped his finger and forced the officer to face his four eyes. 

In Qin Yunsheng's eyes, when Qing's eyebrows and eyes are smiling and his eyes are on the tail of his eyes, he looks like a beautiful flower blooming slowly. 

And when this little flower began to bloom its charm, it was sending out messages all over the body. 

The specific performance is "pick me, you pick me", "see how beautiful I am, pick me home", "I am mature, you can pick me up", and so on. 

From being born single to now, the officers are almost uncontrollable. 

Fortunately, he has strong willpower. 

When the delicate fingertips, deliberately in the palm with cocoon rub. 

The officer took a deep breath and looked calm. 

"How do you know that I don't like you?" 

He was halfway through the inhalation and froze. 

The young Marquis's tone can be said to be light: "I said before, I like men, your type, just my favorite." 

Qin Yunsheng can feel that the soft and tender fingertips of the other party are crossing the cocoon of his palm. 

It's light and tender, like the piece of tofu he bought last year. 

His eyelashes began to blink at a rate of 1.5 times happier than usual, and his heart beat was nearly 1.2 times faster than usual. 

Shi Qing put his head on his shoulder: "if you think it's not good for us to pretend to be lovers..." 

The little Marquis's words deliberately dragged on for a long time, but Qin Yunsheng's heart seemed to tremble. 

When always arrogant and reserved voice deliberately lowered, make soft waxy tone, the lethality is almost 200%. 

And at the moment, this soft waxy, and delicate voice is saying: "then we come to really it." 

"You like me, and I like you." 

The little Marquis's voice fell to the officer's ears gently, as if it were snowflakes: 

"although I am afraid of pain, as long as you gently, I will not dislike you." 

Qin Yunsheng: 

He felt as if his heart had stopped. 

There is only one sentence left in my brain: swipe the screen: 

What does that mean?? 

What do you mean by that?!! 

When he was doubting his life, Shi Qing slowly let go of his hand and squeezed his finger into the palm of the officer's palm: 

"come on, gently hold my hand, and we will be really a couple in the future. You must be nice to me." 

Qin Yunsheng's brain is blank. 

He didn't think it was right.Reason told him that Shi Qing must be playing tricks again. 

He is a dandy. How can he be serious about him. 

To say such words is just to deceive him into submission. 

But holding the hand of the little Marquis, the officer could not say a word of "no". 

His resolute face has already taken on the helpless, ear tip red dripping blood, the hand also subconsciously holds the hand of Shi Qing. 

The officer felt like he was in a marshmallow trap. 

Want to struggle to climb out, but always sticky sugar back. 

Want to shout for help, a mouth is full of sweet. 

Intend to grasp the rational swing sober, turn around to find that reason has long been submerged by sweet marshmallow. 

The little Marquis leaned slightly and put his head on his shoulder. His voice was soft and sticky, and his voice was low and timid. 

"Why don't you talk? What's wrong with me? I really like you very much. You don't have to say anything else. Just say a good word, just a little sentence. " 

Poor, delicate and sweet. 

-- CLICK! 

Qin Yunsheng seemed to hear the voice of the things in his heart called the defense line. 

He was shamefully occupied. 

"Good." 

To achieve the goal, marshmallow turned into overlord flower in an instant. 

The little Marquis, leaning on his shoulder, straightened up, and the timid look on his face returned to complacency and reserve for a second. 

"That's what you said 

Qin Yunsheng looks at Shi Qing, who suddenly changes his face when he has achieved his goal 

The little Marquis was cocking up his small mouth and stepped back with pride. He took out his mobile phone from his pocket and shook it: 

"I recorded it. The evidence is conclusive. If you promise to be my boyfriend, it's useless to deny it." 

Qin Yunsheng: 

When he watched, he counted the playing key, and immediately came the other side's pitiful weak tone. 

But the party is very proud of the appearance, cocked up the corners of his mouth, satisfied has been listening to the end. 

After showing off the recording, the little Marquis was even more proud. 

As in the past, arrogant and justifiably ordered the officers: 

"the rice you bought is cold, please buy me another one." 

Oh, not as usual. 

It's more reasonable than ever. 

Now, after all, Qin Yunsheng is officially his boyfriend.





 "Qin Yunsheng, I want to eat this." 

"Qin Yunsheng, I want to eat that." 

"Qin Yunsheng, I want to eat fruit." 

"Qin Yunsheng, my shoulder is sore. Pinch my shoulder." 

"Qin Yunsheng, I want to sing. You can sing with me in the evening." 

This is on the first day of love, the little Marquis asked her boyfriend. 

In the early morning of the next day, the people of the Academy of science and technology not only received the message of "I have taken off the bill" from Shi Qing, but also were covered with love. 

People in science and technology colleges are relatively free, especially at the professor level. 

Although everyone knew that Shi Qing was a parallel professor before, he was also a professor. 

And all of us know that Shiqing is experienced in water. He can't get on with his serious work. He is definitely responsible for his experience and credit. 

I'm not happy, but I can't help it. Who makes people noble. 

Anyway, as long as you don't make trouble. 

As a result, today's uncle came. Although he didn't work as usual, he didn't stop calling on his boyfriend. 

He sat there comfortably, holding a book to read. He was tall and strong, but he could only follow his orders. The officers who ran around were miserable. 

Although did not run out of sweat, but also basically did not stop. 

People can't help but look sideways. 

Still can't help but sympathize with Qin Yun. 

make complaints about it: "is this really talking about a boyfriend?" 

Isn't it true that you bought a servant and used it like crazy? 

Before Qin Yunsheng was almost half a bodyguard, there was no such thing. 

Because of the confrontation between Shi Qing and Tan Mingyi in person before, now they still don't dare to beep for fear of being hit in the face if he is not careful. 

It's not professional. It's always OK to have a personal life. 

Professor Shi's glorious history is too much. It's hard to write. 

And now, he has another one, he doesn't treat his boyfriend as a person. 

Several people who came out to the toilet were muttering in the corridor. Qin Yunsheng came back with the fresh fruit. 

Seeing their gossiping, the resolute soldiers frowned. 

As a soldier, his nature seems to contain responsibility. 

Although it was routine, but Shiqing did not force him to agree, it was his own did not stand the temptation. 

Now that he has agreed, then Shiqing is his little boyfriend, so he should be responsible for protecting him. 

What's more, Shiqing is not like what they said. 

In private, although he was a little rude, he was absolutely not excessive. 

It's just that she's a little bit coquettish, she's bad tempered, she's a bit picky about eating, and she likes to be bossy. 

Nature is good. 

It was said that it was because people only saw the appearance of his bad temper and didn't pay attention to his inner part. 

The officer strode forward, and did not hide, directly to a few people. 

"You misunderstood me." 

A few people who are muttering and whispering gossip suddenly see the party appear: 

“…… Qin, brother Qin... " 

Qin Yunsheng looked at their cautious expression, still a face of serious pursed lips, seriously explained: "Shiqing is not what you said, he is just a child temperament, we just confirmed the relationship, he wants to announce the world." 

Several people: "yes, yes, yes." 

Qin Yunsheng: "although he usually talks a little unreliable, but it is absolutely not as serious as you said, just a child is not sensible." 

A few people:.... " 

Children?? 

Children??? 

Have you ever seen such a big kid?? 

Which child can also become a professor?? 

But in the face of wearing a stiff uniform, a serious face, any standing as if revealing a resolute officer, they still disobeyed their will to nod. 

"That's right. That's what we think." 

Qin Yunsheng continued: "you may have a lot of misunderstandings about him, but before you make it clear, you still don't say it in private, so as to avoid misinformation." 

A few people said again 

Does Professor Shi still use the wrong words to convey the wrong?? 

Isn't this obvious?? 

But when they were frowning and waiting for their reply, the professor's new boyfriend still forced out a smile on their faces. 

"Brother Qin You're right. " 

Qin Yunsheng didn't see their reluctance, but they didn't believe it. He couldn't force the other party to believe it. 

The officer twisted his eyebrows and his face became more serious. 

He thought of Shi Qing's temperament.If people don't like him, he can do more. What he thinks is not to try to make the other party like him, but you don't like me. I will do whatever you hate. 

People who are not angry are also typical of people who are disgusting. 

So, of course, he will become what he is now. Almost all the people in the Academy of science and technology think that he is just a person who will give people trouble, have a bad temper and rub against other people's research results. 

Although he knows that Shiqing doesn't care about this, Qin Yunsheng, as his new boyfriend, still has some grievances for him. 

It's a skill, but it's a waste. 

He was regarded as a villain. 

Obviously, his temperament is delicate and painful at the touch, but no one has ever found out that he is just feisty and bad tempered. 

If it wasn't because he hurt him unintentionally, I'm afraid that he would be like these people in his life. 

I always thought that Shi Qing was that kind of person. When I finished the task silently, I would leave quickly. 

Seeing Qin Yunsheng standing where he was, those men had deep eyes and did not know what they were thinking of. They poked each other and finally pushed out a man. 

The man scratched his head awkwardly and asked Qin Yunsheng, "brother Qin, are you really with Professor Shi?" 

The officer regained consciousness and nodded earnestly. 

"That's right." 

"That, that, that, we must be blessing you. But brother Qin, do you think that there is something wrong with your mode of getting along with Professor Shi?" 

It's always embarrassing to speak ill of each other in front of others. He stutters a little and says politely: 

"in love, do you want to understand and take care of each other?" 

Although Shi Qing and Qin Yunsheng announced that they were in love for less than a day, their relationship mode was too clear. 

This is exactly when Qin Yunsheng took care of him unilaterally. 

Still, Shi Qing was very reasonable and ordered others. 

Normal love, should not be like this. 

Although it is not surprising that Shi Qing did such a thing, Qin Yunsheng 

Although he usually speaks very kindly and loves to smile, his momentum is enough to make people speak carefully to him. Look at his strong body and his deep eyes. 

When he stood in the same place with no expression on his face, it was enough to make all people in awe. 

Such a man is a tough man in every way, but he is eager for Shiqing and obedient like a big dog. 

This, this is unreasonable 

He continued cautiously: "this love ah, I also talked about several times, for each other good can be long, Qin elder brother you say?" 

Qin Yunsheng didn't realize what image he was in the other party's eyes. He just nodded and agreed. 

"That's right." 

He promised to be so happy, but it was to rack his brains to gently remind Qin Yunsheng that he was stunned. 

Seeing that he didn't know what to say, another colleague couldn't wait, so he went forward and said, "brother Qin, we have a good relationship and respect you very much. We are happy for you when you have someone you like. But don't you think that Professor Shi's attitude towards you is a little too casual? Today, he has made you run many times. " 

It's no problem to take care of your lover, but it's not taking care of you. It's just walking away. 

Qin Yunsheng was not angry and opened his mouth carefully when he saw two people saying this: 

"brother Qin, you haven't found that although you are together, do you still get along with Professor Shi the same as before?" 

Qin Yunsheng was shocked by this sentence. 

Yes, they confirmed the relationship, but Shi Qing's attitude towards him was still the same as before. 

As before, he asked him to run errands and to do this and that. When he was free, he asked him to pinch his shoulder and beat his back. 

Before his heart will occasionally have dissatisfaction, but professionalism let him hide this dissatisfaction, on the surface still cold continue to work. 

But now, after realizing that Shi Qing's attitude towards him had not changed before and after falling in love, the look on the officer's face gradually changed. 

His eyes darkened, and his eyes showed a look of thinking: 

"is it..." 

Several people are a joy, think he finally wake up, nervous and looking forward to him. 

Qin Yunsheng: "did Shiqing like me before?" 

Several people: 

Several people:.... " 

No, how did this conclusion come out?? 

No one likes it so much! 

However, the officers did not notice their expressions at all, and they were still trapped in this kind of thinking. 

In fact, when I think about it now, I'm afraid Shiqing has been different from others for a long time.He will ask him to do this and that, which is coquettish and unreasonable. 

But to others, he never said a word more, and naturally would not ask others to do anything. 

Isn't this just because in Shi Qing's eyes, he is different from these people? 

In addition, before two people Oolong was misunderstood, normal people will not only deny when there is such a misunderstanding, but also firmly affirm that they have a relationship? 

Although it seems that Shi Qing is deliberately angry with him, no one's way is to put himself into it. 

It was absolutely not good for Shi Qing to announce a love affair with him. 

At his age, it's time for him to fall in love. He knows how to talk with a boyfriend. 

The only advantage of this love affair confirmed by time list is Qin Yunsheng. 

The officer's frown gradually loosened. 

His eyes, also with a little tenderness and pity. 

"So he liked me so early." 

Shi Qing also mentioned many times that he liked his own type, but he ignored them all. 

But in fact, he is telling the truth. 

Several people: 

If they know what Qin Yunsheng is thinking, they must hold his shoulder and shake him wildly to wake him up. 

The Qing Dynasty's attitude towards Qin Yunsheng was even worse, because he hated Qin Yunsheng and shiyiyi. 

He didn't force others, because others were serious to work, and not specially to protect the people of Shiqing. 

Good fact, how did Qin Yunsheng turn a corner in his head?? 

Of course, now they do not know what Qin Yunsheng is thinking, but it does not hinder their black face question marks. 

What is it to like him in the early morning??? 

Is this officer really not blind?? 

Professor Shi treated him like that, called like him?? 

Qin Yunsheng, however, is already relaxed after a face of imagination. 

In fact, he didn't sleep all night last night, thinking about his relationship with Shiqing. 

Although I don't want to admit it, to tell the truth, when Shiqing deliberately pretended to be weak, he was really a little moved. 

Soon, though, the little Marquis was restored to his true colors. 

But at that time, the feeling of his face burning red and his heart pounding was still fresh in Qin Yunsheng's memory. 

On the one hand, he thought it was good to have such a little boyfriend, and on the other hand, he was afraid that Shi Qing was playing with tickets. 

Both of them are far away from each other in character, hobby and profession. 

The probability of halal falling in love with him is too low. 

But now, after the reminders of these people, he finally realized that maybe before, Shi Qing was interested in him. 

The officer's lips curled up slightly, revealing a smile of peace of mind. 

He said to several people: "thank you for telling me that Shiqing has always liked me." 

"I bought the fruit and put it on the big table for a while. You want to take it by yourself. I'll go first." 

With that, he was tall and slender. When he walked, he always revealed a soldier's fortitude. The handsome officer left in a good mood with his mouth raised. 

Several people:.... " 

"What did he just say?" 

“…… It seems to be, thank you for reminding him that the professor always liked him... " 

"It's a dream, isn't it?" 

[Ding! Qin Yunsheng's rejection rate is 65 out of 100, the host is wonderful! The host is amazing! The host is the best! ] 

sitting on his chair with his long legs up, Shi Qing looks like an old man looking at the computer: "I didn't do anything. Don't praise me. I don't get paid for nothing. ] 

System: [ha? ] 

it's a little confused. 

I looked at the historical record of the decline in rejection. 

System: [but the rejection has been declining. ] 

Shi Qing: [Oh, this one. ] 

Shi Qing: [it's OK. It's normal. Qin Yunsheng is just like this character. He can complete a love without me. ] 

this is the first time that the system has encountered this situation. It is a bit confused. 

And then 

Ding! Qin Yunsheng's rejection rate: 61 out of 100] 

this time, it was clear that the host did nothing. 

The system checked several times, but found no problem with the data, so I could only recite and go back to watch the documentary. 

Human beings are so strange. 

When the system is gone, Shi Qing continues to look at his computer. 

His seat is against the wall, which means that he can only be seen in his face and his back to people's computers. 

Most people in the office look like this: 

they lean lazily on the sofa, with their legs on the table, a bag of potato chips in their hands, staring at the computer screen. 

While watching, eating potato chips.Click, click, click. 

Damn it. He must be watching some bloody TV series. 

This wicked nobleman. 

No one dares to say anything, and no one dares to say that there is nothing wrong with wasting resources at work. 

This product is a kind of revenge. If it is hated by him, it will not be easy in the future. 

As a result, a group of people can only watch while watching the computer screen, while picking up a cup of fat house happy water to drink. 

When you're done, go on eating potato chips. 

Click, click, click. 

The door opened from the outside when she was eating happily. 

Qin Yunsheng strides in and puts the washed fruit on the table. 

"I bought some fruit and ate it." 

There was a chorus in the office. All of them were young people, and they were quite lively. Immediately someone got up to get the fruit. 

Then they watched Qin Yunsheng standing in his place, carefully and quickly selected the biggest and sweetest, put them on the plate, and took them to Shiqing. 

Professor Shi, however, did not leave his eyes off the screen for a moment. He just opened his mouth and asked people to feed him. 

Hello! Your boyfriend has worked hard to wash the fruit and carefully picked it out for you to eat. 

Did you end up with this attitude?! 

It's really worthless for Qin Yunsheng. 

However, the party did not feel that Shi Qing was perfunctory. He looked at the little Marquis who was concentrating on the computer. 

The little Marquis was obviously very serious, his eyes were black and bright at ordinary times, and his face was more white. 

Now, because I am staring at the bright screen, my eyes are more bright and attentive, as if there are stars in them. 

The officer looked at the screen. 

As expected, they are some professional words that he can't understand. 

Although he couldn't understand, he also understood how powerful Shiqing was to understand these things. 

But he is so serious, but others think he is ignorant. 

At the thought of this, the officer's eyes softened a little. 

He looked at Shiqing, his little nose was more fragile and delicate by the computer screen lining, but his lips were more and more ruddy. 

Before Qin Yunsheng never paid close attention to other people's looks, but now, he found that he hated Shiqing's delicacy before, which was too much of an egg to pick bones. 

Why didn't you find out before that, the little Marquis was clearly already written about his delicacy, as if moving a finger could make him cry out pain. 

Such a person is born to be held in the palm of his hand. 

However, he has the professional knowledge which is not lost to anyone, but he has to be misunderstood. 

Although now the Qing Dynasty is indifferent and even happy to see its success. 

But where in the world can anyone be happy after being misunderstood? 

Maybe it's just used to it before, and now I won't be sad any more. 

At the thought of this, the officer would like to make such a poor and lovely man smaller and put it in his pocket, so that he would never have to worry about no one to take care of him. 

Qin Yunsheng took a piece of orange and carefully peeled off the white veins on it. Then he handed it to the ruddy lips of the little marquis. 

When the clear eye blinks also does not blink looked at the screen, the mouth opened, chewed several times, a beautiful face immediately wrinkled into a ball. 

"Well Acid. " 

"Sour?" 

When the officer bought it, he only looked at the size, color and shape, but he didn't expect to buy back the sour orange. He quickly took a piece of paper and handed it to the little Marquis's mouth: 

"spit it out." 

"Eat a grape and press it." 

Shi Qing didn't vomit out, but swallowed with a wrinkled face. After swallowing, he turned and stood up, close to Qin Yunsheng's shoulder. 

The little Marquis was smiling. A beautiful face like a demon was full of bad smiles. Even if there was no computer light, his eyes still seemed to contain stars. 

He took Qin Yunsheng's hand and took him to the rest room. 

The officer was a little confused, so his handsome face was full of doubts: 

"what's the matter? Are you tired? " 

There are sofa and tea table in the rest room. People come to clean it every day, which is also clean and tidy. 

When Qing squeezed his hand into the palm of the other side, the voice was soft and soft: "I want to sleep." 

Qin Yunsheng, who has already entered the state of her boyfriend: "I remember that there are several blankets in the cabinet. You can sleep under the blanket." 

He was about to turn to get the blanket, but the little Marquis did not let go. He took him to the edge of the sofa with his soft fingers. 

Every time two people approached, the officer would not dare to exert any force for fear of hurting each other, this time as well. 

Even if he could let go of the little Marquis with a little wave of his hand, he was very obedient to the strength of Shiqing, all the way to the sofa.His eyes seem to be with a smile, leaning against the armrest of the sofa, asked always very wayward little lovers: "how?" 

When Qing pushes his hand at him, the officer who is caught off guard falls back on the soft sofa. 

Qin Yunsheng didn't have time to react, so he saw the Marquis fall down. 

Almost subconsciously, he immediately adjusted his position, making sure that he would not touch the other side, and stretched out his long hand. He did not dare to use his strength to hold the soft and soft body in the face, so as to avoid the pain of falling. 

In this way, both of them fell on the sofa smoothly. 

The officer is the next, the little marquis is is the first. 

When the red lips of Qing Dynasty were discontented, his delicate fingertips poked Qin Yunsheng's clothes. 

"That orange was really sour just now. My mouth is full of acid. How could you buy such a sour orange?" 

The officer was at a loss for the closeness between the two men, but he managed to control the impulse to blush and replied: 

"I bought it downstairs. I thought it was a sweet orange when I saw its color. The next time I buy it, I will confirm that it is really sweet and then buy it back." 

"That won't work. You're so sour that you have to make up for it." 

The little Marquis, as always, was unreasonable and unforgiving, but this time it was different from before. Although he said the words of compensation, his beautiful face was full of bad smiles. Looking at Qin Yunsheng's eyes, he was also full of bad smiles. 

The officer noticed that his attitude was not right. He was confused and puzzled. Before he asked, Shiqing had already got up slightly. 

He made them a little further apart, one hand on the officer's shoulder and the other on the other's collar. 

Hold on to the collar so he has to get close to him. 

The next second, Qin Yunsheng looked at the little lover who was close at hand and suddenly opened his eyes. 

When Qing releases him: "you taste, sour not acid?" 

A few seconds later, the red faced and resolute soldier tried to resist the red face and red ear tip, and faltered and opened his mouth: 

"sweet."





 Only then did time Qing get up satisfied. 

They spent an hour watching a food documentary on the sofa. 

Qin Yunsheng is not really interested in this. His attention is focused on Shi Qing. 

In fact, Shi Qing is not interested in this, and his attention is on how to tease Qin Yunsheng. 

As a result, the food piece put, two people are tired of crooked. 

When Shi Qing sat up, the officer's ears were still red. He pursed his lips and bowed his head to straighten the clothes that had been folded because they were too close. 

The little Marquis raised his eyebrows. Obviously, after the soldiers arrived, he resumed his former behavior. His normal speech was like teasing: 

"did you change your clothes today? Have you only been wearing the clothes you changed for a day 

Qin Yunsheng's face was still red. He tried to sit up and look at his little Marquis with a smile in front of him. His throat knot rolled up and down, calming his mood. 

He was quiet, but his voice was still hoarse and slightly low, as if he had just carried out some exercise that needed exertion. He was very low and heavy and very magnetic: 

"the dress was a little wrinkled yesterday, so I changed it." 

"Yes." 

When Qing's lips were slightly hooked, he deliberately reclined on the sofa. In this way, he looked much shorter than Qin Yunsheng. 

The little Marquis held out his fingers. His hands were tender, delicate, soft and smooth, which was in sharp contrast to Qin Yunsheng's hand, which was full of cocoons because of the wind and sun. 

Of course, he knew this, otherwise he would not be very careful to put his hand into the palm of a man's palm every time. He had to watch him carefully even if he didn't dare to hurt himself. 

But this time, Shiqing's hand didn't squeeze into the man's palm. 

as like as two peas in the same clothes as he did yesterday, he fingered the edges of his clothes, buttons and buttons, and the little stars on every Chinese's clothes. 

But it doesn't look like a uniform. 

When he moved, the officer did not move, but let Shi Qing feel on his clothes. 

Qin Yunsheng did not ask why he was so interested in his new clothes. The Marquis, who had been touching buttons for a long time, was not happy. 

He let go of his hand, his face was unhappy. 

"Why are you like a piece of wood? I've been watching it for a long time, and you don't ask me what I'm looking at." 

The officer blinked nervously and asked in a low voice, "what are you looking at?" 

His cooperation made the little Marquis happy again. 

"Of course I look at your clothes. They are so handsome. I also have Marquis dresses. You must look good in them." 

I was flattered. 

The corner of Qin Yunsheng's mouth couldn't help but curl up. 

"It's not a military uniform. It's my private dress. I've got someone to make it," he explained 

"Which tailor did you invite? I'll introduce it to me next time." 

Without waiting for the officer's permission, Shiqing cocked up the corner of his right lip and raised his eyebrows slightly. He looked at his lover at the end of his eyes: 

"do you want to look clean when you take off today 

Shi Qing: "I thought you looked like a piece of wood and didn't know what to do in love. Now, you still understand." 

Qin Yunsheng 

At the beginning, he didn't understand why he took off his new clothes, and why changing clothes was a matter of love. 

Although he changed his clothes, it was because he had a little lover. He wanted to make himself clean and tidy in front of the little lover forever. 

But when the officer on the little Marquis's teasing eyes, suddenly want to understand. 

His face flushed. 

The officer stammered, "what do you mean?" 

"It's what every couple will do." 

He added: "this is the necessary process of love. If you haven't been in love, I don't blame you for not understanding." 

Qin Yunsheng No, he does. 

Just thinking about the scene, he felt his face was too hot. 

Although, since two people become lovers, this process is definitely necessary. 

But Qin Yunsheng didn't pay much attention to this aspect since he was a child. His first reaction was, what should he do if he messed up. 

Subconsciously, he wanted to procrastinate. 

The officer faltered: "is it a little bit Too fast? " 

"Do you have any?" 

The little Marquis's face was not red, and his heart did not jump. He saw that he had seen big waves: "where is it fast? I don't think it's fast." 

Qin Yunsheng suddenly. 

Yes, Shi Qing may have liked him for a long time. 

Of the two, he was the only one who felt that they had only been in love for a day.Naturally, Shiqing didn't feel fast. 

Think like this, before the sweet and guilty will come up again, the officer seems to have done something wrong like low head. 

"If you want It doesn't matter to me. " 

It was a little too embarrassing for him to say such a thing. As soon as he finished, the red color on the tip of his ear which had not faded away was deepened. 

Shi Qing: "if you have a relationship, we don't want to fall in love." 

Qin Yunsheng looked up quickly, a little nervous, even with a little stuttering, immediately said: "it doesn't matter, I don't matter." 

He gritted his teeth: "I can do it whenever you want." 

The little Marquis nodded with satisfaction and stood up: "now, then." 

"Now?" 

Qin Yunsheng looked at the rest room with a blank expression and even a little pathetic. 

The officer's shame was about to explode. 

"This is the lounge, isn't it Not so good? " 

Shiqing is already unbuttoning. 

Side solution, ruddy lips mutter: "how bad, I think very good." 

"But, but they are all outside, and the rest room is not locked. Someone will come in at any time." 

Shi Qing: "come in and come in. Why are you so grinding? Hurry up!" 

Qin Yunsheng: 

His persistence and integrity really do not allow him to do such a thing. 

Especially in lounges where people are likely to come in at any time. 

Absolutely not! 

Even if it is Shiqing's insistence, it can't! 

The little Marquis threw his coat on the sofa, and his beautiful face was full of discontent and looked at him: 

"what are you doing? Why don't you promise me such a small matter? Are you really my boyfriend?" 

"If lovers don't do such things, it's still called lovers." 

Qin Yunsheng: 

But generally, no couple will do this in the lounge where there is someone at any time 

The officer bit his teeth, got up firmly and strode to the door. 

Then he pulled up the next table and blocked the door. 

He was nervous and resolute, his face red, his back to Shi Qing, standing on the edge of the sofa, shaking his hands and undoing his buttons. 

The handsome and slim coat was taken off. 

Qin Yunsheng carefully put it on the sofa and continued to plan to untie his tie. 

Then he heard the little Marquis's soft voice behind him, asking, "what are you doing?" 

The officer stopped and stood upright, still with his back to him. 

"I, I undress." 

Shi Qing's tone was puzzled, "what are you doing with your clothes off? Just a coat. " 

Qin Yunsheng: 

Don't understand the coat?! 

Isn't that good. 

Then came the arrogant urging voice of the little Marquis: 

"Why are you always in a daze, but hurry up." 

The officer closed his eyes in shame. 

He gritted his teeth and put his hand on his belt. 

A hand patted him on the shoulder behind him, which made Qin Yunsheng's body shake. 

Shi Qing was obviously very happy. 

As soon as he was happy, his voice softened, soft and waxy: 

"Qin Yunsheng, turn your head and look at me." 

Qin Yunsheng nervously held his breath and turned his head. 

In front of him, the little Marquis was wearing an officer's coat. For him, a little loose coat was forcibly tightened, revealing his slim waist. 

His hands are trying to fasten the belt to fit the jacket that was not so fit. 

Qin Yunsheng: 

When Shi Qing finished, her beautiful eyebrows and eyes were full of happiness. She left in place and asked her sweetheart with her eyebrows: 

"how do I look in your clothes?" 

He ran to the edge of the sofa again, took up his white coat, and put it on without fastening the buttons. 

"It doesn't look a little big." 

Qin Yunsheng: 

The little Marquis looked at the mirror in the rest room and thought that he could see how he looked at it. Then he turned around with satisfaction. He urged the officer: 

"Why are you so stupefied today? Put on my coat quickly." 

Qin Yunsheng: 

The officer has been completely confused. 

"Coat?" 

"Yes." 

When Qing flushed him a smile, quite proud pinch waist: "fall in love must go through the process, wear each other's clothes." 

"Of course, if men and women are in love, it means that women wear men's shirts or something, but we are both men, so I wear your clothes and you wear my clothes." 

With that said, the little Marquis patted his flat stomach: "I wear your clothes a little big, you wear mine may be a little tight, but it doesn't matter, I always wear loose, you should be able to wear under."Qin Yunsheng: 

The officer felt like he was going to be spoiled. 

He asked his little lover numbly: "but what is the purpose of doing this?" 

The little Marquis actually stretched out his hand and counted one by one with his fingers. 

"First, your clothes are good-looking, and I will be in a good mood when I wear them. Second, if lovers change their clothes, they can increase their intimacy." 

"Three, we wear this way, the whole world knows that we are a pair, you don't have to worry about shiyiyi that old monster adheres to you." 

Qin Yunsheng 

The last one is the point. 

He looked at the little Marquis helplessly. 

The little Marquis raised his chin in a straight and vigorous manner: 

"the reason is for you, wear it quickly!" 

The officer quietly obeyed and put on his coat. 

His figure is much better than that of Shiqing. Even if the coat is loose, it is still a little tight on him. 

But fortunately, it's not very tight. It's just a good figure. 

After changing his coat, Qin Yunsheng was about to move the door of the table. Outside came the sound of pushing the door. 

"Ah?" 

Then there was Tan Mingyi's confused voice. 

He knocked on the door and raised his voice and asked, "who is in it? Why is the door locked? " 

A colleague sitting near the lounge knocked on the door so carelessly that he got up quickly. He walked to tan Mingyi and dragged him back. 

"Ancestor, what are you doing? This is." 

Tan Mingyi looked back at him puzzled: "my mobile phone is pulled inside. Isn't our lounge locked? Why can't the door open? " 

Colleagues quickly whispered: "you don't talk. There are brother Qin and Professor Shi inside. I watched them go in with my own eyes." 

"What happened to brother Qin and Professor Shi?" 

Tan Mingyi just said this sentence, was a slap in the face, colleagues: "Shhh!! Let me tell you, they must be... " 

Qin Yunsheng moved the table away. 

He opened the door and came out, smiling at Tan Mingyi: "you go in and look for your mobile phone." 

Looking at Qin Yunsheng's clothes, Tan Mingyi finally realized what his colleague was saying. 

Thanks to this information age, even if he is young, he knows a lot. 

The young boy's face was red, and he staggered into the room. He was walking out of the room. He was still wearing Qin Yunsheng's clothes. 

Tan Mingyi: 

He blushed even more and stammered an apology: "yes, I'm sorry, Professor Shi, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to disturb you. I'm sorry." 

With that, Tan Mingyi grabbed the mobile phone on the table and ran away. 

The little Marquis looked at his fleeing figure, curled his mouth, and strode out, directly hanging on the officer. 

"What's for lunch?" 

Qin Yunsheng took care of his lover's preference: "how about braised chicken and rice? It's hot. Don't go down. I'll buy it 

Shi Qing: "good." 

One of the colleagues listening to their conversation: -- 

He really didn't expect that brother Qin usually looks very good to the professor. 

How can we let each other eat spicy food at this time. 

It's not good for your health. 

Before, they said that they thought that Professor Shi was not worthy of elder brother Qin. Now it seems that elder brother Qin is not considerate enough. 

Shi Qing was on the scene. He didn't dare to say anything more. He was afraid that he would be considered to instigate other people's relationship. 

When the professor returned to his seat, he carefully walked to Qin Yunsheng. 

"Brother Qin, I don't think it's very good for you to do this." 

Qin Yunsheng 

Continue to whisper: "although the professor is a little strong, but I can see which one of you is stronger in bed. In fact, I don't have any opinion about which one is stronger. It's the matter between you little lovers, but how to say, it's also the professor who is more vulnerable." 

Qin Yunsheng: 

At the same time, he could not help but show a reproachful look: "people are like this, you still let him eat spicy, or heavy spicy, even I know how bad this is for the body, not to mention eating Xiaobai porridge or something, how can you eat something light? Although you are not poor, but a man, if not considerate, is not good 

Qin Yunsheng: What are you talking about? " 

My colleague's face is full of resentment: "don't pretend at this time. Brother Qin, you just listen to me. Men's body structure must be different from that of girls. You should be more or less considerate. Otherwise, when the professor has such a bad temper, what should I do if I dislike you?" 

The officer finally understood. 

After understanding, his face flushed again.Qin Yunsheng looks a little weak at Shi Qinghui, but he has been holding the court to outsiders. Even if he blushes, he still looks serious. 

He frowned and said, "you misunderstood me." 

"Oh, no need to explain. Isn't it in the lounge? Don't worry. I won't tell anyone else. " 

Qin Yunsheng: "it's really a misunderstanding." 

Colleagues laugh: "come on, you don't have to pretend to be with me. You stayed in it for an hour without that? Brother Qin, you can't do it. " 

"Then we all saw that you and Professor Shi stayed in the room for more than an hour. Just now Xiaotan was going to go in and you were blocking the door. When you came out, you even changed your clothes. If you didn't do anything, you would be doubted." 

"All right, I've talked about this. Don't pretend to buy some millet porridge for Professor Shi. Don't make people tired any more." 

Qin Yunsheng: 

When it was time to eat, Shiqing was beating on the computer while drinking yogurt. 

The door opened and the officer came back with his meal. 

Seeing that the little Marquis was busy and did not look at himself, he used to come forward and put out the food in the bag. 

A bowl of stewed chicken rice. 

A bowl of millet porridge. 

And a small dish of pickles. 

When Qing smelled the fragrance, she got up from the keyboard and turned to prepare to eat. 

"At noon, what do you buy millet porridge for?" 

Listening to the little Marquis's words, Qin Yunsheng quietly put millet porridge and pickles on his side. 

There are only three pickles in total. 

But they were big enough for him to eat rice porridge with pickles. 

When they were ready, the officer, who had to eat at least two bowls of rice for a meal, said softly: 

"I suddenly want to eat millet porridge." 

"Really?" he said with a smile 

Qin Yunsheng looked down at the congee on the table in silence 

Shi Qing: [Tut, man's dignity. ] 

seeing that the officer wanted to stretch out his chopsticks for pickles, he reached out with a quick eye and a total of three pickles, and he picked up two of them in one breath. 

Under Qin Yunsheng's dazed sight, the little Marquis put two pickles in his bowl. 

And then, with a strong sense of reason, he announced, "I like pickles, too. These two belong to me." 

The officer looked at him as if he had robbed some treasure, and his eyes softened. 

He was also very happy. He lifted his lips, stretched out his chopsticks, and put the last pickle into the Shiqing bowl: 

"you like this one, and I'll give it to you." 

The little Marquis snorted, "am I the kind of man who takes advantage of others?" 

When he finished, he picked up the pickle in the bowl, took a bite, and laughed at the officer as if it was blooming: 

"yes, I am!" 

With that, he pushed his stewed chicken rice to the middle of the table: "come, eat with me." 

Qin Yunsheng raised his mouth higher. 

He took a sweet look at the time, clear, sandwiched a piece of potato, buried himself in eating. 

Ding! Qin Yunsheng's repulsion degree: 50 out of 100] 

Qin Yunsheng is a mature protagonist. 

When he grows up, Shiqing doesn't have to do anything, so he can consciously reduce the degree of exclusion. 

If Shiqing did something, he would fall faster. 

And his task was to protect the time, so naturally, officers can be justified 24 hours around the little marquis. 

In fact, Qin Yunsheng didn't feel that he had done more. 

However, in the eyes of others: 

Where is he taking care of his lover, he is simply taking care of a baby who can't take care of himself. 

Although it is said that lovers love each other very well, it is really strange. 

The young man with the best relationship with Qin Yunsheng was sent out to persuade him. 

It's not to say that he is not allowed to keep up with Professor Shi. 

But if it goes on like this, the professor will be abandoned. 

When Qin Yunsheng's task is over, what should the professor do if he is used to being taken care of. 

Listening to the other party's gentle persuasion, Qin Yunsheng said he didn't understand why they thought they had done more. 

He didn't do much, and he did it happily. 

Young man: "not much Is it? " 

Qin Yunsheng: "not much." 

He just gently wakes up the little Marquis every morning, receives water and hands the toothbrush cup to his hand. When the other party finishes brushing his teeth, he takes a towel and moistens it carefully to wipe his face. 

After washing, the officer put on his clothes, socks and shoes for the little Marquis, who was vaguely leaning on his shoulder to sleep, and finally led him to work. 

I can't help it. Who can make Shi qingsleepy.In the morning, the little Marquis was studying things Qin Yunsheng couldn't understand. 80% of his time was on the computer. 

This research should be more important. He can hardly move all morning, lean on his chair and open his mouth. 

At this time, the officers would stand by and feed chips, fruits, biscuits and juice. 

Although it is a snack, but also to eat a balanced line. 

Don't you know when you feed him? 

From time to time, he raised his hand to pinch his aching shoulder for the little marquis. 

It should be. After all, he studies these things for the sake of the country. A person who works hard for the country is so tired. What's wrong with pinching his shoulder. 

At noon, Shi Qing was tired all day. How could he go down to buy rice? Of course, he went down to buy. 

The working time in the afternoon is the same as dinner. 

After listening to Qin Yunsheng's logic, the young man said: 

He thought that he thought love was just a kind of dopamine secretion, which was really wrong. 

It turns out that love can really blind people's eyes. 

Qin Yunsheng, who once said to him in a cold voice that he was here to protect people, not to be a nanny, has become like this! 

Mom! 

Love is really terrible! 

He'd better be alone. 

But looking at the Qin Yunsheng in front of him, who was immersed in "actually I didn't do anything" and "all these should be". 

He finally wanted to save it. 

"Brother Qin, when you say Professor Shi sleeps, I understand that Professor Shi is making contributions to the country by sitting there eating snacks and dozing off every day. This is..." 

The officer's face was serious: "I want to correct you, is too tired to work, eat snacks, rest, work too busy, take time to catch up on sleep." 

Young man: "you know OK, OK. " 

"How about this contribution to our country..." 

Qin Yunsheng: "still doing, contribution will come out immediately." 

Young man:.... " 

Forget it. He's blind. 

It can't be saved. It can't be saved. 

He gave up rescuing Qin Yunsheng. His face was changed and he entered the office in a trance. 

As soon as I went in, I saw that almost all the people in the office were surrounded by Shiqing. 

forenoon with him when he was tucking up, he went to work to eat chips and make complaints about his food. His arrogant colleagues were all excited: 

, Professor! Your R & D is so great! " 

"How much dedication has been made for our country!"





 The saddest thing in the world is not that your partner's front foot still blames someone with you, while the back foot is blowing other people's Rainbow fart. 

But even if he saw you coming, he would not miss it. 

What's more, it's even louder. 

Just listen, a group of people in the office are blowing rainbow farts. 

"Professor Shi, this idea has existed for a long time, but no one can do it. No, it should be said that no one can make it have the ideal effect. It's really amazing that you have made it!" 

"Yes, Professor Shi, I tell you, actually, I have been dreaming of this technology in our country since primary school. When I grew up, I thought that I would not see it before I was 60 years old. I didn't expect that you actually made it!" 

Standing beside Qin Yunsheng, the young man only felt sad to see it. 

Although the people in their office are generally younger, they are not like the big men next door. They have a little bit of research results on their hands. 

But you can't just blow it like that. 

If Shi Qing really made something, it might be a good thing, but it didn't come to the point where they blew it. 

This flattery is too blatant. 

Before, they all yelled, "what if it's a marquis? What about a Duke father? Now it's not a feudal society, not to mention the aristocracy. Even the royal family can't control us. "Is the backbone eaten by the dog! 

I was still conscious of my colleagues before. Did your brain be infected by brother Qin? 

Just thinking, he was stunned. No, brother Qin didn't advocate like these people. 

He suddenly felt a shock of spirit, as if he had found a bosom friend. He went to see the officer on the side. He had a kind of sympathy that "everyone is drunk and we wake up alone". 

Then he saw that Qin Yunsheng was still standing upright and his military posture was impeccable. However, his eyes were already glued to Shi Qing, who was surrounded by a group of people and blowing rainbow farts. 

He raised his lips slightly, strode forward, and stood beside the young marquis in a natural manner, with a deep and gentle voice, as if he had known for a long time; 

"have you succeeded in your busy work these days?" 

"It worked." 

Just now, even if surrounded by a group of people, he was still indifferent. When he sat there listening to their boasting, Qing moved his body and leaned skillfully in the man's arms. 

The height difference between the two was not far. The young Marquis did not seem to be a bird's-eye when he leaned up like this. However, the kind of oily and intimate feeling on them could be seen by anyone. 

For a while, the people who were just crazy preaching lowered their tone unconsciously, as if they were afraid that their loud talk would disturb the couple. 

Qin Yunsheng didn't pay attention to them. 

Since entering the door, the officer's eyes can only put down Shiqing. 

He just laughed and straightened himself up and relaxed his muscles slowly so that the young Marquis could lean on his body more comfortably. 

The young man who has no idea what happened is looking forward to coming back from the outside with him. Qin Yunsheng, who doesn't know what happened, can ask what happened. 

However, Qin Yunsheng did not ask any questions, but his eyes were soft. He stood firmly in his place with his body as his back. 

Young man:.... " 

There's no way. Go ahead. 

Before he went on, he was a little embarrassed and a little cautious. Instead of asking Shi Qing, he chose to ask his colleagues. 

"What's the matter? You're so happy today." 

Colleagues are very excited: "Professor Shi developed artificial nerve." 

"What?!!" 

The young man's voice was breaking. 

"Artificial nerve?!!" 

"True or false?!" 

Just walked to the door when Yi Yi came in to hear this sentence, immediately is a Leng. 

Although she came for the sake of "invisible Prince", she was also seriously tested. Of course, she knew what the four words "artificial nerve" represented. 

Shi Yiyi didn't have time to think about it, so she came in, "what artificial nerve? Is anyone doing research on this? " 

Artificial nerve is definitely a difficult problem that many people want to develop at present. After all, its role is too great. If it can be developed, it will definitely be a great good thing for the whole country and the people. 

Shi Yiyi wants to marry the "invisible Prince". She needs money. Therefore, she has always been very active in various researches. In any case, as long as it is good for reputation, she will join in with a thick face, just to make herself look more qualified. 

If other studies look like fat in Shi's eyes, the artificial nerve is like a pig farm. 

She must be involved in such a good project.Shi Yiyi is full of ambition. 

Qin Yunsheng never takes his eyes off his little lover. 

Then he found that he had been lazy leaning on his body when Qing saw when Yiyi came in, and his waist immediately straightened up. 

As soon as I heard Yiyi with a little excitement, the young Marquis's face was excited at the speed visible to the naked eye, and his eyebrows were full of desire to try. 

Just now, no matter how flattered others are, I don't want to say a word. Now I take the initiative to stand up and lift my chin slightly. The white and beautiful face is almost full of "I'm very proud". 

His voice is also slightly raised, it just sounds arrogant and arrogant: "of course, I developed artificial nerve." 

Shi Yiyi said Are you 

It's not that she doesn't believe in Shiqing Well, she really doesn't believe in Shiqing. 

Shiqing has always been focused on eating, drinking and playing. In the office, she always looks like an old man watching the computer screen. She even asks others to buy rice. 

In this way, he can develop artificial nerve??? 

You're kidding. It's more convincing to say that the sun is coming out in the West. 

However, the young Marquis did not mind his cousin's attitude, but snorted with pride and contempt: 

"if you don't admit my talent, you are jealous of me." 

Shi Yiyi was infuriated by Shi Qing's contemptuous look. 

Why did Shi Qing despise her? 

Because he was the Duke's son, he was born with a title and a lot of property. 

On the contrary, it was her. Clearly she was related to the Duke. She was also brought up in the Duke's house. Isn't she better than Shiqing? Why should the Duke give everything to Shi Qing. 

"I envy you?? Are you talented?? You still have talent?? There are so many people standing in our office. Ask them if they think you are talented! " 

Shi Yiyi is very confident. 

She hugged her arms and even stood back with a little pride, waiting for Shiqing to be humiliated by silence in a room. 

She knew that even if Shi Qing had developed a chip for UAVs before then, with his style in the office these days, a lot of people would be upset. Before 

, she heard the young man make complaints about the noise. 

The whole office is definitely on the United Front with her! 

However - 

a colleague standing closest to Shi Qing looked at Shi Yiyi hesitantly: "Yi Yi, don't say that, Professor Shi is actually very capable." 

It is easier for the rest of us to open our mouth. 

"Yes, Yiyi, Professor Shi is very talented. You don't know how powerful the artificial nerve he developed is, which many predecessors can't do." 

"Really, Professor Shi is a genius. He actually made it. I still feel like I'm dreaming. My whole body is light and floating, which is very illusory, eh? I'm not really dreaming right now Oh! What are you pinching me for? " 

He pinched his colleague and quietly took back his hand: "I can help you see if you are dreaming." 

Looking at a group of people who flatter Shiqing in front of him, Shi Yiyi said: 

Now she thinks she's dreaming. 

These people are to let a person change the head or changed the mouth, how to do a reverse to say?? 

She was already very irascible, but at this time, Shiqing was very proud to pick his eyebrows, beautiful enough to make people want to shave her face, even with a smile. 

"Cousin, as you can see, they all think I am talented and like me very much." 

The young Marquis said, and added: "but it should be. After all, I'm good-looking, talented and good-looking than my cousin. It's not a little bit better than my cousin. They should like me. They like me so much when they see my boyfriend." 

With that, he tilted his head and rubbed the officer's strong chest muscles with his face. 

A villain proud of the coquettish look. 

Shi Yiyi: "what's more..." 

She felt that her angry nose prosthesis was about to fall out. 

This cousin, was not she deliberately tossed about several times before! Why is it the same as evolution this time! 

She clenched her teeth. Anyway, she tore her face last time. She didn't have to worry about tearing it again this time. She looked around and said coldly: 

"do you really think Shiqing is what you said? Can you forget that you are working hard and he is playing computer and eating snacks 

How can we forget that. 

But don't forget, it doesn't mean you still remember hate. 

Colleague 1: "Yi Yi, please calm down. Professor Shi is not playing with computers. He is deducing data. He is doing research and development with the help of computers." 

Colleague 2: "even if he is playing with computers, he can play with artificial nerves that we can't do in our lifetime. What is that not a talented genius?"Colleague 3: "there is nothing more about eating snacks. There is no rule in the office that it is not allowed to eat snacks in it. When the professor is engaged in research, he has to eat more to replenish his brain and nourish his spirit." 

After that, several people also have a consensus to see each other. In their eyes, there is a kind of pleasure of "Heroes think alike". 

For them, you can be arrogant, you can fish, you can not work hard. 

The salted fish who have made no achievements in the above actions will be despised. 

However, the big men who have made the above actions can hardly hope to hold them in the palm of their hands and offer them devoutly. 

you have the skills, you has the final say. 

Shi Yiyi: "what's more..." 

She didn't believe it. There was no one here who understood! 

Thinking of the young man who had been bumped into by her to speak ill of, when Yi Yi's eyes immediately turned to the past. 

But I saw the boy who was still secretly beeping "brother Qin is also half my idol. How can I get on with Professor Shi?" he was looking at Shiqing's computer with a dreamy face. 

"Brother Qin! You have such a good eye, madam 

Shi Yiyi: "what's more..." 

When she looked at Qin Yunsheng again, the officers had never been involved in the research. At the moment, she was quietly and quietly drooping her eyes, gazing at the young Marquis with tenderness in her eyes. 

Shi Yiyi thinks, either, she is crazy. 

Or, the whole world is crazy!! 

With a sneer, she retreated and slammed the door out: 

"you just wait. Sooner or later, everyone will find out the truth!" 

Shi Yiyi's arrival and departure did not cause much trouble. 

Because people are busy with rainbow farts. 

"Professor Shi, if you announce that you have successfully made artificial nerve, you will surely win the prize." 

"Yes, and it will be a national concern." 

"Professor Shi, may I have a look at the experimental body? I really want to see it. Please, Professor Shi. " 

When Qing Dynasty, all the stars are in favor of the moon, but they are not as proud as they are in the face of Shi Yiyi. Instead, they look lazy. 

He asked, "if I announce this, will a reporter come to cover it?" 

"More than that!" 

At once, someone answered positively: "maybe the Royal TV will come for the good of the country and the people." 

When Qing's expression was thoughtful, he turned his head and asked his boyfriend behind him: "really?" 

Qin Yunsheng has protected a lot of people. He nodded his head immediately when he saw the beautiful eyes of his little sweetheart, and affirmed: "yes." 

Even if he doesn't, he can't become a veteran if he owes others love. 

Shi Qing's eyes brightened after getting the affirmative answer. 

He rarely turns around a little happily, hands on the keyboard to knock. 

Others don't know what he's doing. They are curious and think it's impolite. 

Until not for a while, when Qing stopped action, with the mouse click a few times. 

Then, the sound of the printer working. 

Soon a stack of paper was printed. 

People craned their necks to see what was written on it. 

R & D idea? 

R & D process? 

R & D results? 

Then, the young Marquis picked up a pile of paper and distributed it page by page to everyone except Qin Yunsheng. 

The corners of his mouth were cocked up, and he was at least eight times more kind than usual. His voice was completely soft and he said: 

"let's divide the points. When the interviewers arrive, you can follow this one." 

So people: ah?? 

They looked down at the paper in their hands. 

It was written in black and white, with clear lines: 

Professor Shi Qing is kind and good-natured. He works hard and works hard. As soon as he works, he forgets to eat and sleep. Even during his break time, he keeps reading books. We all admire him in our hearts. 

He is respectful to his work, friendly to his colleagues and considerate to his lover. However, he has extremely strict requirements on himself. He has always been dedicated to public service, strict with himself, set an example, praise others, and even become shy. He has a warm and modest heart. 

PS: if asked by the media, what's Professor Shi's favorite sentence 

- prosperous, strong, democratic, civilized, harmonious, free and equal





 Everyone in the office was shocked. 

They looked at the paper, and then looked at Shi Qing, whose face was full of integrity. They only felt that the whole person had been sublimated. 

Oh, my God! 

There are such shameless people in the world! 

How on earth is he so justifiable and natural that he boasted a lot of his own, but also asked others to praise with him?? 

On the contrary, the young Marquis did not seem to find anything wrong with their faces, and he cocked his mouth with pride. 

Very friendly to ask them: 

"do you think there is a problem with the content written above 

Others: "er..." 

Shi Qing: "if it's OK, let's take a look at the experimental body. I've kept the data these days. You can also have a look at it." 

Other people in the office straightened up in an instant, and their faces were full of integrity: 

"no problem! How can there be a problem? " 

"Yes, there is no problem at all. Professor Shi's writing is too realistic, too real and close to life. You can rest assured that if there is a media interview, I will tell you the truth then!" 

"I think there is still a little problem, that is, what you say is too ordinary. How can the words on this paper show? Professor Shi, I think I can play by myself in addition to the above contents when I am interviewed 

Although my mother taught them to be honest. 

But occasionally, white lies can also be used. 

From the beginning to the end, Qin Yunsheng was quietly and gently watching the proud young marquis. 

Only when Shi Qingmai opened his feet, the officer who had been holding a motionless posture seemed to have been released from the cave and followed the young lover in a protective posture. 

The news that Shiqing actually developed artificial nerve shocked the whole Academy of science and technology. 

We almost all lined up to watch, young and old, with qualifications and without qualifications. 

An old man with white hair is old, because he is too old, his hands will tremble slightly when he is excited. 

In fact, he is no longer involved in scientific research, and he has reached the age of retirement, but he still wants to come back and have a look at it from time to time. 

He made a lot of contributions to the country to go abroad, and no one would stop him. Occasionally, the old man had the energy, and he would guide his back without any privacy. 

The old man's eyes were slightly red with excitement when he looked at the animal experimental body with artificial nerve and prosthetic limb installed inside after the injury was almost good and moved as usual. 

"Good! Good 

"Only with this technology, people with disabilities can have normal bodies!" 

The man who helped him by the side quickly helped the old man who was unstable because of his excitement: "old man, be careful. Sit down and have a rest first." 

"No, no, I'll see." 

However, the old man insisted on staying, watching the experimental body with a broken forelimb and a prosthetic forelimb installed in the vessel after running forward and running. The prosthetic forelimb, which had not yet had time to transplant hair, swayed with the other three legs, walked and jumped together, and could not see any difference from the real leg. 

The more he looked, the more happy he was. Leaning on crutches, he showed a toothless smile at the people who supported him: "that's good. At the beginning, in order to protect the country, how many people became disabled. Although there were subsidies, they were not as good as normal people." 

"Now, now..." 

When the old man is old, he likes to talk repeatedly, and the people who take care of him listen patiently. 

Old man: "this must be reported immediately and told to the state immediately." 

This person: "yes, that's right." 

Old man: "have you done the experiment of restoring hearing? Artificial nerves can restore hearing, and this experiment can also be done 

Yes, I'll pass it on to them later 

The old man, who had been talking for a long time, stopped slowly. 

He narrowed his eyes and thought for a moment: 

"the man who developed the artificial nerve was called Shiqing, right? That's a good name. " 

The smile on this face froze a little. 

Old body bone is getting worse and worse. Although he often comes to hang around from time to time, when he gets older, he will only communicate with people he knows well each time. 

Like those young people who are still a bit impetuous, he is not very close to. 

Therefore, he naturally did not know the reputation of Professor Shi Qingshi in the Academy of science and technology. 

But old age doesn't know, he knows! 

In the face of a smile, eyes full of appreciation of the younger generation of the old. 

He bit his teeth: 

"yes Yes I'm a good, good kid... " Right? 

He felt that his white lie would not last long.After all, since old age appreciates this younger generation so much, when he begins to pay attention to Shi Qing, he will naturally know what Shi Qing is like. 

The next day, when he went to pick up the old man as usual, he saw the old man sitting happily on the sofa with his granddaughter's mobile phone with a pink love coat. 

Looking at it, the old man heard the movement and raised his head. Seeing that he was coming, he quickly waved to him with a smile. 

"Come on, come on, look, when it's time for the news, I'll say he's a good boy." 

"He is really a good boy. People praise him when he looks at the name and appearance of the child. He can tell that he is from a little boy to a big one." 

He was stunned and rushed forward. 

On the screen of the mobile phone, a host is talking to the camera with a microphone. 

"He is only in his twenties this year." 

"He was born into a noble family, and he was born a marquis, but for the sake of his country, he resolutely devoted himself to scientific research." 

"He is the professor who developed the artificial nerve." 

"This name may be strange to you, but many people should know [artificial nerve] . With it, the amputated limb can move as freely as a real limb, without remote control or button. It means that countless people who are physically injured and disabled for various reasons can do so Return to normal human form. " 

The expression on this face is gradually in a trance. 

Although I know that the second part is true, but the upper part is not a bit of bullshit 

The video continues: 

"as for Professor Shi's conduct, his colleagues have given the most sincere judgment. Let's take a look at the words with the highest coincidence rate." 

"Good temper, kind-hearted, good-natured, very serious and hard-working. There has never been a second-generation frame on the body. Besides the talent, there is also one of the most important reasons for the development of artificial nerves, which is diligence." 

He said: 

Is that really when he knew Qing? 

Isn't it really the same name? 

Then, he saw some people flashing on the screen and said these words with a smile to show the authenticity. 

It's all skilled. 

The mouth shape is right. 

The video is also very smooth, without any traces of being edited. 

Make sure these are all, his face is in a trance. 

I want to shake them by the neck. 

Say it! 

Why can you sell your soul! 

What benefits did Shi Qing give you!!





 No matter how distraught and suspicious those who knew Shi halal's face, Shi Qing's name quickly spread across the country. 

Maybe for some people who don't pay much attention to artificial nerve, it will be a little unclear to hear this word for the first time. 

But when we get to know it, it turns into yearning and deep admiration. 

Artificial nerve, artificial nerve, as the name suggests, is of course artificial nerve. 

So what's the use of it. 

To put it simply, for example, when people control their limbs, they are led by the motor nerves in the brain of the "supreme officer". 

The "supreme officer" gives instructions, and the limbs move again. 

When a person loses his limbs due to some kind of accident and then installs a prosthetic limb, he can only put on a shelf, which can be controlled by remote control or buttons, but it is impossible to control the limbs by the brain like a real limb. 

Artificial nerves can reverse this impossibility. 

It allows people who have lost their body organs to feel what the prosthesis feels, and it can also be manipulated directly through the brain. 

With a needle, the injured can feel the pain. 

Put it in the hot water, and the injured person can feel his prosthesis being put into the hot water. 

That's to get the lost touch back. 

In other words, with artificial nerves, people with disabilities can become normal people. 

People who have lost their legs and can only sit in wheelchairs for life can walk down. Those who lose their arms and do things inconveniently can continue to be like normal people. Even other things, including hearing, can be reconstructed through artificial nerves. 

Whether it is for the scientific research community or for the medical community, this research and development can absolutely shake the whole country. 

According to the regulations of China, if the products developed by you in the Academy of science and technology are not used in military affairs, or they can save people's lives. 

In the first two decades, developers could set their own prices and make profits. After 20 years, the state could take over. 

As long as Shi Qing thinks, this research is enough to make him earn enough money to spend his whole life. 

However, Shi Qing didn't think about making money at all. 

He directly said that after perfecting the artificial nerve, he would dedicate the technology to the country. 

Dedicated! 

Country! 

What a great dedication! 

Some people have proposed this technology before, and others have done it. However, the technology is still not perfect. In addition, it is too expensive to make one, which has not been able to make a lot of drifts. 

But Shiqing not only made it, but also made it not so expensive. 

Not only is the cost not expensive, he also directly expressed that he would give it to the country. 

For a while, Professor Shi said publicly that he needed some injured people who had lost limbs or artificial nerves such as hearing to help improve the artificial system, give bugs or suggestions for improvement, and thank the participants that they could get a customized recovery package after the end. 

On the day of registration, the registration website was directly due to the explosion of multiple cards. 

While Professor Shi Qingshi is still sitting in his position, enjoying his boyfriend's fruit feeding service. 

Since the artificial nerve was announced to have been developed, it was only necessary to wait until the experiments were carried out in different places on different people, when the professor gave up and went back to the previous fishing state. 

Get up lazy in the morning, get off work lazy at noon, take a nap, and come back to the office to play games in the afternoon. 

This state is consistent with his previous life in the Academy of science and technology. 

It's no different. The only difference is. 

In the past, when Shiqing did this, colleagues in the office would beep quietly behind their backs. Sure enough, they came in through the back door, so salted fish was still willing to enter the science and Technology Institute. 

Now Shiqing does this, colleagues in the office: you are the boss, you can do what you like! 

Is this lazy! 

No! 

It's independent! 

Genius is different from ordinary people. 

Tan Mingyi, who is also a genius but loves his work, sneaks up to him and asks carefully: 

"Professor Shi, are you really going to dedicate this technology to our country 

"This is an artificial nerve that can make a sensation all over the world. Even if you don't earn 20 years, many people will buy it in a year." 

The young Marquis was sitting comfortably on his chair, looking like a waiting landlord, and his voice was lazy: 

"am I the kind of person who is short of money? My father's working capital alone is enough for me to be carefree all my life, let alone that he has so many industries. " 

Yeah. 

Tan Mingyi only then reacts to come over, when Qing Dynasty originally is the country's richest second generation. 

Even if this technology can make people earn a lot of money, for Shiqing, it was just a lot of money multiplied by 10 billion, and then it became very rich multiplied by 11 billion.I can't spend all of them anyway. 

Tan Mingyi himself is an infatuated research, and has no meaning to explore the wealth of Shiqing. After knowing what Shiqing thought, he went back to his seat to do things. 

It was when she heard them talking. 

A tooth is going to be broken. 

Shiqing, this ignorant fool! 

How much money can this technology make! Even if he didn't know the goods, he wouldn't give it to the Duke! 

So much money! 

White, shiny, the result is so open to watch them fly away. 

Of course, shiyiyi doesn't know that Shiqing's money is his money, which has nothing to do with himself. 

But her heart has always been thinking about the Duke's property. Since she was a child, she always wanted to come to the Duke's house. Shi Yiyi had already regarded the Duke's property as her own. 

The money of Shiqing is not the money of Shijia! 

The money of Shi family is her money! 

So much money! 

If you give it to her 

Shi Yiyi has been in heartache since she got the news. The only thing that makes her feel better is that she may be reprimanded by the Duke. 

After all, he did not even discuss with the Duke about such a large amount of wealth, so he directly gave it to the country. 

The Duke has been investing in all kinds of things since he was young. It is impossible to say that he does not love money. 

Now, I can't be angry to see my son throw such a large sum of money out? 

Thinking that Shi Qing may be because of this, the relationship between father and son once again drops to the freezing point, and Shi Yiyi feels a little comfort in her heart. 

And 

She looked at the officer who was gently peeling oranges for the young Marquis, and her eyes flashed with pride. 

It is also time for the Duke to know about the son and the man. 

When Qing bit the potato chips, click to finish eating, to one side of her boyfriend way: "you see when Yiyi that look, she is holding bad." 

Qin Yunsheng glanced at shiyiyi from afar and twisted his eyebrows slightly. 

When he was not with Shi Qing before, he was not interested in the lawsuit between his cousin and his brother, and he was too lazy to intervene. 

But now 

The officer's voice was deep. He asked in a warm voice, "do you want me to find a way to transfer her to another hospital?" 

Because she has conflicts with Shiqing and destroys each other's future, Qin Yunsheng certainly can't do it, but he can separate shiyiyi from Shiqing, so that she can't contact him again. 

"How about that?" 

The young Marquis said no, his beautiful eyes were bright like stars, and his smiling face was malicious, but Qin Yunsheng could see how lovely he was. 

The officer's ear tip was a little red because he remembered the last time Shiqing pressed him against the wall of the tea room and forced him to take the initiative. 

When I was a little girl, Yi Du liked to steal her chicken, didn't I? I'm going to keep her here and see how good I am. " 

"Good." 

At the moment, Qin Yunsheng seems to be fascinated by beauty. 

He reached out his hand and gently massaged the side of the young professor's neck: "as long as you feel good." 

Of course, Professor Shi felt better. 

In his words, he and Shi Yiyi went from a small fight to a big one. As soon as Shi Yiyi opened his mouth, he knew what the woman was going to say. 

Shi Qing: "I bet that Shi Yiyi will go to tell her father that I have talked about a boyfriend." 

The smile on the officer's face, who had been smiling, was a little stiff. 

He's a little nervous. 

He was born into a royal family. Although his parents were gone, he was very clear about some rules of the royal family that were not put on the surface. 

To be exact, it's a collateral rule. 

For example, what kind of women are vassals? It's bad reputation to be with men. 

Of course, only the old people can insist on it now. Young people are seldom corrupted by this kind of thought. 

After all, the queen is still sitting on the throne. 

The queen will be the first to call a woman a vassal. 

Qin Yunsheng doesn't care what others think, but what about Shi Qing? 

Even if the relationship is not good, it is his father. 

His hand stopped for thinking and was pulled off his shoulder by the young marquis. 

Shi Qing is like playing with something funny. She is very interested in the thin cocoon on the palm of a man's palm: 

"only she can handle this kind of thing. As long as my father doesn't commit crimes, he won't say anything about me." 

"In his heart, the first important thing is the country, the second is to protect the queen, and the third is my son. He has no time to break up our wild mandarin."The officer's body relaxed at a speed visible to the naked eye. 

But at the same time, because of the little lover's words, his heart gradually raised wild hope. 

So, after lunch, Qin Yunsheng coaxed the little marquis to take a nap, then quietly got up from the bed, carefully covered the quilt for him, and left the room without making a sound. 

Colleagues who came back from the dining hall passed by the courtyard and saw the officers running around in a serious way. 

In broad daylight, how can I still run in circles. 

The curious asked. 

Qin Yunsheng replied quickly: 

"Shiqing is good-natured and talented. He is so diligent. As his boyfriend, I have to work harder to be worthy of such an excellent man." 

A group of people:.... " 

Talented, they agree. 

But good tempered and diligent 

Since the research and development of Professor Qin Yunsheng's office at noon every day, when he leaves work at 12:00 p.m., he turns his hand in at 10:00 p.m. and calls in the other students' hands at 5:00 p.m??? 

The officer looked at these people in front of him, and his face was full of "you're teasing me". He also roughly guessed what they were thinking. 

He said that he understood. In fact, it was not their fault. 

After all, not everyone can see the essence through the phenomenon. 

But people can evolve. 

Although Shi Qing doesn't care what other people think of him, Qin Yunsheng feels pity every time he sees others misunderstand the little marquis. 

The reason why the little marquis is is indifferent to other people's misunderstanding, and even deliberately put on a look that can make them misunderstood, must be because he was hurt before. 

Although Shi Qing didn't often talk about his childhood, Qin Yunsheng could have guessed something about him, based on Shi Yiyi's attitude towards his cousin, and having been with them for so long, he had never seen his father contact the son. 

The little Marquis lost his mother in his early years, and his father was busy. His cousin was still thinking of him as a stepping stone. 

He must have had a hard life, so he would develop this strange temperament when he grew up. 

The officer made up an image of "grey master" in his mind and sighed heavily. 

Although he can hold Shi Qing in the palm of his hand. 

But such a good Marquis, of course, should be loved by thousands of people. 

Qin Yunsheng decided that it would be up to him to clarify those who misunderstood Shiqing in the future. 

Even if the truth is like that, he has to find a reasonable reason to make Shiqing's image bigger and bigger, so that everyone can know that Shiqing is not what they see. 

Thinking like this, the officer's eyes were on a group of people standing in front of him. 

Start with the people in front of you. 

Qin Yunsheng opened his mouth: "when you misunderstand, he didn't do it just to be lazy." 

Others:.... " 

That's not to be lazy. What else can it be? 

One of them said, "brother Qin, you don't have to explain. In fact, it's nothing. Professor Shi is so good. He is lazy and makes more contributions than us." 

The officer wrung his eyebrows seriously: "you think carefully, Shiqing is doing nothing now, but he is not doing it now. Who is going to improve the artificial nervous system?" 

A group of people: -- We. " 

Qin Yunsheng: "although I don't know some professional knowledge, I also know that only if you participate in the improvement can you sign your name and participate in the development and improvement of artificial nerve. Is this a good thing for you to take and upgrade your qualifications?" 

A group of people: "yes." 

Qin Yunsheng: "if Shiqing doesn't slack off, he really does everything. According to his excellent degree, can he still use you? He can do everything by himself. " 

This is the officer's confidence in the little Marquis's honey. 

But in other people's ears, there is nothing wrong with it. 

Yes, since Professor Shi can develop artificial nerve by himself, he can perfect it by himself. 

No problem! 

Qin Yunsheng saw that their faces were gradually thoughtful, and his eyes sank slightly with satisfaction. He continued to follow the instructions: 

"do you really think Shiqing wants to be lazy? He did this completely to give you the opportunity to participate in the artificial neural project. However, he never talked about his merits. Even if he was good for you, planned for you and helped you, he would not say it. " 

With that, the officer felt that maybe it was really such a thing. 

After all, Shi Qing has that temperament. Although he likes to be praised by others, every time he does something good, he always looks fierce and hides it from others. 

Thinking of this, Qin Yunsheng's eyes softened down.How can there be such a lovely person in the world. 

He did a good deed, but no one would say it. 

Obviously, it is for the sake of people's good, but I have to show a fierce and fierce look. 

It's pathetic and pathetic. 

The officer didn't find out at all that he was trying to deceive others, but as a result, he lied and believed himself. 

He just said in a tone of pity: 

"although he didn't say it and didn't want to be grateful, you can't think he's lazy. If he didn't act like he was lazy, could you join in? Can you leave a name in the history book about artificial nerves? " 

"In such a good time, shouldn't I become more excellent to be worthy of him?" 

The expression on a group of faces gradually changed from "full of confusion" to "thinking deeply" and then to "suddenly realizing", and finally stopped on the "shame". 

Yeah! 

Professor Shi, this is clearly for their good! 

Otherwise, it is obviously the artificial nerve developed by him. Why doesn't he improve it himself but gives it to the people who have never worked hard before. 

Such a big credit, he clearly is a good intention to give others to eat, they eat other people's cake people also misunderstand people are lazy. 

What a shame! 

How ungrateful! 

"Brother Qin, thank you very much. If it wasn't for you, we didn't know that Professor Shi did this for us." 

"Yes, I thought Professor Shi was too lazy. I should apologize to him." 

"Now think about it, Professor Shi was the same before. At that time, he thought he was lazy and not gregarious. In fact, the project we developed together was too simple for Professor Shi. If he also participated in the project, there would be something else for us." 

Some people said, "I had a genius when I was at school. Once I didn't write a single word in the exam. When the teacher asked him why, he said the topic was too simple, and he thought it was a waste of time." 

"Yes, genius is like this. The more talented people are, the less they like to be formal." 

"Professor Shi has not been involved in our research before, because it is too simple for him." 

The more people talked, the more they thought it was. 

The previous laziness and disobedience have become the pity of genius to them. 

Last time, too, he made the chip without a sound. If it wasn't for the black dragon plagiarism incident with Tan Mingyi, maybe now they still think that Shiqing is a waste coming in through the back door. 

But now it seems that the original out of place, it seems to be a powerful back door, now all become a genius to the world's attitude indifferent. 

Qin Yunsheng nodded slightly. 

Yes, that's what Shiqing is like. 

At the beginning, if it was not for his inspiring methods, Shiqing didn't even bother to clarify. 

Before that, Qin Yunsheng thought that Tan Mingyi was a common people and he was a noble. He disdained to deal with civilians and argue with them. 

But now it seems clearly because he is a genius, disdain to deal with ordinary people. 

How can there be such a lovely person in the world. 

He is proud and intelligent. 

And such a lovely person, like him is Qin Yunsheng. 

The officer's eyes were full of tenderness. He just thought in his mind that the little Marquis was noble and charming to others, but soft and delicate to himself. He shrank in his arms every afternoon and fell asleep like a sweet prince, and his heart became soft and soft. 

Such a delicate temperament, good temper, care for colleagues, friendly to people when Qing. 

Naturally, he had to work a hundred times and a thousand times to take good care of the little marquis in his hands. 

When he woke up, he did not see Qin Yunsheng's people, so he simply came to the office to watch TV. 

He is good-looking, even if he is eating melon seeds gracefully, like eating a big meal. 

The system reminds you: "Ding! Qin Yunsheng's rejection degree: 0 out of 100] 

he was stunned. 

This is the first time that it has seen the guardian object that the host has only opened its head, and the remaining repellency will automatically drop to zero. 

Shi Qing is still a calm appearance, eating melon seeds to watch TV. 

While eating, Shi Yiyi comes in. 

When she saw that there was only Shi Qing in the office, she did not hide her schadenfreude on her face. She walked to the young Marquis and waved her hand to her mobile phone: 

"Shi Qing, you are still very free-minded. I don't know if you will be watching TV when you get a call from your uncle." 

The young Marquis picked up the side of the double skin milk, did not give her a look, and focused on watching TV, while watching, eating double skin milk. 

I don't know how comfortable it is. 

The success of her naked contempt made her teeth itch with hatred: 

"OK! You don't care, do you? I'll have a look at it. My uncle started a teacher and made a crime. Why don't you care? "She sat in her seat with indignation on her face. As soon as she sat down, her mobile phone rang. 

The young Marquis said, "father." 

When Yiyi was happy, she sat up straight and wanted to listen to the phone clearly. 

Shiqing glanced back at her and raised her eyebrows to open her hands-free. 

Inside came the light and steady voice of his father as always: "I heard your cousin say that you made a boyfriend?" 

"Yes, he is an officer, that is responsible for protecting me." 

"It's him. It's really a good child. Are you serious?" 

Shi Qing: "seriously." 

Shi Fu: "OK, I see." 

A respectful voice was faintly heard on the phone: "the Duke, there is a document for you to deal with..." 

When the father said to him, "OK, put it here." 

Then he said to his son, "since it's serious, get along well. If you want to get married in advance, I'll spare time to attend the wedding." 

"Well, I'm busy. I'll talk to you next time." 

The phone hung up. 

Shi Yiyi: "what's more..." 

She was stunned. 

Although the father always spoke to her in the same tone before, isn't that because she is a niece? 

My son is out of the cupboard. He still looks like a normal thing, thinking about his work?!! 

The young Marquis put down his mobile phone and shook his head in the direction of shiyiyi. 

"It's over. Let me see the time. Ah, it's time to go to work. I'll order milk tea in the tea room." 

Shiqing swaggered out. 

Shi Yiyi looked at his proud back and almost didn't lift the table. 

When Shiqing went out, he didn't come back for a long time. 

This is very common in Professor Shi. After all, this was the case when he did not make chips before. As soon as he went out, people would disappear. 

Colleagues have come one after another, but Shi Qing has never been seen. It is obvious that he has been lazy again. 

After the exercise, the warm-blooded officer opened the door to have a look, but when he found out that the young Marquis was not there, he left again. 

Obviously, he was looking for his little boy friend. 

By the gas to now have not calmed down, Yiyi decided to take the "sow dissension" line. 

She first aimed at her busy colleague one and pretended to have no intention of saying, "Shiqing is too busy. Everyone is too busy. He is still lazy outside now. It is clear that you have done all this, but the credit is on him." 

Colleague 1: "Yi Yi, don't talk nonsense. The artificial nerve was originally a project completed by Professor Shi independently. If it wasn't for his kindness to let us participate, we would not even have the opportunity to sign at the back." 

Shi Yiyi: 

She bit her teeth and changed. 

"You are tired these days, Shiqing is too much. Seeing you busy like this, he himself is not free. I saw him watching TV just now, but he is still outside at what time. It's so shameful." 

Colleague 2: "you don't understand. Professor Shi did this for our good." 

Shi Yiyi Ha?!! 

Ha?!!! 

Late, leave early, go to work fishing, is for their good?!! 

Next to colleague 3: "yes, Professor Shi is painstaking, all for us." 

Colleague 4: "I was the first time I met such a good professor." 

Colleague 5: "Yi Yi, I know that you and Professor Shi have contradictions, but you really can't talk nonsense. He is such a good person, you can't say too much. Seeing that we have a good relationship, I won't say anything more. But next time you discredit Professor Shi, I will be really angry." 

Shi Yiyi: "what's more..." 

When she smears, she cleans?? 

She! Smear! Shiqing?!!! 

Are these people crazy?!! 

Does Shiqing still need her smear?!! 

Isn't what she said a fact in front of her eyes?!!! 

Colleague 6: "in short, Professor Shi is a good man. Don't talk nonsense." 

Other colleagues: "yes, good people." 

Shi Yiyi: 

She felt. 

It's not that she's crazy. 

It's the world that's crazy.





 These days, Shi Yiyi has been doubting life. 

Especially when she found that almost all of her colleagues said that she was a good person and was very friendly to her colleagues. 

Is it friendly to hand over the aftermath of artificial nerve to others?? He is clearly lazy to do well! 

However, no matter what Shi Yiyi said, others not only did not believe it, but also believed that the reason why she was so persistent in "clearing bad words when speaking" was because she did not agree with her participation in the aftermath. 

Is she rare?! 

Is not a small broken R & D, she can also rare these broken things??!! 

But no matter how crazy when Yi Yi said that he was not rare, no one had time to listen to her again. 

Because, the people who came to sign up for the artificial nerve experiment program began to arrive one after another. 

All of these people were carefully selected, with different questions and ages, from the old people of 90 to the children of a few years old, all of them were received in the city after being selected. 

The plan was examined and approved all the way, and was finally selected in the people's hospital. 

First of all, the prosthesis must not be the kind on the market, but should be treated professionally to ensure that it can receive signals like a real limb, and it depends on whether there are any adverse reactions from the person who installed the prosthesis. 

From the beginning of preparation to the end, every amount of money is recorded. 

Of course, it's not to make it easy for these people to pay, but to wait until the experiment is successful, so that those who want to install prosthetics or change their hearing will know how much it will cost. 

It can be said that it is very intimate. 

But this kind of intimate idea should not eat people's fireworks It was put forward by Qing. 

For a time, more and more people feel that Shiqing is actually pure and not artificial. 

He seems ferocious on the surface, but in fact he secretly uses his own way to help colleagues. 

He seems unconcerned with others, but he thinks of recording the cost so that those who want to become normal don't have to go blind. 

Such understanding, they really misunderstood him before. 

Qin Yunsheng knew why Shi Qing put forward the idea. 

Since he was free, the young Marquis began to be honest and lazy. Most of the time, he was holding Qin Yunsheng in the dormitory. 

What are you doing in the dormitory? 

Watch all kinds of news and comments that boast about yourself. 

The little Marquis liked to see these things. Every time he saw someone praising himself, he was very happy to show them to the officers. He was so beautiful that he always had a proud expression of "I really am the best and the best". 

And often at this time, Qin Yunsheng would not be stingy in his praise, the little Marquis boasted to the sky. 

Although this is the truth. 

It was for the sake of more people praising him that Shi Qing came up with this idea and brushed off the popularity of the people. 

Qin Yunsheng listened to what the Marquis said to him. 

But he didn't feel that Shi Qing was trying to show off. 

Like others to boast about themselves is human nature, but some people hide and suppress this nature, some people release it. 

When the little Marquis was released, he was frank and lovely. 

And although he is to praise, but these things do contribute to the people. 

What's more, at the bottom of Qin Yunsheng's heart, he felt that the little Marquis actually wanted to help people, but he was too embarrassed to say so directly, so he casually made an excuse. 

The more he contacted, the more he found that Shiqing's kindness was like durian flesh, wrapped in a shell with thorns. 

Others look at the past, that is, he is hard and smelly, but in fact, his essence is fragrant soft, delicious. 

However, few people would take the initiative to peel the shell to see the kindness of Shiqing. 

It doesn't matter. 

The officer pitifully thought that when others misunderstood Shiqing, let him clarify. 

He will tell everyone what real Shiqing looks like. 

Qin Yunsheng can clearly feel that as the two get along with each other for a longer time, they are more and more in tune. 

When Qing will be very cooperative to eat his washed fruit. 

Will also sleep in the rest room, the body is soft to allow him to carry back to the room. 

When Qin Yunsheng coaxed him to sleep, he would pull a man's sleeve and fall asleep like a child. 

Officers are proud. 

The whole Academy of science and technology, those who have lovers, must not be as happy as he is, there is a little Marquis such a soft and clever little lover. 

But he was worried about another thing. 

That's some kind of intimacy between lovers. 

His temperament and all kinds of things in the circle he came into contact with from small to large predestined that Shiqing was open. 

Qin Yunsheng is the opposite of his little lover.He was an orphan when he was a child. He grew up from a hundred families. It was always hard for him to live under the fence. He could only strive to be excellent and had no time to think about anything else. 

Whether he was at school, in the military academy or in the army, Qin Yunsheng put all his energy into his study and work. 

Therefore, from childhood to adulthood, he has never and never thought of love. 

He is resolute in nature, but he is always a little reluctant to get along with each other. 

Shiqing, let it go! 

And the more he can't let go of Qin Yunsheng, the more he likes to tease each other. 

Moreover, he also likes to deliberately tease people in all kinds of places where people may pass by. 

Qin Yunsheng's nature is a bit old-fashioned. Even if he and Shi Qing are known lovers in the whole science and Technology Park, he still can't do such things as showing love honestly and openly. 

But Shi Qing likes to do it. 

The tea room, the lounge, even the corner of the corridor. 

Shiqing likes to take him to places where people may come from anytime and anywhere, such as wall, sofa and bed. 

The purpose is to exchange what they have just eaten. Sometimes, if there is enough time, you can taste the taste slowly. 

He bought a basket of fruit candies and took Qin Yunsheng after eating one. 

After sharing his sweetness with each other, the little Marquis would be tired of asking what he had tasted. 

It doesn't matter if you can't guess. It's Shiqing's turn to guess what kind of sugar Qin Yunsheng ate. 

Although officers don't eat sugar. 

But it doesn't matter. The Marquis pays attention to the process of guessing, not the result. 

What's more, Shi Qing's favorite thing is that every time he deliberately teases him, and then he looks at the officer who is clearly provoked by him, but he dares not to do anything. He stands or sits firm, with a straight waist, but he is helpless and doting on his little sweetheart. 

This kind of expression of forbearance and helplessness is really unbearable. 

Besides, Qin Yunsheng is a typical person with integrity. 

He likes the approach of Shiqing, but he never says he likes it. He wants two people to be closer together, but he doesn't have any action. 

For example, now, Shi Qing leans on a man with a flat plate and takes his lover as a pillow. From time to time, he finds out some news that praises him and gives it to Qin Yunsheng happily. 

And with his hands, arms, and jiojio, he will always touch a man who is sitting quietly on a soft sofa with a straight waist. 

The little Marquis was raised by Jin Zunyu when he was young. His fingers were soft and tender. He ran into Qin Yunsheng and said he was sorry. In order to express his apology, he gently brushed the place where he had just been touched. 

Bang to a second, he can brush for a minute. 

You can imagine that the officer sat at the head of the bed with a solemn expression, and in his arms lay a delicate and soft little marquis. 

The little marquis is is not short in height, but he has a slender skeleton and a soft touch on his body can leave a red mark. He likes to curl up in his lover's arms. 

How can't you see the pain in a person's heart. 

But the officer did not dare to hold it, because the skin of the little Marquis was too delicate. He was afraid that his strength was not right, and he would be clear when he hurt him. 

After all, Qin Yunsheng grasped his wrist. If he didn't control it, the little Marquis would feel pain. 

Therefore, no matter how passionate his heart was, how his heart quickened with the action of Shi Qing, and how he wanted to hold on to that soft finger, the officer could only bear to bear the appearance of another one and endure the provocations of the little marquis. 

At first, Shi Qing thought it was exciting and fun. 

But after many days of stimulation, Qin Yunsheng was not happy. 

The little Marquis, who was born a demon, rolled in the arms of a man and felt his body tense. When he was not treating his lover but something that made him nervous, he got up unhappily. 

He stretched out his tender fingers and poked at Qin Yunsheng's strained muscles. His voice was dissatisfied: "why do you never take the initiative to hold me?" 

The officer was stunned and asked him, "do you want me to hold you?" 

The little Marquis uttered a Tut and threw his face in his arms. He felt that the man's face and abdomen were tightened violently because of his action. He did not dare to move. 

Shi Qing: "if you don't even hold me, what kind of love do we have?" 

The success of this sentence made Qin Yunsheng make a decision. He stretched out his strong arm carefully. It was clear that he could easily overturn a person's big hand. At the moment, he was careful and gentle. 

Slowly, slowly, fell on the back of clear. 

Shi Qing said You didn't put it on it. I didn't feel it. " 

Yes, the officer's hand seemed to rest on the back of the young Marquis, but in fact, there was a millimeter's distance between the palm and the back. 

Hearing the dissatisfaction of the little Marquis, Qin Yunsheng's laryngeal knot rolled up and down. The magnetic voice was deep and steady, but he showed some confusion"I'm afraid I'll crush you." 

His hand is so heavy, when Qing Pian is so soft and brittle, what if he is really accidentally crushed. 

Shi Qing said: 

At last, he knows why he has been doing so many things these days. Qin Yunsheng is still like a mountain. 

He was also Qin Yunsheng. He was really a liuxiahui. 

Shi Qing buried his face in the man's arms, and his discontented expression faded and rubbed his clothes gently. 

Soft, soft. 

The little Marquis opened his mouth, and his voice became more delicate and soft than when he was a routine officer that day: 

"well, you don't hold me, I thought you didn't like me." 

The whole heart of the officer was about to melt. 

At the moment, don't say that Shiqing's request is just to let him hold himself, that is, when Qing wants him to go into the mountains and rivers, he has not refused. 

Qin Yunsheng carefully dropped his hand and slowly patted the little Marquis on the back. 

Ask him, "is that ok?" 

When Qing hem haw, is simply a coquettish: "not enough, I want." 

The officer felt the little lover's back under his palm. Shi Qing's skeleton was thin. Looking at the man's thin, he had a little flesh on his body, which was soft to the touch, and somehow revealed a little delicate meaning. 

He was so careful, patting, coaxing children. 

Qin Yunsheng's voice was warm and soft, as if he could drip out of the water 

The little Marquis was still delicate: "you dare not even pat me on the back, then how do we do sports in the future?" 

The officer did not respond: "you don't like sports?" 

Shi Qing likes to watch Qin Yunsheng exercise, but he himself is not willing, saying that he dislikes sweating and his body is sticky. 

Qin Yunsheng, who fell in love for the first time from childhood to adulthood, seriously analyzed for the little lover: "if you are worried about this, don't worry. We can go running together. The possibility of injury in this sport is very small." 

Shi Qing guessed that he would say so. 

He propped up his upper body from the man's arms, took the flat plate and opened the drawing tool. He drew two matchmakers with his fingers. 

Match man in motion. 

A match man moving in bed. 

A match man moving together in bed. 

Then, Shi Qing handed it to the officer. He turned up his mouth on his white face and lay down in the man's arms with a smile to see the stiffness of his face and the sharp red ear tip. 

After understanding the meaning of the little Marquis, Qin Yunsheng hesitated and could not speak. 

"If you think about it now, isn't it A little bit fast? " 

"No, I think it's almost time." 

Shi Qing was eager to try: "if you want, we can do it now." 

Qin Yunsheng's face turned red. 

Of course he did. 

But what if he hurt the Marquis. 

He did not even dare to hug each other now. When he felt what the other party had just eaten, he did not dare to exert too much force, for fear that he would hurt jiaojiaojiao and be tender when he touched it. 

The officer is really not confident that he can control his strength. 

Shi Qing: "you are afraid to hurt me, aren't you?" 

Qin Yunsheng nodded a little dejectedly: "I know that training can increase strength, but I don't know how to train strength to become smaller." 

The little Marquis's voice was sweet: "then, in a short time, can't we do sports together?" 

The officer nodded again regretfully. 

Shi Qing felt that he had to work harder for a lover who didn't work hard. 

"Don't worry," said the little marquis! If you don't mind, I can tie you up so that you can't hurt me? " 

The handsome and steady officer suddenly opened his eyes and even stammered: "tie, tie?" 

The little marquis is beautiful to the face of the demon, full of eager to try, a pair of good-looking eyes in the bright as if hidden all over the sky stars. 

"Yes, tied!" 

"I've even figured out how to tie it." 

He took the tablet again and slid it on it. He found a picture and handed it to Qin Yunsheng. 

Qin Yunsheng looked at the crabs in the picture: "what are you doing 

He imagined the scene in which he was bound in the same way. 

This is not the most unacceptable. The most unacceptable thing is that when he is tied up like this, Shiqing should do sports with him. 

Qin Yunsheng: 

Qin Yunsheng: "I will train myself today." 

The little Marquis looked at him suspiciously: "can you really?" 

The officer nodded solemnly, "I can." 

The little Marquis smacked his lips: "is it really possible?"The officer quickly replied, "I can do it." 

"All right." Shi Qing's face looked a little regretful. He stretched out his tender white fingertips and poked the man's strong muscles. 

"Then you have to practice until the artificial nerves are completely on the market." 

"I believe you." 

Qin Yunsheng also believes in himself. 

For love, isn't it just a short-term exercise of how to control strength accurately? 

No problem! 

Absolutely no problem! 

Qin Yunsheng did not have much time left. 

Almost 100 percent of the people who signed up for the experiment didn't think it was a problem. 

An interview video of all kinds of participants appeared on the Internet and soon became popular. 

At the beginning of the picture, there is a smiling old man: 

"I am a retired policeman who has not had a right arm for 20 years. This arm was cut off by a suspect when I was on duty. Although there is state compensation, I have no worries about food and clothing. Now my arm almost doesn't hurt any more. But sometimes, when I look at other people's normal people who can play basketball, I can only sit on the side Looking up, my heart is really a little bad taste, this registration is my daughter reported to me, I don't know how to play mobile phones, at the beginning, I thought she was cheated, until she showed me the news, I didn't know it was a liar, but I was still a little skeptical. " 

"If you can install a mechanical arm, which is the kind of robot arm that can be manipulated, I still believe it. But if you install a fake arm, and then you can control it like a real arm, I think it's a bit bullshit. It's not a piece of meat on your body. It's not a piece of meat on your body. How can you do what your brain thinks?" 

"But when I was installed with this false arm, people said to me, you move this arm, I told them, say how to move, people said, just like you want to move that good arm, then I moved, actually moved, I was scared silly, my daughter directly called out." 

Speaking of this, the white haired man moved his prosthetic limb to the camera, and his wrinkled face showed a satisfied smile: "I just installed that day, I have been using this arm to do things, take water, take things, I use it, the next day, I thought I was just dreaming, and then wake up, really, I did not expect in this life, I still have A day when both hands can work together. " 

Then, the interview camera went back to the reporter: 

"OK, then we thank Mr. Ge. Now let's take a look at another injured person, who is also equipped with arms, but she is only eight years old." 

The picture came to the living room of an ordinary family. Inside, a young mother was red eyed and said, "my family was curled up under the car when I was a child, and that arm was gone. Now I have been a disabled child for two years. Other children don't play with her. She is also aggrieved. This time is good. The fake arm is specially made Yes, it looks like it's real. She's eight years old this year. She didn't go to primary school. That's because we're afraid that when she goes to school, people will think she's a stranger. Now we can safely send the children to school. " 

"Well, I wish Qiao Qiao a happy school. Let's have a look at an old man who has lost his legs for 30 years..." 

As soon as the news came out, it was already on the Internet of various discussions, and then it exploded. 

[it looks like the arm of a real person. This technology is too bad! ] 

[it is said that a young professor came out of the research, who is not even 30 years old this year. ] 

[yes, yes, I remember that there was an interview at that time. Ah, the lemon fruit was on the lemon tree, and I was sitting under the lemon tree. The 30-year-old person who could become a professor was really extraordinary. ] 

[this research and development is enough for the professor to go to the textbook! ] 

[textbook plus two] 

Shi Qing will be happy to see these comments. 

But when Yiyi saw, the mood is very different. 

The greater the reputation of Shi Qing, the more disadvantageous to her. 

However, she was already very unhappy. The young Marquis was still in the expression of "shouldn't Lao Tzu be so excellent" every day. 

Qin Yunsheng is blind. He looks after Shiqing every day as if he is taking care of a giant baby, but he still looks like they are loving each other. 

Even other people felt that the two men were very much in love. 

Looking at the officer's arms, holding a mobile phone, a pair of cheap but still good looking Shi Qing said, "ah, my fans are growing too slowly, only half a day has increased by 10000", shiyiyi hated. 

She couldn't help but pay someone to write an article. 

The title of professor was just bought with money, and then implied that if the title was bought, who was the real developer of this research?It's a pity that she can't even do it if she wants to be a demon. 

Almost as soon as this article was sent out, a group of people at the bottom got bloody. 

What's wrong with nobles? They can't work hard, they can't be genius? ] 

[when others are stupid, the research can still be robbed. Now it is not the time for nobles to say that killing common people's heads means killing common people's heads? ] 

[I think there is something wrong with the building owner, I agree with you, praise me] 

[I remember that Professor Shi also had a military chip research, why didn't the landlord say that the chip was also stolen] 

[seriously, a group of big men in the Academy of science and technology all boasted about the fact that a person independently completed the artificial neural technology news, and the landlord didn't read it. 

[everyone was scattered Well, if you are too good, you will be envied. Obviously, the landlord is a professor when you are jealous that you can reach the top when you are young. ] 

it's easy for people to be taken off course. When most of the comments are on the brain damage of the building owner, even if they don't know the situation, they will think that the owner is indeed a brain handicap. 

Shi Yiyi, who is thought to be a brain handicap:.... " 

Are these people blind?!! 

How can there be no doubt at all? Can you brainwash them through the Internet?!! 

When she was angry, Shi Qing entered the office. 

"Many people say that I am handsome and have a good family background. I can rely on the title and face to eat, but I have to rely on talent. Now I can get 10000 yuan an hour." 

Shi Yiyi damn it! 

She clearly wants to harm Shiqing, how can she help him instead!! 

When she hit the wall with her head, her mobile phone rang, which was her father's call, and almost at the same time, she received a text message. 

I'm sorry, some uniformed people came to my house directly today and asked me who asked me to send the article. I'll give you a confession. ] 

Shi Yiyi: " 

Her face turned white. 

Here, Qin Yunsheng is doting, looking at the little Marquis sat down, went out to answer a phone call. 

"How's it going?" 

On the phone, the retired professional Navy company's comrade in arms smiles with pride: 

"don't worry, brother Qin. As long as we pinch quickly, Professor Shi's reputation will never be damaged. You can be at ease. If this happens again in the future, we will still be able to deal with it in half an hour." 

"High quality water force, you deserve it!"





 This year is a special year for China. 

First of all, Professor Shi Qingshi developed the artificial nerve. Many disabled people can rely on it to become normal people again, and their daily life is not hindered. 

Secondly, there is friction between China and s, and the relations between the two countries are beginning to tense. 

The war is about to start, but the battle has already ended before it starts. Ordinary people don't know the inside story, but they can see something from the Queen's announcement that Qin Yunsheng, who established the royal family, is the crown prince. 

In short, it is certain that the prince's Royal Highness is a soldier of military origin. He has excellent military achievements and can line up a wall. He is really very capable of taking advantage of it. 

Some people speculate that Qin Yunsheng's position as the prince may not be stable, because he was still clutching a "invisible Prince" before. This is the "future Prince" in many people's eyes. Now suddenly, there is a change of people. Even if they can accept it, the "invisible Prince" himself can't accept it. 

"Invisible Prince" is really acceptable. 

Not only did they accept it, but they accepted it very quickly. 

They are so devoted to scientific research that they have no idea of becoming a prince. 

People in the Academy of science and technology are stupid. 

When watching the prince appear on TV, they almost doubt their eyes. 

Isn't this Qin Yunsheng around Shi Qing??? 

The officer who came to protect the professor became the crown prince?? 

Although it is said that he was later recalled to participate in the preparation campaign, but how to meet again is in the news of making the crown prince. 

The world is magic. 

People who have a good relationship with Qin Yunsheng are proud. 

They have a good relationship with the crown prince! 

He had little contact with Qin Yunsheng and tried to find out whether his royal highness had been in the Academy of science and technology. 

After confirmation, there is a burst of doubt about life. 

Then someone remembered that when Shiqing and Qin Yunsheng were together, shiyiyi didn't say less about this or that. 

I don't know what it's like for Qin Yunsheng to be the Crown Prince now. 

Shi Yiyi said she had no idea. 

Because she's not in the Academy at all. 

She has been transferred to other places since she was discovered by the Duke last time. 

The Duke is indifferent to his family, but it does not mean that he can watch his niece frame up his own son. 

At the beginning, when Yiyi cried and begged to live in the Shi family, he agreed to this niece's poor face. As a result, Jin Zunyu's growth greatly increased her appetite. 

The Duke didn't mind using his own identity to help his niece, but he did mind that a niece who lived in his own house, took money from himself every month, and relied on his reputation to target his son. 

He raised her, but he didn't owe her. 

Shi Yiyi was still crying at the beginning, but when she was forced to leave, she finally understood what she had been thinking about in her heart, and how much she thought about her status in the Duke's mind, of course. 

She was not reconciled to find that her years of hard work had been destroyed. 

Shiyiyi can only comfort herself. Even if Shiqing is famous now, the duke promised him to stay with Qin Yunsheng. 

Qin Yunsheng is just a small officer. In this way, Shiqing still regards him as a treasure. 

Then, Qin Yunsheng was made crown prince. 

Shi Yiyi: "what's more..." 

Being beaten so many times, she felt like she was giving up hope. 

You can't play, you can't play. 

You are strong. 

Colleagues from the Academy of science and technology watch the ceremony on TV, while Shi Qing watches the ceremony on the spot. 

The crown prince's uniform is really beautiful. 

The officer's uniform should consider whether it is inconvenient to walk and move, but the crown prince's uniform is more gorgeous because it is only worn on grand occasions. 

When Qin Yunsheng went to the queen, Shi Qing was holding his chin under him. 

The officer's pace was firm, and his beautiful uniform became more and more solid as he moved, and his slender legs sprang straight. 

He turned around, and his deep eyes fell on his little lover. He did not care about the large number of flash lights on the scene, and showed a smile when facing. 

After the ceremony is a banquet, the little Marquis caught Qin Yunsheng with a glass of wine, which is a fierce drink. 

Then, he succeeded in harvesting a crown prince with a confused look in his eyes. 

After the banquet, Shiqing should have followed the Duke to leave, but the young Marquis stood beside the prince with great justice. 

"I will send your highness back," he said 

Qin Yunsheng is already drunk at the moment, but when he sees him, he raises his eyes and looks at himself. On his resolute face, he still subconsciously smiles at his little lover. 

Next to the people also know their relationship, rest assured to watch the two people leave.The nature of an officer is still in his body. Even if he is drunk, Qin Yunsheng still keeps his chest straight and straight. He looks like he is sober. His eyes can reveal a bit of confusion. 

Shi Qing felt like he was holding a big bear, so he led people to the rest room all the way. 

The little Marquis stood at the edge of the bed and raised his eyebrows to Qin Yunsheng. He tried to shout out a word: "down." 

The officer who had been instructed did not hesitate to move forward. Half way down, he might have seen that the little Marquis was standing in front of him, and then he stood up in an emergency. 

When Qing teased him: "didn't I let you pour?" 

"No, no..." The officer's face was still full of confusion, but his thinking was very clear: "fall down It's going to hit you. " 

Shi Qing: "how is your strength training?" 

The young Marquis stretched out his white fingers, grabbed Qin Yunsheng's slender hand, touched the cocoon in his palm, and stirred it up and down. His beautiful eyes were full of eager to try. 

"You promised me that you would train before the artificial nerve was put on the market, and then go to the battlefield." 

His tone is more like coquettish than unhappy, but Qin Yunsheng is subconsciously guilty. 

His magnetic voice elongated because of his blurred consciousness: "I've been practicing." 

"I didn't lie to you. I've already practiced." 

When Qingle was over, he immediately stretched out his hand to pull the tie on his neck and suggested: "let's try it today." 

"No way." 

Qin Yunsheng tried to keep himself sober, with serious eyes and a serious look: "I'm drunk. I can't control my strength." 

"You're right." 

Shi Qing didn't get angry at the officer's refusal. He just quickly took off his coat and came to Qin Yunsheng. 

The young Marquis patted him on the shoulder as if he were waiting for the new crown prince, who was seriously looking at himself in front of him. 

"Good, put your hands up." 

The drunken man looked at his lover blankly. It was clear that his body was full of strong muscles. As long as he pushed it gently, he could push away the petite Marquis who was entangled with himself. 

But in the end, Qin Yunsheng obediently raised his hands and presented himself in front of the young marquis. 

Shi Qing was opposite to his four eyes. 

A pair of eyes is suffused with light, beautiful as full of stars. 

An eye is dark, seemingly steady, but in fact, the expression is full of no measures. 

When Shi Qing helped him take down those beautiful little badges, the man might have remembered his idea and suddenly blurted out a sentence: 

"don't tie me up." 

The little Marquis raised his eyes, his lips curled up slightly with a bad smile, and approached him in a soft voice: 

"I will not bind you." 

"You've bound yourself up to me." 

The next morning, Qin Yunsheng opened his eyes first. 

He had just started, a soft body in his arms grunted a few times. 

His royal highness did not dare to move at once. 

He heard the chirping of birds outside. 

Qin Yunsheng subconsciously raised his eyes and looked. At the same time, the picture he recalled overlapped with the birds playing in front of him. 

A plump and lovely yellow bird was standing on the branch of a tree. Another black bird flew to it and arranged its feathers with its beak. 

Perhaps it felt that the branches of the tree could not be spread. It simply flapped its wings and gently arranged the fluff of the yellow bird's abdomen with its beak. 

"Jiji ~" 

the bird chirped happily and rubbed close to the blackbird when it fell by its side. 

It looks like the lovely appearance of Shiqing's contented nest in his arms. 

A breeze blowing, the leaves on the tree clattered. 

The officer was stunned to see that the two leaves were beaten together by the wind, making a crackling sound, and his ear tip was slightly red. 

Last night, the wind should have been blowing all night and stopped in the morning. 

At that time, Qin Yunsheng's reason had returned to the majority. The little Marquis was yawning and drowsy, and Bai Nen's face was full of drowsiness. 

As the officer listened to the slapping of the leaves, he kicked the man out of bed. 

Until the big black bird combed its feathers with its beak for the plump and unhappy little fat bird, it was considered that the other side would be coaxed into no longer blowing hair, and he closed his eyes to sleep. 

Qin Yunsheng: 

All recollections completely return, never thought drunk oneself is such a man slowly, slowly raise his hand. 

Cover your face. 

Shame, shame, but no regret. 

Shi Qing and Qin Yunsheng are going to have a wedding. 

The crown prince and the professor who developed the artificial nerve are actually a pair! 

The news spread all over the country.Although homosexual love is legal in China, it is only a minority, especially the crown prince. 

Some people said that the prince's lover is of the same sex. After that, he will inherit the throne. How can he do without children. 

The person who said that was directly sprayed. 

Fool, your majesty hasn't been married and childless all her life. 

Without children, it's OK to choose an heir to the throne in the royal family. 

Isn't that how the prince was chosen? 

Before the royal family got married, netizens had to judge the royal marriage object. 

But now 

That's Professor Shi! 

Over the years, we have continuously developed deep-sea exploration instruments, developed particle weapons to frighten other countries when the war almost started, and led the team to produce highly intelligent robots, which can be used in disaster relief! 

Professor Shi has made such a great contribution to the country, such a stable talent, they have no face to judge those who have not made any contribution. 

This marriage is definitely a collection of the blessing of the people of the whole country. 

Of course, some people will worry. 

After all, the divorce rate of the royal family is still very high. Compared with love, the royal family is more likely to give up lovers on a monthly basis. 

In particular, Qin Yunsheng is still the crown prince. This is the man who will sit on the throne in the future. He is also handsome and tall. He is excellent and looks like a prince coming out of a fairy tale. 

But when Qing Dynasty was born, he was born like a painting. He was a scientific research genius. He was young and promising. He was a marquis and his father was a duke. His family property was more than 100 billion yuan. 

Such excellent two people, to face too many temptations, no matter which side can not hold, is a destruction to this marriage. 

In the first year of their marriage, people's blessings and worries were hidden. 

In the third year of their marriage, the queen abdicated and Qin Yunsheng ascended the throne. As long as he was present with Shi Qing, his eyes would stick to his lover except for talking about business. 

The fifth year, the tenth year, the thirtieth year 

Their hearts to each other have never changed. After 60 years of marriage, they are all public figures, with hundreds of millions of eyes staring at each other, but there is no scandal. 

On the contrary, after retirement, the show of "en en Ai Ai" traveling all over the world came up from time to time. At such an old age, the show was even more powerful than that of young people. 

The point is, it's not offensive at all. 

After all, apart from their contributions to the country, they have one thing in common: handsome!! 

When they passed away in the same year, a parent tutored their children's homework one day and looked through the textbook, and found that there was a love between the emperor and Professor Shi. 

In addition to his age, Shi Qing was full of praise: 

[Shi Qing was friendly to people. He was born as a marquis, but he didn't like food and clothes. He was devoted to scientific research. He was kind-hearted. Anyone who met him would praise him. He was just like him. In addition to his excellent personality, he also contributed a lot to the country ] 

after reading, the parent, who grew up listening to Professor Shi Qingshi's name, sighed and sighed to her husband: 

"it's a pity that baobaosheng was too late to meet such a good person as Professor Shi Qing." 

Her husband picked up his daughter with a smile and gave him a kiss. 

"It's OK. I'll see you in the textbook." 

Ding! Congratulations to the host for completing the task, please select: 1, vacation, 2, continue to complete the task. ] 

time clear: 222. ] 

System: [Ding! Please be ready to jump to mission world, task world is jumping, 3, 2, 1 ] 

when you opened your eyes, you found yourself lying on the reef by the water. 

He moved his leg. 

"Hula --" 

a beautiful fish tail rose out of the water.



Arc 7: Mermaid or Siren?

 Now it is late at night, while playing with his fish tail, he began to check his memory. 

In fact, there is no memory. The fish tail of the original owner looks like the beautiful and kind Mermaid in the fairy tale. In fact, he can live in the dangerous deep sea. How can he be kind. 

He is more like a sea monster than a mermaid. In his memory, sea monsters like to lie on the edge of reefs, use songs to attract ships, and then enjoy watching the ships hit the rocks in silence. 

Sea monsters are also notorious in the sea, because of their powerful fighting power and their skin, which seems fragile and can't be cut off by many sharp objects, they are almost invincible in the deep sea. 

In the sea of the jungle, killing each other to eat meat is of course no problem, as long as you are strong enough, it is no problem to eat an empty sea area. 

But the sea demon is a bad race. They kill their prey not to eat, but simply like to chase and play with the prey. 

Cruelty seems to be engraved in the nature of the sea demon, let them, but all see a living creature must find a way to provoke, the other party is not good, they are good. 

Many people think that the creatures in the sea have no memory, so they just know how to swim. But in fact, the deep sea creatures have a high yearning for life. The specific performance is that they slip away when they see the sea monster from afar and pretend to be dead. 

It's the shallow sea, because every time the sea demon floats, its attention is focused on the human body, and there is no time to separate the mind to the fish around. The beautiful fish in the shallow sea are not afraid of the sea monster. Instead, they chase the tail or arm of the sea demon and peck it gently, presenting a beautiful picture to people. 

After checking the memory, I think it's a little fun. 

Shi Qing: [all in all, I'm so strong. Which protagonist can beat me? ] 

no matter on the shore or in the deep sea, as long as the sea monster wants to kill anyone, it is the matter of opening his mouth. Even if he does not open his mouth in the sea, he can kill the other party directly. 

The system cautions carefully: "host, you are still a baby. ] 

Shi Qing: [is there any difference? I can't swim the sea as well. ] 

he held out his white tender arm at the moon on the sea, which was very big and bright. Originally, he looked at the beautiful flat pink fingernails without any harm, and quickly peeped out the sharp claws that were sharper than the knife from the bottom. 

Get out. Get it back. 

Get out. Get it back. 

Just like the cats on the land, it looks as if the meat pad is tender, fluffy and harmless, but in fact, the sharp fingernails are hidden under it, and can be run out anytime and anywhere. 

Shiqing then turned to look at his tail. The tail of the long fish was silvery white, and loomed in the sea with the moonlight, as if it was shining brightly. 

It looks beautiful like a work of art, but in fact, this tail is very lethal. 

For example, if he wants to, just swing his tail, he can throw a shark or killer whale to death. 

This can be done in the sea, especially on the shore. 

Even if he is still a kid, basically no one can beat him. 

Even if there is the law that the protagonist must win, it is too difficult to kill a sea demon. 

With such a positive idea, Shi Qing began to check the original plot. 

When he saw it, he suddenly realized. 

Sure enough, the villain finally killed the protagonist. 

He said, if the protagonist can win in this way, the protagonist is too rebellious. 

The world has just gone through a great cleansing. 

The meaning of "big clean-up" is that the planet is almost unable to bear life. Therefore, it is necessary to take a wash and wipe out all human advantages at the top of the food chain, so that they can no longer over exploit the planet. 

The advantage of human beings is nothing more than technology. The planet's self-help has cut off all power. 

At the same time, with the development of human science and technology more and more powerful, and gradually moved to the deep sea to live in all kinds of creatures with the great cleaning. 

Before the big clean-up, the animals on the land have been explored by human beings, but no one has been able to explore the deep sea successfully. No one can imagine what is hidden under the earth. 

Like sea monsters. 

Sea monsters live alone, and the memory of the original owner has always lived by himself. However, he has the inheritance memory. He knows that the most delicious food is always human beings, so he can't wait to float on the sea after he realizes that the planet is different. 

In the process of floating on the sea, the sea demon found a huge deep-sea beast that he had never seen or revealed in the inheritance. 

It looks strange, at least to the siren. 

In the deep sea, except for the sea demon which gradually looks exquisite to play with human beings, other creatures generally have poor appearance. 

After all, the deep sea is dark. Except for some creatures that can see at night (such as sea monsters), other creatures are basically blind. 

Their beauty is basically maintained in "no one can see, so I'll just grow it".There are strange shapes. 

There are also oddities. 

There's no one that looks good. 

However, the creature that this sea demon has never seen in the inheritance memory is very beautiful. It has claws and is very sharp. Its scales are golden. Each scale is bigger than the sea demon's face. Its beard is long and floating in the dark sea. 

It's beautiful in the eyes of the sea monster. 

But it's also very dangerous. 

The giant beast looks like a giant sea snake that the sea demon has seen, but in front of this giant beast, the giant sea snake is just like a newborn snake, a small group. 

The sea monster has never seen such a giant animal, bigger than the creature once called dinosaur in its inheritance memory. 

Other creatures might have escaped, but the sea demon was not so common. His nature was to play with his prey. Even if the giant could not play with it, he wanted to play with it. 

So he walked around and found that the eye part of the beast had not been opened, so he got close to its face. 

Then he saw a big round pearl half the size of its own, which was held in the mouth of a giant beast. Even in the deep sea, the big Pearl was shining brightly. 

The sea demon liked all the glittering things. He got into the mouth of the beast eagerly and ran away with the Pearl. 

After hiding the pearls, he went ashore to play with human beings. 

Then, when the protagonist is played, the beast wakes up. 

Originally, according to the author's setting, the protagonist should survive. Before being killed by the sea demon, the giant beast came out and killed the sea demon. Finally, the giant beast returned to the sea again. For some reason [the author gives golden finger] , the giant beast has a good feeling for human beings, and later the drama has helped the protagonist several times. 

But the plot is broken. 

The protagonist didn't wait for the beast to save the field, he was killed by the sea monster. 

And he died miserably. 

As soon as the protagonist dies, the plot can't last, and the world will naturally collapse. 

Shi Qing affirmed: "the protagonist in the world is definitely not the one I am looking for. ] 

the system is at a loss? ] 

Shi Qing: [because the protagonist of this world is the heroine. ] 

System: [???)??? ] 

System: [ ] 

he looked at the woman with short hair, scar face and cigarette in her mouth in the information column, and fell into meditation. 

Shi Qing: [maybe there are two living creatures except me in the plot. They are not the female owner. They can only be the giant beast. ] 

now the timeline is that he has stolen the big pearl and has begun to seduce the mistress. 

In other words, it's not far from the beast waking up. 

The beautiful mermaid turned and dived into the deep sea. 

Mermaid can see at night. In Shiqing's eyes, everything in the sea is very clear. There are all kinds of coral clumps, small fish with beautiful patterns and big crabs holding pliers. 

He was so fast that he soon reached the deep sea. 

The lower you go, the more grotesque the creatures below. 

Ugly and fierce, many teeth everted. 

I really want people to say that they are ugly and cute. 

The sea demon has been wagging its tail down. Wherever it goes, any creature with a little intelligence quotient will see him from a distance, and will avoid it. 

Finally, Shi Qing found the giant beast in his memory. 

He stopped in the sea and looked at the tall building with beautiful yellow scales in front of him. 

It's not as big as the original owner remembers. This altitude is normal in the deep sea. ] 

the system shut down the visual system and carefully reminded him: 

[host, this is its * *. ] 

time clear: [???)??? ] 

he swung his beautiful tail and looked up. 

[mom, exciting! ] 





 When Qing retreated for a long time, he could see clearly the appearance of the giant in front of him in the sea water. 

How to say 

Shiqing had seen the building so high that it was hidden in his abdomen. However, he thought it was an iceberg in the sea when he saw it from a close distance. Now it is far away, and he is fully aware of the huge size of the beast. 

Of course, after all, it's the size of a building. 

The sea demon swayed its beautiful silver tail, and came near again, swam to the top, and whirled around the giant beast's mouth and beard. 

The giant beast's beard is very long and long. When Qing got to the edge, he found that he had long hair, which was also golden, floating in the dark sea water one by one. 

It is clear that the most important thing for this kind of motionless creature in the sea water is all kinds of small creatures shuttling around, but there is no small fish in the giant beast. 

Even on the edge of its whisker, which sways slightly with the sea, no creature dares to disturb it. Obviously, not everyone in the deep sea is as keen on death as a sea demon. 

It took Shi Qing about half an hour to find out the whole body. 

Beautiful and sharp four claws, closed eyes, like gold plated scales, each piece is flawless. In addition to the beard, there are long whiskers on the head, which is obviously motionless, but seems to be always quietly revealing the prestige. 

The more we get closer to it, the more there is no living creature. 

Even if it sleeps, it can't be underestimated. 

Shi Qing swam down its long tail for a while. He was really tired. He swam up again, swung his beautiful fish tail, and then swam back, floating in the sea water, facing it. 

Oh, no, because the size difference is too big. 

Should say yes, the body to the closed eyes. 

Shi Qing concluded: "is this a dragon, or is it gold. ] 

the system is also the first time to see a dragon, and it comes out curiously: [it's so big. ] 

when he thought of the place which was almost like the building and was covered with golden scales, the tone of his voice would float up. 

[really It's big. ] 

System: [ ] It understands again. 

System: [host, what do we do now? It's going to wake up. You can't beat it. ] 

even if Shiqing is a sea demon, it is still difficult to deal with such a huge thing. 

You are right. I can't beat you. ] 

the system is dedicated to solving problems for the host, and comes up with an idea: [otherwise, we will return its pearls while it is awake, and we will certainly be ok if the pearls are not lost. ] 

the beautiful mermaid makes a circle in the sea water to remind him of the system: "make it clear that this big fat dragon is not the protagonist. The key is to reduce the ostracism of the protagonist. ] 

System: [but the protagonist doesn't trust the sea monster at this stage ] 

its voice suddenly stopped. 

System: [ Zeng Nan's rejection: 100 out of 100??? ] 

how does this happen? The protagonist is played with by the sea demon. 

It was early in the morning. 

[the protagonist is not stupid. If he is not of our race, his heart will be different. Just talking about how a small Mermaid, who is soft and weak in front of her, survived in the sea. You can think of it with your brain. ] 

[what is bewitched by the sea demon is that she is afraid that the sea demon will find out that she is not deceived and will directly take action, so as to make the sea demon feel at ease. ] 

the person who can be the protagonist is not a fool who is cheated by his appearance. 

System: [ ] 

it's confused. 

System: [well, what do we do now This Zeng Nan is so powerful that it's very difficult to reduce her exclusion. Otherwise, we'll treat the world as a holiday and play for a month before leaving? ] 

The Mermaid swung its tail and reached the dragon's face a few times down the river: "I don't go. It's rare that he is a dragon now, so I won't go. ] 

System: At this time, the host should not be confused by beauty! 

[host, the world is too difficult. It's a dragon now. The Dragon doesn't care to communicate with other creatures. The system suggests that you Host, what are you doing??? ] 

while swinging his tail and drilling into Jinlong's mouth, Qing took time to reply: "can't you see it? I'm getting into its mouth. ] 

System: [???)??? ] 

System: [ ] 

is this a new type of suicide? 

Eaten by a dragon or something. 

He carefully asked the unsuspecting host: "can I persuade you? ] 

time clear: [No. ] 

System: [OK. ] 

woo woo woo woo.It will soon become the first system in history to prove that its host was eaten by a dragon. 

Jinlong's body is very large, and its mouth is also very large naturally. It can easily accommodate a mermaid and lie comfortably on it, occupying the place where the Dragon spits beads. 

As we all know, dragons have their own dragon spit beads. 

The dragon will cherish it and take it with him wherever he goes. When he flies in the clouds, his claws will be grasped. When he sleeps, he is either beside him or in his mouth. 

It can be said that it is very precious. 

But few people know why dragons are so careful with their own vomit. 

Also, few people know that the dragon can't fly. It's a deep sea creature. 

Although he has claws, he has no wings and can't fly if he wants to fly. 

The most likely reason for the myth that the dragon can fly is that someone saw the Dragon by the sea. 

Think about it, the light is as high as a building, how big it must be. When it comes out of the water, it will be in the air when it is straight up. In the eyes of people at that time, of course, it is it that flies. 

From generation to generation, the dragon will "fly" slowly. 

Now, in the quiet sea water, the golden dragon, which is big enough to be called terror, slowly opened his eyes. 

His eyes are also golden. In the dark sea, they can see everything around them clearly. 

He slept too long. 

For a long time, I almost forget when I opened my eyes last time. 

Jinlong tries to remember when he woke up last time. 

Remember, the last time, it should be about a thousand years ago, when he woke up feeling too hungry, he swept all the living things in the surrounding sea area. After eating for almost a month, he felt full and then fell into a deep sleep again. 

It's not that he is too sleepy, but he can clearly feel that the world is rejecting him. 

The world does not welcome his existence, and can not do anything to him, so it can only let him sleep. 

Jinlong doesn't care about this. Anyway, he doesn't have any entertainment. Every time other creatures see him, they want to be scared to death on the spot. Besides eating and drinking, Longsheng has no fun. He can also kill time by sleeping. So he sleeps for a thousand years. 

Every time he wakes up, he wakes up hungry, and after a big meal he continues to fall into a deep sleep. 

But this time, it seems that it is different from the previous times. Jinlong wags his long tail, which makes the surrounding sea water fluctuate. 

Curious. 

The weariness in him was gone, even the rejection that he always felt faintly. 

Is world consciousness willing to accept him again? 

It should not be. In principle, it should be after the world has a more exclusive creature that will be willing to accept him. 

But in this world, what is more destructive than Golden Dragon. 

If you don't understand, you don't want to. 

Jinlong moved his body slightly, moved his muscles and bones, and slept for a thousand years. However, he was in decline, and there was no creature around him who dared to disturb him. 

But although he was not sleepy, Jinlong couldn't figure out what he could do except sleep. 

So he decided to eat a big meal and then go on sleeping. 

He's ready to eat and drink the dragon. 

As a result, he stopped in the middle of opening his mouth. 

He felt the original location of the Dragon spit beads, there were signs of life. 

Life? 

Jinlong doubted carefully with a stream of gas, he sent out the life in his mouth. 

In the sea water, a small Mermaid with beautiful silvery tail, long black hair, white face and delicate facial features appeared in front of Golden Dragon. 

The little mermaid's thin white arm was under his hair, and the silver white tail, which was so beautiful that the Dragon couldn't move his eyes, curled up slightly. At the bottom of the tail, the thin tail fin floated with the sea water. 

He looked petite and small. He was sleeping with his eyes closed, his white arms on his pillow, and his tail curled up. 

It's too small. 

Jinlong used to eat, sleep and eat. When other creatures saw him, they were far away from him. He couldn't even see a fish scale. 

For the first time, a life appeared before his eyes. 

It's still so small. 

Jinlong leaned forward carefully and held his breath for fear that he would hurt the mermaid in front of him. 

He carefully stretched out the dragon's claws and rowed for a while, finding that his claws were bigger than the mermaid itself. 

Testing across the sea, gently touched the little mermaid floating hair. 

It's true. 

There was a living creature in front of him. It was a shock to the golden dragon that no living creature dared to approach him from the beginning of a dragon egg. 

But where did this Mermaid come from?Jinlong, who has never been in contact with other creatures, carefully turns his huge body, subconsciously moves his body, and gently and slowly puts the small Mermaid sleeping in the water in his body protection circle. 

His breath long floating, the action will inevitably float to the sleeping Mermaid, this time, the Mermaid will not be happy to swing its tail, driving away the beard. 

This pair of straightforward, as if this is a small Mermaid site rather than the appearance of the Golden Dragon site, is really confused Jinlong. 

The most confused, or he found his own dragon beads missing. 

That's what he had when he was in a dragon's egg. 

Even though the memory of the Dragon spitting bead is a little vague in the inheritance memory, Jinlong also knows that this dragon spit bead is too important for him. 

When he was a young dragon with a length of more than 100 meters, his eyesight was not very good. It was all illuminated by the dragon's spitting beads, although there was nothing for him to do except the sea water. 

He would also use it to kick around as a toy. 

Still can throw it out, wait for it to roll away, and then be excited to look for. 

Although he didn't like these games when he became a big dragon, he just wanted to eat, drink and sleep, but at this time, longtuzhu could also sleep with him. 

What an important dragon spits. 

It's so big, so bright. It was still there a thousand years ago. 

Why not. 

Jinlong is careful not to disturb the small mermaid's snoring and snoring, and looks for a circle. 

Still not found. 

At last he realized something. He bent down his head and looked at the little mermaid that was not as big as his claws. 

Golden Dragon slightly narrowed its yellow pupils, and its long tail swayed slightly in the sea area more than 3000 meters away from its head. 

He finally realized it. 

The little mermaid suddenly appeared in his mouth 

It was his dragon that made the Pearl.





 It's normal for Jinlong to have such an idea. After all, starting from a dragon egg, there is no creature around him within ten miles. 

From the little dragon to the big dragon, he has never seen a shrimp. Although the inheritance memory records a variety of deep-sea species, it also records how the character of these dragons was opposite to him when his ancestors were not dead until there was only one dragon egg left. 

He likes to sleep at home, and his ancestors like to flutter around in the deep sea. 

He ate when he was hungry. He never picked the fat. However, his ancestors went all the way to another sea area to fight with fat birds that could fly in the sky, just to eat the big ice crabs living in the iceberg. 

Jinlong will develop such a disposition. Ninety nine percent of the reason is that from the beginning of dragon eggs, only dragon spits beads with him. 

Moreover, it is a dragon that can't speak, can't move, and can only emit light. 

In Jinlong's cognitive concept, no living creature dares to approach him, which has been the case for tens of thousands of years. 

Now, his dragon beads are gone. 

Well put in the mouth, so big a dragon spit bead disappeared. 

But the original dragon spit bead should be in the position, but more a sleep down-to-earth, not afraid of his little mermaid. 

This must be his dragon spit. 

He is not afraid of him only because of his dragon spitting beads. 

Although longtuzhu was not a living creature, it did not affect his inference. 

Jinlong thinks like this, the long long body and rightfully will sleep in the center of the little mermaid slowly to roll in the volume. 

So, this is his dragon spit. 

He was very happy to start searching in his mind according to the appearance of the little mermaid, and after finding out the sea demon race, he seriously recalled how to raise a sea demon. 

As for why the Dragon vomites into a fine will become a small sea demon, not easy to get a living creature is not afraid of their own golden dragon directly ignored. 

He himself from the dragon egg, no living creature dare to approach. 

If he did not swim fast, open his mouth and eat fast, and eat faster than those creatures hiding in the sea, he would have starved to death first. 

But when he met a living creature before, Jinlong was holding his dragon's beads in his claws and sucking with his mouth wide open. He didn't pay attention to what he ate at all. 

Anyway, every time he had enough food, the sea area would be dead for one or two hundred years. 

Therefore, in Jinlong's own memory, he has never seen a sea demon. 

Fortunately, there is a universal inheritance memory. 

Jinlong is careful to use the dragon's body emptiness to plate his own little dragon to spit beads, while checking the inheritance memory. 

There were still sea monsters more than 100000 years ago. 

However, the living environment of more than 100000 years ago was different from that of the present. At that time, Jinlong was still a huge ethnic group. As the overlord of the sea, they always played in groups in the sea. 

The way to play is to eat, tear and play with other creatures. 

If those creatures were put in the present, they would be prehistoric beasts, but if they were put in the deep sea more than 100000 years ago, they were just the playthings of the dragon people. 

At that time, the status of sea monsters was almost the same as the plaything food of the dragon people After a dozen cycles of food. 

In a word, the bottom of the food chain. 

At that time, the sea demon was still struggling to survive in the deep sea, and had no mind to play with human beings badly. Oh, no, there was no human at that time. 

They are extremely ugly in appearance, their tails are big and ugly, their scales are generally gray and black, their claws can't be retracted, and their tusks grow directly out of their mouths. 

Even if Jinlong was born, he didn't look directly at other creatures. When he saw the sea demon in the inheritance memory, he still shook his head in disgust. 

The huge dragon head turned to the small Mermaid which was coiled up and carefully circled in the protected area. 

Seeing that he was closing his eyes comfortably, he turned around again. In the dark sea, he looked like a silvery white fish tail that would shine. Different from the blue skin with scales in the inheritance memory, he was white all over his body, especially a small face, which was white and white. He did not know what he had dreamt of and pursed his pink lips. 

Jinlong's disgust was removed in a flash. 

He is happy to raise his dragon's beard, and is satisfied to ignore the beauty of the sea demon in the inheritance memory and continue to watch. 

The inheritance memory is passed down from generation to generation. 

Although he is the only dragon left in Jinlong, it can also ensure that he can learn all kinds of skills of dragon clan through inheriting memory. 

Of course, the dragon people in front may not have thought that the last dragon that survived was actually a house dragon. 

Growing so big, except for eating his own eggshell by instinct when he was just born, Jinlong grew up in a muddle headed way. 

Well, it's not more than 100000 years ago. Now he really doesn't have to do anything. He just needs to eat, drink and grow up, and no one dares to get close to him.Back to the main topic, it's almost the second time to check the inheritance memory of Jinlong. While watching, he carefully takes notes in his brain. 

The sea monster is very fragile. It can die if you touch it. 

Jinlong carefully looked at the little mermaid carefully coiled in the water, and carefully moved his body, so as to keep the other side closer to himself, so as not to be collided by any deep-sea species. 

Even if this piece of eye looks empty, and there is nothing, you should be careful. 

Jinlong continues to watch. 

In the memory of inheritance, the sea demon likes singing very much, but the surrounding creatures don't like to listen to his singing, and they beat the sea demon violently because of his singing, which makes many sea monsters live and die. 

It seems that the sea demon's mind is very fragile. 

Moreover, the sea demon is the weakest creature in the sea, and can bully them at will. Therefore, the sea demon has always been careful in the deep sea, and there were also dragons who kept the sea demon as pets before. 

It's a pity that the sea demon is so crispy that it can be tossed to death by any tail. If it is thrown to death, the meat is not delicious, which is really time-consuming and painstaking, so the dragon people did not try to raise sea monsters to play. 

It turns out that the dragon people had the habit of feeding sea monsters more than 100000 years ago. 

Jinlong tossed his long tail, thinking. 

Therefore, his dragon spit beads will become a small sea demon, is it because such a thing happened hundreds of thousands of years ago? 

Jinlong takes a serious look at the inheritance of the sea demon again, deeply remembering the sensitivity and fragility of the sea demon and the like. 

According to inheritance, the sea demon has always been bullied in the sea, and is the lowest living creature in the food chain. 

He is quite confident that he can protect the sea demon. After all, no matter how many hundred thousand years ago or now, the dragon clan was the overlord in the sea. 

In this way, he didn't think about whether the once poor little sea monster would become a new generation of sea overlord after more than 100000 years of deep-sea creatures shuffling. 

Jinlong just looked at the sea demon who was sleeping happily, and felt that he was weak, pitiful and lovable. 

What a pity. He is so small. If he didn't sleep in his mouth all the time, he might have been bullied by other creatures in the sea. 

In these tens of thousands of years, he has been putting the Dragon spitting beads by his side, so the little mermaid was hatched by him. 

Thinking like this, he tried to stare at longan and looked up and down at the little mermaid that could roll in his claws. 

His little face, his little arms, his little tail. 

Look at the scales on the tail. They are round and beautiful. They are the same as the scales on his dragon tail. 

Just after finding out a little bit of the same between himself and the little mermaid, the golden dragon became more upright and strong. 

He has a little bit of happy thinking, that I am the little mermaid's father. 

Jinlong recalled the way in which the Dragon brought the children. 

Oh no, dragon doesn't take children. 

They all throw their eggs into the sea at random. When the little dragon is born, they will find their own ethnic group according to the inheritance memory. 

Jinlong looks at the soft little mermaid and thinks that he should not treat the little mermaid like this. 

He's so small. 

And it's his dragon spitting. 

But why did his little dragon still wake up after so long. 

Jinlong carefully stretched out his claws and tried to put his sharp nails in. He did not dare to touch the "weak" Mermaid directly, but chose to be careful and touch the Qing's hair. 

Soft hair floating between the claws of the dragon, the heart of Jinlong seems to be filled with something fluffy and soft. 

The orphan dragon waved his tail excitedly and thought excitedly. 

So this is what it feels like to be a dad. 

The excited tail of Xi Dang's father Jinlong continues to swing, just like when he was a child, when he had a good time, he wanted to play coquetry, but no creature looked at him. 

Tossing and shaking, expressing happiness. 

Take a break and keep swinging. 

Hundreds of meters down the deep sea, in the trench, countless deep-sea creatures were suddenly whirled up and kept spinning. 

Finally, it stopped, and it came again. 

If they could speak, they would roar and denounce the dragon, which could make a whirlpool just by swinging its tail. 

You look great!! 

The tail is longer than the trench. It's amazing! 

You can make a deep-sea whirlpool if you like!! 

And in the sea above, a quiet good years, when Qing yawned, comfortable in the water to roll, holding his long tail opened his eyes. 

Just opened his eyes, on the Golden Dragon's huge skull. 

And those two shining, like the sun's dragon eyes. 

His beard floated happily, and gently rubbed the mermaid in front of him with his beard.Baby, I'm dad. ] 





 dad? 

Even when the Qing was made Leng for a moment, but soon, the little mermaid on the tail, very happy to call. 

His voice was tender and tender, and he called out to Jinlong in front of him: 

"Dad! Dad, Dad 

System: [ ] 

System: [ Host, what are you doing? ] 

Shi Qing: [can't you see it? I'm calling for Dad. ] 

System: [ ] 

he felt that if he didn't have a heart, he could actually perform a heart burst on the spot. 

It reminds its hosts carefully: "you Not related by blood Right? ] 

Shi Qing: [yes, so what? Look how happy I am to call him Dad. ] 

Shi Qing: [I'm also very happy, Dad, double happiness, isn't it worth it? ] 

System: [ ] 

it's dizzy. It feels like it's OK, but it seems to be wrong.





 The roar of Golden Dragon echoes in the sea. 

There's an echo. 

-- eat you 

-- yes, you 

-- you 

- "we!" 

However, in most people's ears, it is the long sound of dragon singing. 

To be precise, human beings can't hear any sound, because the sound falls in their ears and only makes them hum. 

Until the Golden Dragon finished the announcement, he realized that he had warned the surrounding creatures, and then he returned to the sea with his little dragon spitting beads. 

People on the island have been so shaken that they can't get up. 

Especially just now, with the sound of the Dragon singing, the whole island seemed to be shaking, and even the coconuts on the trees were shaken down. 

After waiting for a long time, a group of talents helped each other to get up. 

"Boss, what the hell is this? Hiss. My ears hurt." 

"Speak up, I can't hear you!" 

"I said my ear hurts!" 

Zeng Nan iron green face, did not participate in the small brother between the loud talk, eyes dignified looking at the sea has been calm down. 

A little brother stood up unsteadily and asked, "boss, what do we do now? Do you want to go to sea?" 

Zeng Nan: "first fishing in the offshore, don't be too far away, this thing is big, should not come to the offshore." 

But since the end of the world, it's like knowing that humans don't have high-tech equipment, and it's basically hard to find them again. 

If you want to fill your stomach, you still have to row to the deep sea. 

Zeng Nan is still thinking about the mermaid. Does he know that there is such a giant beast in the deep sea. 

If you know, how did he survive before? 

To be honest, although he has always been on high alert to Mermaid, Zeng Nan still can't understand why this mermaid has to make a soft and weak innocent appearance since he can survive in the sea. 

Isn't it obvious that "I lied to you, I have a conspiracy, don't believe me"? 

That's the sea. Even before human beings lost their advantage, they didn't dare to explore it too deeply. 

Zeng Nan didn't believe that mermaid was so weak and could survive in the sea. 

But when she said mermaid was not weak, she had to pretend to be close to her, and she couldn't understand why. 

Zeng Nan of course did not know that the sea demon was simply bad tempered and liked to play with people's hearts. Unfortunately, she met a fledgling sea demon, which revealed her flaws. 

However, in any case, we don't know the enemy or ourselves. At least, the mermaid who is willing to communicate with each other on the surface is more reassuring than that of the giant beast which is attacked by a burst of sound waves. 

Now, she was looking forward to meeting mermaids the next time she met strange creatures in the sea. 

Better than that giant anyway. 

Ding! Zeng Nan's rejection rate: 97] 

when receiving the rejection warning, Shi Qingzheng went down with Jinlong. 

In tens of thousands of years, this is the first time that there is a creature accompanying him to dive. Jinlong happily rolls up his tail and takes the little mermaid to the place he found when he was a child. 

A place full of shipwrecks. 

Boxes and boxes of jewels that had been corroded by sea water fell down everywhere. 

Silver and jadeite are almost corroded, but gold is still unaffected, still so shiny. 

During the period of the young dragon, Jinlong liked the gold very much. His favorite thing at that time was to search the sea bottom and move the glittering things to his secret base. 

When he grew up and evolved into a house dragon, he no longer liked this game. 

You can't eat, you can't sleep with me. 

But now, Jinlong is very lucky that he liked these glittering things when he was a child. 

In the tradition, sea monsters like shiny little things. 

Jinlong carefully selected from a string of gold jewelry with his claws. Finally, he carefully picked up a crown which was still beautiful and dazzling even though it was deposited in the sea for a long time, and handed it to the little mermaid. 

"Do you like this one?" 

Tyrannical president * full of wealth * dragon is like a child showing off his wealth: 

"everything here is mine, now they are all yours." 

The little mermaid took the crown and put it on her hair. 

It has to be said that this crown is really beautiful. The most important thing is that it is basically made of gold, and other places are inlaid with diamonds of large and small size, which will not be corroded by sea water like other products. 

When he was ready to wear it, he swam to the dragon's claws, which were carefully spread out by Jinlong, and asked in a coquettish voice: 

"do I look good?""Good looking." 

Jinlong looks like a faint monarch who has been fascinated by the demon imperial concubine. The two huge longan eyes stare at the mermaid in front of him and flatters him with great face: 

"the baby is the best fish I have ever seen." 

Although strictly speaking, he also takes such a fish seriously. 

The other fish didn't show him a second. 

However, this does not prevent Jinlong from flattering him sincerely. 

When Qing was happy, he sat on the Golden Dragon's paws and watched him seriously choose the good-looking ones. 

Although sea monsters like these jewelry very much, they usually don't use them to dress up. After all, it's in the sea. Swimming speed is very important. If you wear these jewelry on your body, it will have a little influence. 

But there is a golden dragon who is willing to use the sea as a ranch for him. When he is there, he does not have to worry about this. 

Soon, the little mermaid was dressed up. 

Gold may be a bit gaudy in human eyes, but it falls on the white Mermaid. The beautiful pure gold crown, gold bracelet and glittering diamond necklace set off a more and more dazzling Mermaid. 

The satisfaction of his heart was almost full. 

The dragon claw is like a guard, carefully encircle the mermaid. 

He asked the little mermaid sweetly, "where do you want to play? I know a lot of fun places. " 

At this time, Jinlong is very grateful for its inheritance and memory. 

Although he is a house dragon, it doesn't prevent him from knowing where to have fun. 

Shi Qing: "I want to go ashore to find my human friend." 

Jinlong is stunned. 

His little mermaid Have a friend?? 

Shouldn't they be the only one for each other?! 

Jinlong ignored the question of "why do dragons have friends when they spit their pearls?" they tossed their tails and stirred up eddies in the sea. 

"Do you like your human friends?" he asked 

Human beings, Golden Dragon know it. 

But he didn't like humans. 

So small, so weak. 

How can he make friends with human beings. 

The most important thing is that Jinlong is a big man. He doesn't go to the shallow water. If the cubs get ashore, he can't take care of him? 

Jinlong's heart was sour and choked out a sentence: 

"all human beings are on the shore. You are a fish, you will have an accident when you go ashore. Otherwise, I will catch some small fish to play with you." 

Said, he rubbed a bit to speed up, quickly in front of a good fish plate into the encirclement ring, flattering to release the claws, let time clear to play. 

Shi Qing looked at the shark in front of him, which was about eight meters long and was swimming slowly. His mouth was so long that he looked terrible. 

But in fact, although the basking shark has a big mouth, it is very gentle and harmless. It feeds on the small creatures in the water. It has never been included in the list of sea demon foods that like to catch powerful predators. 

At the moment, the slow nature of the basking shark has not realized the danger ahead, is trying to swim forward. 

Unfortunately, because of the slow swimming speed, swimming for half a day, but also to move forward a little. 

Jinlong doesn't know this creature that looks like a small fish in his eyes. He is just afraid that his little dragon will spit beads. He thinks that this "toy" is not fun. He lowers the dragon head in a hurry and threatens the basking shark in front of him. 

"You! Swim fast 

The basking shark can't understand what Jinlong is saying, but it can feel the powerful power of the giant in front of him. 

Although its eyes are small, but the vision is very good, usually through the vision to observe the surrounding. 

To observe the enemy, you should first measure the height, length and sharpness of the enemy's teeth with your eyes. 

As slow as it is, he finally realizes that there is danger ahead of him. 

It slowly swam the body, with mung bean eyes seriously to see the front of this inexplicably caught out of their own group of enemies. 

Because at first glance, they couldn't see it, so they could only move up slowly, trying to measure their success through their movements. 

It swims slowly You You 

Finally! 

After turning 360 degrees, the shark finally realized that it was a giant that it could not measure its length. 

The shark's mung bean eyes showed panic. 

It's trying to turn around and run. 

Jinlong looks at the little fish moving slowly. 

This is a provocation. 

It must be. 

He opened his mouth angrily and saw that he was about to eat the shark in one bite. He dared to challenge the shark by spitting pearls in front of him. The little mermaid swam to the front and landed on the back of the shark. 

Jinlong immediately closed his big dragon mouth and looked at the little mermaid lovingly.When Qing sat on the back of the shark, he felt that the shark that he didn't know he didn't have was running as fast as he could. 

Unfortunately, it feels like it's dawdling like a train. 

Shi Qing felt that he was sitting on that kind of carousel, slowly. 

He did not dislike, occasionally when the basking shark deviated from the orbit, he threatened the "driver" with the sea demon claw to drive in the direction he wanted. 

Jinlong didn't feel that the shark was swimming slowly. Seeing that the mermaid "liked" the "playmate" he had found for him, he was quite happy to swing the dragon tail and follow him. 

The poor basking shark was even more alarmed when he felt that the sky was watching his giant with strong pressure. 

Speed up as fast as you can. 

Almost from a slow carousel to a slow carousel. 

Finally, under the control of Shiqing, the basking shark swam to a sea area. 

The sea demon, who had been lying on it as a means of transportation, finally let it go and swam down with its tail. 

Basking shark: woo woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo. 

Jinlong is no longer paying attention to it now. He tries to roll up the dragon body and swim under a big stone in this sea area with the loving sight of "my baby is really lively", "my baby is very nice to swim" and "the fish in the whole sea are my baby's most beautiful". 

It's so cute, baby. 

Do you like stones so much? Great. He collected stones when he was a kid. 

Jinlong is looking at it with satisfaction, and the dragon's face suddenly froze. 

The little mermaid was coming out from the bottom of the stone with the big pearl. 

He swung a long, as if flashing beautiful fish tail, holding the dragon, which is half a man fish size, spit beads and put it in front of the stiff faced golden dragon. 

White face slightly raised, a lovely look waiting for praise. 

Jinlong: "is it..." 

He's all dead. 

Little mermaid is not he hatched out of the Dragon spit beads it!! 

Isn't it?!! 

Isn't it?!! 

Seeing the little mermaid, seeing that he did not move, he handed the huge pearl to his claw, and the golden dragon was shocked. 

In a moment, I listed the equation: Dragon spit found that it is equal to whelp, not dragon spit, equal to whelp is not his cub. 

He slowly stretched out the dragon's claws and grasped the dragon's spitting beads in his palm 

Then he quickly turned around and threw it into the distance - 

the big Pearl was thrown out quietly. 

Jinlong breathed a sigh of relief, and then turned around again. If nothing happened, he rubbed the beautiful tail of the little mermaid with his long beard. 

"Whelp, are you hungry?" 

Shi Qing said The big Pearl just now... " 

Jinlong: "baby, do you like pearls? I used to collect a lot of pearls. Dad will show you 

As for longtuzhu. 

What dragon spits beads. 

There is no dragon spitting beads. 

I haven't seen it, I haven't heard of it. I've never seen it. 

And Shiqing, who had already wagged his tail, went upstream and began to play with Jinlong's beard. 

Happy when Dad's silly father, Jinlong, hears it and shouts at him. He is more happy. 

This is the first time in tens of thousands of years that a creature has communicated with him. 

And it's the baby he hatched himself. 

Although he had been eating, sleeping and eating, he did not hear any creatures calling for mercy every time he ate. Jinlong also vaguely knew that all the creatures in the sea were dumb now. 

It's not the time for them to go out and play with each other more than 100000 years ago, and a group of creatures who can't escape yell "king, forgive me.". 

And now, he hatched out of the small dragon spit beads, as expected, with him, not a mute. 

Jinlong carefully controls his beard and catches the mermaid playing in the water. His two dragon claws spread out carefully under the water to make a catch posture. 

"Father and son" have no strange feeling, as soon as they meet, they have a good time. 

Therefore, in the deep sea, if any creature dares to approach here and can watch at night, you can see that there is a long golden dragon circling, and a mermaid that is too small compared with him in front of the dragon head is playing around his beard. 

The appearance of Jinlong is very dignified, and every part of its body is enough to make any creature feel cold. 

It's sharp claws. It can cut the stone with a single stroke. Its hard scales can resist the most powerful attack. There are also the fangs in the mouth of the big dragon head. 

As long as he bites like this, no creature can escape from the sky under such a mouth. 

However, it is just like this that the random movement can create a blood red dragon, but in order to let the little mermaid in front of him play happily, he is as motionless as a stone statue. 

Even breathing the sea water, he gently and slowly, for fear that he would not be careful to suck the little mermaid into his mouth.Such a huge thing, but it is cautious, all kinds of treasure to care for the little mermaid lying in his palm. 

Seeing that the little mermaid's newborn calf is not afraid of the tiger's direct attack on his dragon's claws, the Golden Dragon's nervous nails are stiff. 

Although from small to large, his dragon claws have not been used in addition to holding the dragon and spitting beads, but the inheritance memory tells him how sharp his nails are. 

What if the little mermaid accidentally falls on her fingernails. 

The Golden Dragon did not dare to avoid, afraid that a move would cause the surrounding sea water to form a vortex, so he tried hard to take back his nails to avoid the little mermaid. 

Fortunately, the little mermaid gently landed in the center of his dragon claw, did not touch the nail. 

The Golden Dragon breathed a sigh of relief, and the dragon's beard floated happily again. 

As expected, it's the little dragon that he hatched. It's really powerful. 

As soon as he was happy, the dragon's tail swung, and the sea below was in bad luck again. 

Fortunately, since the previous one out, the living creatures living there have fled for their lives. Otherwise, if we let him come out like this, I'm afraid we can live and die. 

Shiqing was also very happy. 

Although Jinlong is so big, it seems inconvenient to clean his body. In fact, he walked around just now and found that every scale of Jinlong is smooth and bright, and clean. 

Now lying on the dragon's claws, he curiously stretched out his tender white arm to touch it. He found that the dragon's paw was almost the same as the cat's paw on the land, with a soft meat pad in the center. 

Although this "meat mat" is bigger than his whole fish. 

The little mermaid swayed her tail curiously and floated up. She lay down on the dragon claw meat pad and felt the meat under her body. It was absolutely able to resist the thickness of bullets, but it felt soft and soft, like a water bed. 

Shi Qing was lying on the top comfortably, looking up at his golden dragon with careful eyes: 

"I'm hungry." 

After a second, he added, "Dad!" 

With this sound, my father was able to yell at the heart of Jinlong. 

Stupid dad, he immediately promised: 

"Dad will take you to eat delicious food 

Before, as a house dragon and an orphan dragon, Jinlong was not picky about what he ate. 

Anyway, it's enough to eat. What's the matter. 

A mouth, while swimming and smoking, there are all kinds of things into his stomach, as to whether he will eat any stones, sunken ships, icebergs. 

Anyway, he has a diamond stomach and can't eat it badly. 

But he can eat whatever he wants. How can a cub. 

Jinlong carefully holds his dragon claw and protects his cub under his eyes, for fear that he will accidentally encounter something and hurt Shiqing. 

It's under the nose of the truth. 

Who makes his eyes big. 

Look at his cub, this little one. 

The mouth is small, the arm is small, even the beautiful fish tail is small. 

Such a small cub must be raised carefully. 

It took only a second for the dragon, who has been living for tens of thousands of years, to "go out". 

He asked the cub in an impassioned voice: "Daddy will take you to eat fish?" 

When Qing comfortable by his protection in the Dragon claws, sweet greasy with Jiao: "I listen to Dad." 

Jinlong was intoxicated again. 

Ah, this is his cub. 

What a baby. 

In the memory of inheritance, there has never been a dragon as good as a cub. 

They are all dragons that catch their own prey when they are born, and some will follow their parents to grab prey when they return to the tribe. 

Dragon people hate to be robbed of their own prey, but nature is not to kill the same clan, can only hate to gnash teeth and swing tail, uncomfortable swimming threat. 

Maybe that's why the dragon people don't raise their own cubs. 

After all, a young dragon is almost invincible since it was born. There are almost no other creatures that can harm them except the adult dragon. He is particularly impolite because he is young. The adult dragon dare not attack him (afraid of killing him with one paw) and snatch food recklessly. 

This directly led to the dragon people not to see the cubs. 

Of course, cubs don't want to see adult dragons either, but when they grow up to be big dragons, they look at robbing their own food, and they can't fight the cubs directly. 

To put it bluntly, it's who grabs the food to see who is unhappy. 

But the only remaining dragon, Jinlong, is an alien of the dragon clan. 

He was happy to hold the cub carefully on the dragon's claw and swam forward with a speed never so fast. His heart was filled with joy. 

He doesn't feel like a stranger. 

Other dragon people don't care about cubs because they can live by themselves. 

But his cubs are different. 

Look at his little arm. Look at his little tail.How pitiful, his small arm can't even hold the best bullying ape fish in memory. 

And this beautiful, but small and weak fish tail, watching even swimming is very energy consuming, swimming in the deep sea so slow, it is just waiting for death. 

Jinlong is full of pity thinking, if this is how to put such a weak and poor cub in the deep sea. 

It will starve to death. 

It will. 

Just thinking about how he would be bullied if he didn't wake up, Jinlong felt guilty. 

The silly father gently rubbed the little mermaid's beautiful silver white tail with his beard, full of shame thinking. 

It's all because he's not good enough to hatch strong cubs. 

Bruce Lee is so weak that he can only follow him and be protected by him all his life. 

At the thought of this, Jinlong's shame was squeezed away by joy. 

That's good. 

He will take care of Bruce Lee and give him the best. He won't be wronged. 

In the process of swimming, Shiqing looks up at the golden dragon, which looks majestic and is swimming forward with all his heart. 

It looks like it's cool. 

But when he swung his tail and looked back, he could see that the long body of Jinlong was swinging happily. 

With the whirlpool in the sea. 

He asked Jinlong, "where are we going?" 

The natural ability of the sea demon itself is enchantment. If you eat by the voice, the voice of Shiqing is naturally beautiful. 

Although more than 100000 years ago, deep-sea creatures who were not very good at hearing the sounds would beat the sea monsters violently after hearing the sea monsters sing, it is obvious that Jinlong has the ability to appreciate. 

He is a beautiful, beautiful thought, my baby voice really good. 

Then I think of the terrible voice of the sea demon in the memory of the dragon people. 

Instead of thinking about "because my appreciation ability is different from that of Chang Long", Jinlong thinks more happily: 

it is indeed the dragon that I hatched to spit beads, and even the sound is so much better than other sea monsters. 

After a second of intoxication, Jinlong is immersed in the beauty of Zizi and answers the question from her cub: 

"I remember the fish in front of me tastes good, so I'll take you to eat it." 

Although he doesn't remember what he ate, Jinlong still remembers that he was satisfied to "go home" and go to bed a thousand years ago. 

Jinlong doesn't know what it means to fish with all its strength, but he knows what it means to recuperate. 

Now a thousand years have passed. According to experience, there should be delicious food in that piece. 

For Jinlong, what he means in front of him is to swim for more than an hour with his own extremely fast speed. 

Besides, he went up to the sea. 

When Qing was held by him in the dragon's claws and looked out, he found that the sea area was quite familiar. 

Isn't this the island where the lady lives? 

Jinlong doesn't know what female owner is, but the adult dragon has good eyesight. He can clearly see the small fish in front of him. 

These small fish are not enough for him to fill his teeth. It will take a long time for him to eat enough. But for his little dragon, he should eat enough. 

Thinking about it, Jinlong rushed to the past with a quick acceleration. 

On the island, Zeng Nan is holding a cigarette ready to go out to sea, one side of the younger brother carefully came up: "boss, or don't go, in case you encounter that Mermaid again how to do." 

Zeng Nan puffed out a puff of smoke. The scar on her right face loomed in the sun. She had a flat head, and her skin was wheat colored. Her facial features were pretty good. Unfortunately, they were all destroyed on the scar. After listening to her younger brother's words, she narrowed her eyes slightly and looked at the sea. 

"If you don't go out to sea, where can I get food? What can I do if I starve to death?" 

After she finished, she took another puff of smoke and analyzed: "now there are all kinds of messy things. This mermaid is still good. Although I don't know why he pretends to be weak, at least he didn't come up directly to kill us. The sea is so big, ghosts know what's in it." 

Little brother a face of bitter gourd phase: "mermaid has been enough strange, there should be no other bar." 

"It's also true that if there's anything else, it's probably not big enough to be like a mermaid. Otherwise, scientists would have discovered it before the accident happened, and it's not their turn to come out now." 

Zeng Nan finished saying, turned to pinch off the cigarette: "OK, ready to start." 

Then, she gaped at a group of younger brothers, staring at the shocking face behind her. 

Zeng Nan: 

"What are you doing? Are you all stupid?" 

Little brother: "old, boss, look at the back..." 

Zeng Nan frowned and threw the cigarette into his mouth and turned his head impatiently: "can you not always be so ignorant, what is this time..." 

She lost her cigarette. 

From here, on the distant sea, you can see a huge golden body rising out of the sea and going in again.Zeng Nan: 

The truth of "near big, far from small" is understood by those who have studied. 

She spent nearly three years with her little brothers in this sea area, which can be said to be very familiar with here. The place where the huge golden body appears is already the farthest place that can be seen here. 

From so far away can be so big, if get close, that how big. 

From their point of view, we can only see a large section of golden body in the sea from time to time, even shining in the sun. 

It was obviously a living creature, because he was spinning all the time. 

If it was his body. 

Zeng Nan's hand is still holding the smoke posture, but the whole person is frozen. 

"Now I suddenly feel that the mermaid is really harmless." 

At least he was willing to pretend to be harmless. 

Take a look at this thing that I don't know what it is. No one dares to believe the physique alone. 

Ding! Zeng Nan rejection: 98 out of 100] 

when prompted by the system, Shi Qingzheng watched Jinlong carefully release its claws and let himself swim out. 

On his majestic dragon face, he squeezed out a bit of gentleness, and the magnetic voice was soft, as if he were afraid to frighten his little mermaid. 

"Whelp, come and eat the fish." 

In the eyes of Jinlong, the little mermaid swayed its tail and circled around its dragon claws, refusing to leave him as if afraid. 

What a weak baby. 

How could he have let the cub eat by himself if he didn't think it was fresh. 

While twisting his dragon body into a circle, he drove the "little fish" who wanted to escape with the tail of the dragon and had to enter the circle. He coaxed softly: 

"don't worry, I'm here. They dare not do anything to you. They will catch whatever they like." 

Large and small sharks and killer whales driven to the dragon body circle:.... " 

They are in a panic everywhere, but every time they want to escape, they are driven back by the huge and terrifying dragon tail, which exudes great prestige. 

Although they don't know what the dragon is, the fear engraved in their nature makes them dare not even attack. They just dare to turn around in circles with fear. 

Finally, I got used to this kind of prestige. I saw a sea demon walking out of the monster's claws. 

These predators, who have always run rampant in the sea, are even more flustered. 

Sea monster! 

This is a sea demon! 

The nature of wanting to survive makes them want to escape after recognizing the siren. 

Jinlong looks strangely at being encircled by himself. The prey that has been gradually quiet suddenly seems to be stimulated. Teng starts to flee again. 

What are these little fish running? Don't scare his little dragon to spit. 

The little mermaid was really frightened. 

"Woo..." 

Shi Qing stretched out his delicate arm and tried to hold (too big to hold) a finger on the dragon's claw, which was so delicate that she scattered Jiao: 

"I dare not catch it, you can catch it for me." 

The heart of Golden Dragon will melt. 

He immediately said, "OK, I'll catch you!" 

But how to grasp it is a problem. 

As an orphan dragon with no ethnic group, he used to eat with his mouth open and began to suck. The food and sea water went into his belly. 

He had a big stomach and ate too much, even if he was accidentally mixed with something else. 

But the little mermaid can't eat like that. 

Jinlong tentatively stretched out his dragon claws, picking and picking at the "little fish" who were surrounded together. 

Finally, he had his eye on the biggest killer whale. 

Generally speaking, the bigger the animal, the slower the movement. But the dragon clan is not. They are basically big fat dragons, but each speed is as fast as the wind. 

Jinlong stretched out its claws and retracted its claws. In less than half a second, the killer whale was caught by him, and he did not even give him time to struggle. The predator, who is also regarded as a deep-sea killer, has turned into prey and died in the claws of Golden Dragon. 

Although the golden dragon was swallowed directly before, but looking at the mermaid still nestling in his other claw, he learned to use his claws to remove the redundant parts of orca, found the tenderest and most delicious piece of meat, and carefully handed it to the little mermaid. 

When Qing swung his tail and rolled in the water, he slowly swam up and caught the piece of meat. 

He took a tentative bite, and the taste of the sea demon was changeable, but one thing was certain: the more powerful the creature was, the more delicious it was in the sea demon's eyes. 

This killer whale tastes like spicy chicken. It's charred and tender inside. 

After a bite, the little mermaid ate the hot chicken. 

The Golden Dragon above is full of love to watch his little dragon spit out beads to eat. When he sees that, Qing finishes eating it, he immediately presents the tender meat just picked out to him like a treasure."There's more here, little boy." 

The little mermaid touched her slightly raised abdomen, burped in the water, and several small bubbles floated up. 

His voice was still delicate: "I'm full." 

Full? 

That's what I eat. 

Jinlong looks at the little mermaid in front of her abdomen. 

Such a little food is not enough to stuff his teeth. His little guy is full. 

In the memory of inheritance, little dragons who eat only a little bit are congenital diseases. 

The sea demon should be about the same. 

I love the little guy that he keeps. Jinlong must take good care of him. 

So, he slowly took away the dragon's claw which had been protecting Shiqing, and coaxed him softly: "you see, there are so many small fish here. When you are full, you can move." 

"How about chasing them for a while? They'll play with you." 

In my memory, if Bruce Lee's body is not good, he will eat more and play more, and he will gradually become stronger. 

Jinlong has been a strong little dragon cub since he was born. He is the only one left in the dragon family, and there is no dragon to eat with him. He wants to eat what he wants. He is two circles fatter than the biggest and fattest dragon in the inheritance memory. 

Without this kind of experience, he can only try to remember how the little dragons played in the inheritance memory. 

In fact, it's similar to the dragon. 

They are chasing other creatures. They play when they catch them and eat when they are happy. 

Eating while playing takes up most of the time. 

Although his little dragon spits the bead not to have the big lethality, but does not matter, he will be nearby to watch all the time. 

Jinlong is confident that if these little fish dare to attack his offspring, he can stop them immediately. 

Thinking, his voice became softer: 

"don't be afraid of them, I will always look at you." 

As the dragon's claw that covered Shiqing moved away, the sea creatures in front of them were watching the sea monsters appear in front of them 

Mom, mom!! 

Help!!! 

As usual, so many hunters, even sea monsters, have to weigh it. 

But now there are golden dragons in the back 

The little mermaid is eager to try and swing her tail, and looks at these big creatures with bad intentions. 

All kinds of sharks, killer whales: -- 

The sea area surrounded by the dragon body immediately became a riot. Various kinds of fish were searched and swam anxiously, and some were forced to jump out of the sea. 

Of course, jump out and fall. 

And then again, in the fear of being chased. 

They used to chase their prey in groups, but now they have experienced the fear of being chased. 

On the island, Zeng Nan and they were staring at the fluttering sea area, and there was a shark that they saw was about to escape and was forced to jump out of the sea. 

Mom, is this giant hunting?? 

When Qing chased them to exercise their own speed, it was not under the claws. 

After all, although the sea is predatory, except for some bad creatures, such as sea monsters, other creatures will attack other creatures to find food when they are hungry. 

He doesn't eat them. He just plays after them. 

But in the eyes of the golden dragon, who is guarding the little mermaid without blinking, the little mermaid is weak and runs slowly. 

I haven't caught any fish after chasing for so long. 

But it doesn't matter. The little mermaid is kept by him. If you can't catch it, you won't be hungry. 

In a deep-sea beast eager to call their mother, they scrambled for their lives to escape from the fish killing demon sea demon behind them. 

Jinlong is in a good mood to look at this scene, if the image in his mind to do a concrete word. 

Maybe it's a fat white baby with unstable road. She is catching butterflies in the flowers with a small net. 

It's the kind of kid who falls down at any time. 

A great white shark was scared by Shiqing and ran out from the sea demon. 

The great white shark is a little farsighted. In a panic, they run directly to the dragon face of Jinlong. 

Then, he saw the beast in front of him showing his sharp teeth and threatening: 

"you scared my cub, swim slowly for me!" 

Great white shark: 

Its instinct makes its eyes turn inward in the face of danger to protect its eyes from being hurt by the other party. This is the skill of great white sharks, because there is a layer of diaphragm above the eyes, which is extremely convenient to do. 

However, in the eyes of Jinlong, it is this great white shark that turns its eyes in contempt. 

Jinlong: "is it..." 

What do you mean, even with his support, these little fish that can be crushed to death by him still look down on his little dragon spitting beads?! 

He was stunned for several seconds before he opened his mouth and sucked the great white shark into his mouth with the sea water in front of him.After eating, the Golden Dragon came out of the water, only showing its head, and sent out the long dragon chant that declared sovereignty for the first time in tens of thousands of years. 

"-" 

the most powerful part of the Dragon itself is not * *, and the whole sea surface is rolling. 

Even Zeng Nan on the bank covered their ears in pain and had to squat down and wait for the dragon to sing in the past. 

Until no more sound, a group of talented people with a trance of staggering, mutual support to stand up. 

Zeng Nan patted his ears that were still buzzing, and felt that he was going to be shocked by the sound. 

"What just happened? My mother, my ear hurts 

"I don't know. I felt the ground shaking just now. It's not an earthquake." 

Everyone spoke out loud. 

No, the ears just shaken don't know what they're talking about. 

Zeng Nan has calmed down: "it's the guy we saw just now." 

A bunch of people are stupid. 

The body of this thing is so big and its voice is still so strong. This is against the weather. 

This all catch up with the last sound wave, so far away they can be made like this, if really close, they still have to be shocked to death. 

A little younger brother was a little afraid: "boss, let's not withdraw, the things in the sea are too strange." 

"Where to withdraw? Here, they may be killed by monsters. On shore, they must starve to death. " 

Zeng Nan just patted his ears, heard that voice came again, quickly and loudly: "cover your ears!! Get down! Get down 

A group of people are down. 

There was confusion and panic in my heart. 

What is this thing doing? Is it intended to use his voice to shock all the creatures around him to death? 

When the water was not disturbed, Shiqing watched the hunters who were fleeing for their lives and got into the claws of the dragon with their tails swinging. 

As soon as he felt his little dragon spit beads into the dragon's claws, Jinlong immediately shook off the dragon's tail. 

Before returning to the water, he couldn't help repeating a long Longyin: 

- "no one should look down on my baby, which is weak and small!" 

- "or I'll eat you





 Shi Qing was just watching the Dragon spit beads thrown away by the dragon in front of him. 

Moreover, the dragon is still working hard to hide his guilty feelings. On the one hand, it seems to have no trace. In fact, because of his huge body, the Dragon moves conspicuously to block the direction of the dragon's Pearl spitting, while trying to coax the dragon to clear the deep sea: 

"I collected a lot of big pearls, all kinds of colors, hidden in the trench below, Shall we go and have a look? " 

Shi Qing said: 

The little mermaid swung her tail, white tender tender arm pointed to the direction of the Dragon spitting beads, and the voice was tender: "isn't that yours?" 

Jinlong's face is stiff again. 

Except for the little mermaid, Zhai long, who has never communicated with others, has a blank brain. He is hesitating and does not know how to say it. 

Do you want to say, "yes, that's my dragon spit, but it means you're not my baby.". 

No way. 

No. 

Jinlong decides not to admit it. His beard is floating in the water with a guilty heart. His tail is stiff. His two bright golden eyes are looking at the little mermaid in front of him sincerely. 

"I don't remember." 

As soon as Shi Qing saw the golden dragon, he looked at himself and wanted to laugh. He held the dragon claw nearest to him and rubbed it with his tender face. His voice was delicate. 

"you have a bad memory. When I saw you, it was in your mouth." 

"It should be something very important to you, or you should put it in your mouth when you sleep." 

Jinlong: 

He racked his brain and choked out a sentence: "when I wake up, it's you in my mouth." 

So, the most important thing is you. 

With this sentence, the first time Longsheng said such sarcastic words, Jinlong was shy. The long tail of the dragon was no longer rolled up, but lay flat and roll, rubbing against the big stones under the sea. 

The sea creatures were swimming slowly beside the stone when suddenly a huge dragon tail came down from the sky and banged against the stone. 

Stone silent split, very tragic broken a ground. 

These creatures are stunned. They have no time to think and swim away. 

Mom! 

There are monsters here! 

The Golden Dragon above doesn't know what trouble his shy "rubbing" stone has brought to other fish. He is still rubbing for a while, waiting for the response of the little mermaid. 

A look up, the little mermaid has disappeared. 

He quickly turned around and ran after the beautiful silver tail that was swinging. He didn't dare to move too much, so he could only swim slowly. 

When Qing swung his tail, he swam to the Dragon spitting beads. 

This dragon spit bead is really big and round. Although it is only as big as a mermaid, don't forget the big tail of Shiqing. 

The proportion of his upper body is about the same as that of human beings, but the tail part is two meters long, which means that the round dragon spits more than one meter high. 

At the moment, it is quietly lying in the sea water, round appearance suffused with fluorescence. 

Shi Qing swam down, stretched out his arms and held it up again. He turned and looked at Mingming, who was very big, but just looked aggrieved. 

The little mermaid's voice was delicate, holding a huge pearl and asking Jinlong, "what's the use of this?" 

When Jinlong was asked by his Mermaid, he immediately put aside the grievance that had just been thrown away. He replied happily and earnestly: 

"it can light up and play." 

Shi Qing said: 

He held the big pearl, swung his tail and swam to the dragon's claw. He raised his white face and asked, "does it have no other use?" 

Little mermaid lying on the whole on the Pearl, trying to look inside, beautiful long hair, the crown is more and more shining by the pearl light. 

"I think there's something in this." 

"Do you have any?" 

Jinlong's curious low and huge dragon head also followed him. It seemed that after adapting to its own light, he could see something vaguely inside. 

But because the pearl is bright, the things inside are also bright. During the period of Xiaolong, Jinlong didn't go to see it because it was too bright. When he grew up, he didn't see it because it was too small. He didn't find it for tens of thousands of years. 

He blinked his big dragon eyes curiously: "what is this?" 

When Qing swam to one of his dragon whiskers, he grabbed and played, while teasing him: "isn't this big Pearl always following you?" 

Yes, but he didn't notice anything inside. 

In the memory of inheritance, each dragon has a dragon spit bead, which is basically grasped on the claws or held in the mouth when sleeping. 

As for why they did this, of course, they were afraid of being robbed by other dragons. 

Especially those who rely on their own age, the young dragon body is young, the big dragon dare not fight the little dragon cubs, one by one is more mischievous.Of course, they are afraid that their own dragon spit beads will be robbed, but not how they think it will be. 

After all, every Dragon knows that it's very important for a dragon to spit beads, but what's the specific importance? No dragon knows. They protect their own dragon's spitting beads. It's purely possessive. 

Every Dragon is born with the same idea. 

That is: no one is allowed to touch my things. 

I passed a sea area, and this sea area is mine. 

I ate a big ice shrimp, and this iceberg is mine. 

If I extend it a little bit, it is my dragon claws stepping on the sea water, so the whole sea is mine! 

All in all, it is a sentence: overbearing and unreasonable. 

The problem is that there is a large group of equally unreasonable people. 

More than 100000 years ago, there were still many dragons in the dragon clan. When people were in conflict, they could fight or fight. Their desire for possession could also be suppressed by the force of the same clan. 

But when we got to Jinlong. 

He is the only dragon left in the dragon clan. There is no creature on the sea that is more powerful than him, and no creature can win him. 

Therefore, at the bottom of Jinlong's heart, the whole sea belongs to him. 

The little mermaid lives in the sea. 

Of course, it's also his. 

No problem. 

In this way, Jinlong's guilty heart became more and more righteous. He tried to stare at longan and hold the dragon's beads with his claws. 

Shi Qing sits on the dragon's beard in the sea water and looks at the Golden Dragon shaking the huge pearl curiously. 

The little mermaid came over, holding the Pearl. On her beautiful face, her pointed nose rubbed against it, and said to the golden dragon, "it has your taste." 

It's not strange to have him. 

Before that, he put the Dragon spit in his mouth. 

The Golden Dragon swayed for a few times and didn't show any interest. 

He pretended that nothing had happened and continued to ask Shi Qing, "let's go and have a look at my collection of big pearls." 

But the little mermaid shook her head, her beautiful hair floating slightly, and her white face was full of eager to try: 

"I want to see my human friends." 

Jinlong: "is it..." 

He forgot about it. 

Not willing to run to find other creatures, the Golden Dragon said: "what is the fun of human beings, what do you want to play with me, I can accompany you to play." 

With that, he quickly leaned forward and caught a passing jellyfish, and then raised it to Shiqing to ask for credit: 

"you see, this little fish is also very interesting." 

The poor jellyfish tried to escape from the claw, but the hard dragon claw held it tightly and handed it to the sea demon. 

Looking at the jellyfish trying to find a way to escape, the Golden Dragon shared with his little mermaid: 

"you see, how beautiful it is to dance." 

At the same time, he poked the jellyfish with his fingernails, learning from what other dragons had done to the deep-sea creatures more than 100000 years ago, and threatened: 

"keep jumping, and you will be eaten if you don't jump." 

Jellyfish: It's punctured. It's dead. It's dead. 

Shi Qing took a look at the poor jellyfish, sat on the dragon's spit beads, stretched out her arms and hugged the big dragon claws. She was pitiful and delicate: 

"I want to see my human friend, I don't want to see it dance." 

Jinlong immediately throws the jellyfish away and shakes its tail anxiously, trying to tell all kinds of disadvantages of human beings: 

"they..." 

He really doesn't know what's wrong with humans. 

After all, he has been sleeping for tens of thousands of years, and has occasionally taken the head to eat. 

Jinlong uttered a Chi Chi: "you are so small, how can they bully you?" 

Obviously, he directly ignored the fact that human beings are smaller than the mermaid in front of him. 

The little mermaid was still holding the dragon's claws and humming: "but I just want to see it." 

"I just want to see it." 

"To see, to see." 

In this world, no dragon can resist the coquetry of Shiqing. 

Although there is only one dragon in the world. 

The golden dragon was defeated and reluctantly sent his little mermaid to the sea. 

Shi Qing has been sitting on the Dragon spit beads. When he sees the golden sun shining through the sea, he moves his tail to block the sun and looks down at the big Pearl sitting there. 

Inside, with the light of the outside world, long Tuzhu's own light is not bright, but faintly reveals a blonde with closed eyes. 

The beautiful man hugs his legs into a circle, closes his eyes tightly, and his facial features incline to the West. Although this pair of body has been in the Dragon spit beads for tens of thousands of years, he has a very good figure. He can see his abdominal muscles and strong arms. 

More than 100000 years ago, as the overlord in the deep sea, the dragon clan is the pride of heaven, and it is a collection of thousands of doting. 

This world not only gives them the ability to dominate in the deep sea, but also gives them the body to go ashore.It's a pity that no dragon likes to run out of the sea. Even if it comes out, it's with a dragon spitting in its mouth rather than directly shining in the sun. For more than 100000 years, no dragon has found that the Dragon spitting beads they accompany are actually equivalent to their second body. 

With a flick of her tail, the little mermaid went to the shallow sea full of sunshine. 

Jinlong didn't notice that the sun showed something else when the Dragon vomited. He was wronged to follow him and looked up at his cub facing the sea. 

When the Qing Dynasty arrived at the sea, he looked down at the dragon's spitting beads in his claws. He was used to putting them in his mouth. His claws were all handed to his mouth and stopped. 

No, this is where his cubs live. 

The dragon's claws in front of him also belong to his cubs. 

So, in the sea water, Jinlong tried to pan his body and turned the dragon's spitting pearl to the back claw to catch it. 

On the sea, when Shiqing jumped out of the water, I could just see a boat rowing in the sea. 

Counting the time, they have been at the bottom of the sea for more than five hours. 

So this is the female owner. Are they fishing? 

He sniffed his nose, the smell of blood mixed in the sea breeze. 

Unlike the bloody smell of fish, it was stronger and more uncomfortable to him. 

The nature of the sea demon is to kill, which makes his teeth itch. 

Although the women's servants are a bit stupid, they are 100% loyal to her. It is impossible to fight internally. This ship belongs to the female Lord again. 

Shi Qing reviewed the original plot. 

The female Lord has met the danger, but was saved by the sea demon, she just slowly relaxed her vigilance. 

Then he was killed by the sea monster. 

Bad luck. 

Zeng Nan was really unlucky. 

I don't know if it's because I can't find any food because I don't know what the hell it is. 

They are not afraid of starvation today, but the younger brother who can see the weather says that there should be a rainstorm tomorrow. 

It won't be a day of hunger. 

Can't help, Zeng Nan can only gritted his teeth and took his little brother to sea. 

It turned out to be such a bad luck to meet a pirate. 

Now that the ship is robbed, it's OK. I'm afraid the pirates will kill people directly. 

There's no law now. 

Zeng Nan didn't know whether to be glad that no one knew that she was a woman. Otherwise, if the pirate who had not seen a woman for a long time knew her identity, she might not only die, but also be disgusted before she died. 

She was kneeling on the boat, tied and escorted by all kinds of flowers. She was gnashing her teeth and listening to all kinds of chuckles as the pirates searched for the things on their boats. 

"These kids are very tender. They look better than the one we caught last time." 

"No, especially their boss, who looks rough and tender." 

Zeng Nan hated him more. 

Obviously, this time they met a pirate who could eat two legged sheep. 

She sat on the ground in silence, but a dagger slipped out of her sleeve and fell silently on the rope that bound her hands. 

This time, they were also careless, because they were the only ones in the sea area, and there were only five of them in this fishing. 

The other side was so numerous and good at water that they were caught off guard. 

But it's not sure who will win. 

Zeng Nan was cutting the rope in silence when he heard the sound of something coming out of the water. 

- whoa. 

The mermaid's beautiful face came out of the water. Her long and beautiful fingers caught the boat and floated in the water. She looked at her own pirates with gaping eyes. Her good-looking eyes turned to Zeng Nan and her head was crooked. 

Zeng Nan: 

How to forget this ancestor. 

But the pirates didn't know that Mermaid existed. They just yelled: 

"how can there be a man in the water!" 

"There is really a man who is very beautiful. Hello! Boy, is this your man? " 

The pirate leader stood up and looked at the beautiful boy with a pair of clear eyes in the water. His face was excited. 

"I didn't expect that there are such beauties in such a partial place. Hurry up and let me play." 

Zeng Nan rejected Mermaid because she thought the innocent and harmless of mermaid was pretending. 

In this deep sea, if mermaid is really what he shows, how can it survive. 

But now, looking at Bai Jing's face at a loss, as if she did not know about the coming situation of the beautiful mermaid, she could not bear it. 

Zeng Nan gritted his teeth and said to the mermaid, "what are you doing? Run! If they catch you, you're done! " 

What will happen to a mermaid if it falls into the hands of human beings? It's nothing more than anatomical research. It's certainly not good.Mermaid is still a face dazed to turn to look at her. 

She was very happy. She picked up the diamond necklace hanging around her neck and handed it to Zeng Nan. Her voice was tender and tender. It was the same as when she was sitting on the beach and told her to come down and play: 

"you see, it's not good." 

Zeng Nan: 

Now she really felt that this was a really harmless Mermaid. 

She gritted her teeth and continued: "you're stupid, run quickly!" 

"Hello! What are you beeping for 

The pirates were good underwater men, but they didn't worry about their prey running away. They kicked Zeng Nan and reached out to catch the beautiful beauty leaning against the boat. 

Whoa - 

in the sun, it looks like a long silvery tail shining in front of the pirates. 

"Mermaid 

At last, like Zeng Nan, Shi Qing was tied to his upper body and leaned against the boat, watching the pirates discussing how much to sell him. 

And the pirate offered to take a bite of his meat and was beaten back by the pirate leader. 

"I want to eat meat and eat two legged sheep! I want to sell this mermaid 

He sat quietly, his beautiful face still without sadness or joy, as if he really did not know the world. 

"Ah 

Zeng Nan next to him called in a low voice. Seeing the mermaid turning her head to look at herself, she lowered her voice carefully: 

"you grew up in the sea, how much skill should you have?" 

"How about you? I'm sure I'll repay you, sure! " 

"Don't be quiet. Do you know where they're going to send you? They're going to sell you. It's terrible." 

Unfortunately, no matter what Zeng Nan said, mermaid just looked at her quietly. Her beautiful eyes were as bright as the crown on her head. 

It's bright, but it doesn't respond. 

One side of the injured brother fell on the ground in a hard whisper: "boss, no way, you see him like this, where does he seem to have the ability." 

"Yes, boss. His hands are younger than mine, his nails are shorter than mine, his teeth are even and whiter than I am, and they are beautiful. It's harmless to see him. If you expect him, it's better for us to help ourselves." 

Zeng Nan twisted his eyebrows and murmured to himself, "it shouldn't be." 

Is her judgment wrong? 

But how can the creatures living in the sea really have no lethality. 

"What are you talking about? You're going to die and talk so much!" 

A pirate came up and swore a few words, and his eyes fell on the crown on Shi Qing's head. 

"A fish, still wearing this thing." 

He reached out for it and was dodged by the mermaid. 

The pirate sneered and reached for it again, this time. 

On the mermaid's beautiful face, the expression gradually became ugly. 

Zeng Nan was pleased: "are you angry? Come on! Kill them 

She knew! 

Mermaid can survive in the sea, there must be two sons! 

Then she saw the mermaid staring at the pirates. 

Take a deep breath 

-- he began to cry. 

While crying, but also shouting: "you bully me, I told my father to kill you." 

Zeng Nan: 

Zeng Nan: 

What's up??? 

Dad?? 

You are a sea creature! 

Will be bullied will only hum!! 

Still called Dad, is this a kindergarten kid? ! 

what kind of ghost was she guarding against before? Did she fight bravely with the air?!! 

Your father is just a mermaid, no matter how powerful he is?? 

Obviously, the pirate was also amused, laughing wildly: "well, you call your father to come, and we'll go and grab it. You and my son will stew fish soup together!" 

The little mermaid's cry is bigger, in the sound wave which human can't hear, his pitiful cry pierces the water surface and reaches the bottom of the water. 

Under the water, Jinlong, who is quietly waiting for his cub to come back, is stunned first, then gets angry and rushes to the surface of the water. 

Zeng Nan was in a trance of "I saw a mermaid, this Mermaid can speak human words, and my father just can't fight". Her younger brother, who was struggling to climb up half of her body, suddenly trembled and called her: "old, old..." 

Zeng Nan subconsciously raised his eyes, only to see a piece of gold. 

She raised her head, lifted it again, and continued to lift it to the highest level, and then she came up with a long golden dragon body that seemed to reach the sky, and the big dragon head that seemed to cover the sky. 

Jinlong opened his mouth angrily: 

"-" 

all the people on the boat who were singing with the Dragon fell down, and the sea water was shaking with the sound of the Dragon chant. 

Zeng Nan found that even their ropes were broken.Then, with her own eyes, she watched the little mermaid open her white arms at the giant golden dragon in front of her, and cried out pitifully: 

"Dad." 

Zeng Nan: 

The ears on the ship were still working. The others who were trembling and were about to die of fear were as follows: 

What about teasing them??? 

The father of a mermaid 

Is it a dragon???





 Jinlong is angry. 

When he heard his little mermaid crying, he was so angry that he wanted to swallow the whole sea. 

By the time he reached out from the sea and saw the Little Mermaid Sitting on the boat with tears on her cheeks, and pitifully opening her arms at him, his brain was filled with anger. 

These people!!! 

How can these humans treat his little mermaid like this!! 

His cub is a fish!! 

They forced his cub to go ashore!! 

Yes, in Jinlong's eyes, this boat is the shore. 

Places without water are dangerous for fish. 

Even a mermaid!! 

He roared, and with a flick of his tail he smashed the boat to pieces. 

The people on the boat also occupied the light of Shiqing. Jinlong was afraid to hurt his little mermaid, so he didn't directly lower his tail in this direction. 

Because the boat capsized, the people on the boat were hit into the water. They could swim, but there was no danger to their lives. 

But they were scared to death. 

Zeng Nan and they are OK, because everyone is tied hands and feet, patronizing in the water suffocating. 

She took the opportunity to cut the rope and tried to open her eyes in the water to rescue her subordinates. 

Those who get their heads out of the water in the first place are not so lucky. 

As soon as they emerged, they met the golden dragon, which moved the tap down. 

Pirates: -- 

Jinlong's body is long, let alone the dragon head 

Well, his eyes are bigger. 

You can imagine how thrilling it is to face such a giant beast. 

You're scared to death, OK!! 

However, they were scared to death, but Jinlong did not pay attention to them. 

He is full of hope to pick up his own cubs, as for these humans, anyway, they will never escape from the sea. 

Even though Shi Qing's appearance was so weak, he was also a sea demon. When the boat overturned, he easily found a piece of broken wood and sat on it. Seeing the Golden Dragon carefully stretching out its claws to himself, the villain fish sat in smoothly. 

Then, he looked at the pirates rowing on the sea, gently opened his lips, and the beautiful song floated out of his throat. 

The sea demon's song always has a charm, as if in enticing the person who hears to approach him. 

The eyes of the pirates, who were still struggling on the sea, gradually faded. Everyone saw the sheep they ate. 

These are only white bones. The human beings who died in the hands of the same kind seem to have turned into ghosts, floating in the sea water, and smiling at them with a pale smile. 

"Ah 

A scream reverberated on the sea, and the pirates were convulsed and sank to the bottom of the sea with terror on their faces. 

Clearly conscious still sober, but just can't move. 

Can only so twitch, watch oneself drown. 

Jinlong watched these people lose their signs of life. He looked at the Mermaid Sitting in his dragon's claws and singing softly. 

As expected, it is true that the inheritance of memory said that the sea demon singing is bad. 

After all, although he can't understand, but these people can prove it. 

Although he knew that those sea monsters who were beaten by other creatures because of their bad singing in the inheritance memory are not their own cubs, Jinlong is still very distressed. 

Just think about it. When the cub didn't know him, he would be beaten by other creatures because of his bad singing. He would like to swallow the fish in the whole sea. 

He was more distressed when he thought that the little mermaid would be afraid to be beaten because he liked singing but didn't dare to sing. 

His poor whelp, how hard it was to restrain the singing nature of the sea demon. 

How did he know? 

Don't you see the little mermaid only dare to sing on his dragon claws?! 

Jinlong was afraid that his cubs would feel inferior because of the bad singing. He quickly went over and drove the dead to the bottom of the sea. 

Pretending that these people were all killed by themselves. JPG 

it's not that the cubs sing too bad and they die. JPG 

regardless, destroying the corpse can pretend nothing happened. JPG 

confirming that there is no evidence of the mermaid singing bad, Jinlong immediately boasted: 

"nice to hear, so nice to hear!" 

"My son is very good!" 

Shi Qing lifted his lips and stretched out his delicate arms. He held the Dragon claws and rubbed them. He said, "it's very kind of you." 

Jinlong: 

Whelp said he was so nice!The anger at the bottom of his heart rubbed away for a moment, leaving only joy. 

As soon as he was happy, the dragon's tail in the water couldn't help rubbing up and down. 

And in the eyes of people in the water 

A second ago, this dragon tail just killed several people. 

According to the strength, it was like smashing the pirates into meat. 

After a second, the sea was stirred by violence. 

This! This is to create a whirlpool and drown them alive! 

Zeng Nan, who was rescuing his subordinates one by one, hastened to speed up. He tried to make gestures in the muddy sea water caused by the stirring of the dragon's tail, indicating that they would follow him to leave the place. 

At least wait until you are far away from this giant golden dragon. 

She didn't want to take her subordinates and turn them into mud. 

But in fact, as long as he wants, even if these human beings run to the shore, they can't escape his pursuit. 

He didn't catch it, just because he didn't want it. 

The little mermaid hummed and hawed, "I came to play with my friends. Just now those bad guys caught us, and they said they would eat me." 

"So I killed them." 

With that, the little mermaid cocked up her beautiful tail and gently rubbed the meat pad on the dragon's claws. Her eyes were moist and her pink lips, who had just sung the song of death, put them on a dragon finger and gave a kiss. 

The voice is still so delicate: "fortunately you are in, otherwise they will definitely eat me." 

Boom! 

Even for Jinlong, the little mermaid's little relatives are almost invisible, but his brain is still in a mess. 

His little mermaid! 

Kiss him!! 

He is!! 

Yes! 

In Jinlong's memory, only those who want to have sex will kiss each other on the neck. 

Little mermaid, do you want to have sex with him! 

There was nothing to see on his big dragon face, but the long tail of the sea was already pounding. 

After successfully mixing the sea water, Jinlong is a little shy to think that he also wants to have sex with Xiaozai. 

After shyness, Jinlong suddenly comes up with a question. 

But when he was born, he had a vague consciousness that he would be the last dragon in the world. 

In other words, he is a sterile dragon. 

Will the mermaid dislike him? 

Does he feel useless because he can't have dragons or mermaids? 

There should be other sea monsters in the sea. 

Jinlong remembers that in the inheritance memory, the sea demon cub will be very small at first. 

So what if he steals a siren cub to pretend it's theirs. 

In less than a minute, Jinlong has thought about the measures he should take to deal with the sea demon cubs he stole in case they find their partner. 

When Jinlong was thinking about this and that, Shi Qing was comfortably lying in his dragon claws, enjoying the happiness of the sun directly shining down on his body. 

Otherwise, standing high and looking far away, he could see the back of Zeng Nan and their several struggling balas from this angle. 

Zeng Nan and some of them are really swimming. 

And according to their judgment, it should take at least three hours to swim back, and there is no guarantee that we will not lose our way. 

It's also good that Zeng Nan pulled a board just now. If they are tired, they can take turns to rest. When they are hungry, they dive down to catch fish. When they are thirsty, they will 

If you are thirsty, you should bear with it. The more you drink, the more thirsty you are. 

It seems that the sound of the Dragon chant just now seems to scare away all the large fish around, and only one runs slowly. 

They have to deal with underwater danger. 

A subordinate turned his head carefully and saw that the golden dragon was still standing on his upper body. His huge body directly covered the sun. 

He gulped his saliva: "boss, you said that the dragon should not catch up, we did not bully the mermaid." 

"Yes, isn't that Mermaid very fond of you? Maybe it will help to say good things. " 

"But I still can't figure out why such a big dragon's child is a mermaid? Do they have anything in common except scales? " 

It's hard to say the difference in body size alone. It's not a problem of reproductive isolation any more. It's totally unscientific! 

Zeng Nan, who swam in a puff of Chi, said: 

How does she know! 

If she had known that the mermaid had such a large backing, what else would she have been guarding against? She must have been trying her best to please each other. 

If there is such a big dragon, they can be said to walk horizontally in the sea.But 

In retrospect, he thought that mermaid was deliberately pretending to be weak to deceive himself. Although he didn't show anything on the surface, he was always on guard at the bottom of his heart, and he seldom accepted mermaid's kindness. Zeng Nan wanted to give himself two big mouths. 

Let's blind you! Let's blind you! 

How can we forget that this world is not only human race, but also non-human race! 

Let loose such a big golden thigh!! 

But my heart is killing her!! 

I don't know if there is any chance to remedy it. 

Zeng Nan secretly vowed that the next time, when the mermaid came again, she would certainly play up 120000 spirit and make the other party as an ancestor. 

She remembered that the mermaid seemed to like to invite her down to play in the water. 

Next time she must be in the water. 

No more blind brain tonic! 

Ding! Zeng Nan's rejection rate: 49 out of 100] 

the system was shocked. 

What about this repulsion? Last time, it was more than 90?? 

It comes out Ah ] 

facing the mosaic in front of the eyes, the system squats back in silence. 

The bottom of my heart is not calm. 

Small data, big doubts. 

Jinlong is so big, the host? 

It is confused with doubts. 

How did you do it?? 

Can't a fish really die?? 

The system hide back, naturally did not notice that the mosaic it saw before is not as big as a building. 

It's big, though.





 Because the little mermaid was in danger, and the golden dragon, who had been exposed to the sun for a long time with the dragon's vomit beads, used his human body for the first time. 

The Golden Dragon's body slowly fell into the sea water. At the same time, a golden haired man appeared from the dragon's spitting beads. 

His facial features incline to the west, deep golden eyes, high nose, slightly thin lips, and with curly, just to the shoulder of the beautiful golden hair. 

Jinlong looked down at his claws, not his hands. 

The claws moved, and his fingers moved. 

If you swing your head again, the dragon beard seems to be gone. 

Jinlong is a little flustered. 

Xiaozai likes his dragon whiskers and claws best. 

At a loss, the little mermaid came. 

When Qing white face with joy, a happy to embrace him, intimate with the tip of his nose rub his face. 

Jinlong forgot about the fact that his dragon claws were gone in a moment, and his pretty face also showed a smile, learning from the appearance of a little mermaid, gently rubbing against him. 

The little mermaid's white and tender cheeks turned red. 

dragon is worthy of the dragon of ten million years, and even the spare human body is awesome. 

Not only can breathe in the sea water, as if even the lethality has not changed. 

Most importantly, the appearance is too high. 

The same expression, in the huge dragon head, that is Han Han. 

But fell into this pair of human body, watching the handsome lips slightly raised, beautiful golden eyes seemed to be filled with stars, the instinct of sea demon was ready to move. 

The sea demon instinct, after staring at the human that he likes, will tempt each other. When the other party trusts them, he will drag them to the bottom of the sea. 

Knowing that human beings can't survive in water, they like to do it. 

In fact, few people know that there is a prerequisite for sea monsters to kill human beings cruelly. 

Every siren will love a human. 

is probably as like as two peas in the dark sea, the sea monster is always different from other fish, but the humans on the shore have the same upper half structure as they do. 

And they also have emotions, and they can speak language. 

Therefore, liking human beings can be regarded as the tradition of sea demon for thousands of years. 

It's just that their preferences are often different from what humans perceive to like. 

They will do everything possible to lure people and drag them into the deep sea. 

At this time, humans without oxygen will struggle desperately, but they can't swim ashore, because the siren will hold the humans tightly with their tails and continue to drag them toward the dark deep sea. 

In the process, enough of an adult female siren has left a child in her abdomen. 

Now, the little mermaid is rocking her beautiful silver white tail, slowly showing a smile in the sea and hooking at the blonde human. 

The blonde immediately seemed to be bewitched. Subconsciously, he swam in his direction and grabbed the mermaid's hand in the water. 

Almost immediately, the mermaid's long tail wrapped around each other, pulling him toward the deep sea. 

His white arm was hanging around the neck of the blonde, his cheek was clinging to each other's shoulder, his small face was up, and his beautiful eyes were looking at the blonde. 

Mermaid's tail seems to be afraid, with the winding in the gentle trembling, a shudder. 

He slightly opened his moist lips, and bubbles in the water rose to the sea surface with his breath. 

The eyes of the golden haired man are clear. He did not struggle, but slowly fell into the deep sea along the strength of the little mermaid. Among them, the golden eyes were always staring at each other. 

He didn't know why he was like this, and he didn't know whether he could change back. 

It's just subconscious. I've guarded my treasure. 

The blonde felt the fishtail curling around him more and more forcefully, and was shivering against him. 

The little mermaid raised her slender neck, and her delicate arms hanging around his neck were also forced in. 

"Dad..." 

His voice was thin and tender, with a tremolo. 

With this trill, the mermaid and he landed in the dark deep sea. 

The little mermaid's tail trembled, powerless to release the grasp of the golden haired human hand, originally slowly wrapped around his body's fish tail also released its strength. 

He continued to fall, but the golden haired man did not die in the deep sea like the ones that the sea monsters had seen in the past. 

Instead, he swam to the bottom of the little mermaid with a clear attitude and held him with strong arms. 

The little mermaid was not surprised to lean in his arms, satisfied with the appearance of the foot. 

Even if he became a human, he did not lack the skills that golden dragon should have.The blonde man moved his nose slightly and felt that there was something else in the sea. 

Not until he wants to understand that the mermaid, who was content to rely on his arms, has recovered with the strong constitution of the sea demon. 

He jerked another force and continued to pull the other side down. 

The more the dark room system thinks about it, the more it thinks it should come out and remind the host to be safe. 

Happiness can. 

But life matters. 

This is no longer a problem that can be solved by co-ordination. 

It's a good size. 

Just came out, the system saw a mosaic again. 

And vaguely, you can see the host hand on the mosaic. 

Don't ask why it recognizes. 

It's the nature of the siren that at some point the claws hidden in the hand will come out to ensure that the prey does not run away. 

Although Shiqing didn't have to do this, his prey couldn't run. 

The system quietly maintained the suspicion of Tongsheng and squatted back. 

My host is really omnipotent. JPG 

just lie down and win, regardless of science or unscientific. JPG 

in the host dictionary, there are no words "scientific" and "reasonable". JPG 

the system has been waiting. 

After waiting for three hours, he felt that it was almost time and came out to have a look. 

And then he was scared back by the mosaic. 

Eight hours later, thinking about it, it came out again. 

Then he went back in silence. 

The next day, the third day, the fourth day 

System: [ ] 

the world is terrible. 

It should not have chosen a non-human body for its host. 

No, when does it have a choice. 

On the seventh day, the system was able to take a look without expression, and then stare back at the mosaic full of data. 

On the eighth day, the system finally gave up the struggle. 

After all, it has checked all the data in the past eight days, and has self explained the current phenomenon. 

The sea demon itself is an amorous race. 

And promiscuity, of course, needs the support of hardware conditions. 

Plus the dragon nature book. 

These two sides together, it is a collusion, no, it is a match. 

In particular, both of them are the people who eat a meal for a long time, and they don't have to worry about eating, drinking and starving. In addition, they have a strong deterrent force. They don't even have a shrimp around them. 

Is it possible to mosaic for such a long time without external interference and internal harmony? 

Fortunately, on the tenth day, Shiqing was satisfied. 

He nests comfortably in the arms of the golden haired human. The nature of the sea demon makes him cling to each other even when he has reached the bottom of the sea. 

Even if he doesn't run, he has to be entangled. 

Blonde humans don't think there's any strength in breaking the bones of a living creature. Instead, they think. 

This is his little mermaid. 

It's lovely. 

The nature of the dragon made him hold the little mermaid tightly and asked softly: 

"are you hungry?" 

Shiqing is not really hungry, but he is full of warm thoughts. 

He felt that they could warm themselves up and then continue to think about it. 

The delicate little mermaid entangles the golden haired human with the strength that can hoop the dead. On the other hand, she leans on his arms with softness and weakness: 

"I want to eat human food." 

The gentle look on the face of the fair haired man was immediately a little reluctant. 

"If you don't want to bully us, we will not be able to bully you." 

He has this confidence. 

What else could he not catch in the sea. 

Shi Qing: "I want to eat rice." 

The blonde man: 

An hour later, the little mermaid held hands with him and emerged from the sea. 

In the middle, he passed by the golden dragon, who looked like he was sleeping, lying quietly in the sea with his body folded. 

Not to mention the fish around, even a crab was scared away. 

Shi qingben said to let him go back to his dragon. He was not willing to let him go back to his own dragon. He only grasped the mermaid's hand and snorted for a long time before he used the beautiful face to say the words of tiger and Wolf: "you can't * * when you go back.". 

As a result, Zeng Nan, who was basking in seafood by the sea, suddenly heard the familiar shouts on this day. 

"I want rice." 

Delicate, with a sense of innocence. 

Zeng Nan was so happy that he looked up. Sure enough, he saw that in the sea full of waves, the little mermaid put his beautiful silvery tail on the stone, and sat on it, lifting his chin slightly, looking upright and strong.If before, Zeng Nan still had doubts. 

But now 

"Ah! I'll get it for you right away 

As soon as she finished, she noticed that there was a man next to the little mermaid, with golden hair and golden eyes, and a strong figure. She could only see the upper body, but the momentum was quite amazing. 

She asked curiously, "who is next to you?" 

The little mermaid was even more proud. She swayed her beautiful tail slightly, cocked up her mouth and boasted, "this is my partner." 

Partner 

Zeng Nan looked up and down at the ordinary looking human in front of him. 

Then think of the mermaid that light dragon eyes are twice as big, a claw down to be able to beat several people into meat mud. 

Such a man, how dare to bubble the son of that dragon 

Zeng Nan: 

She held out her thumb at the blonde and said, "cow!"





 On the seashore full of the sound of waves, the little mermaid carries a bowl of rice and eats it slowly. The golden haired human next to him is holding a bowl of Chinese cabbage in his hand. He looks at him tenderly and takes a piece of cabbage from his bowl. 

Nearly ten meters away from them, Zeng Nan and a cadre of younger brother carefully look at two people from afar. 

Brother 1: "boss, did you find that man staring at us?" 

Brother 2: "yes, boss, he looks so fierce. We haven't provoked him." 

Zeng Nan held the cigarette in his mouth and touched the scar on his face, but he couldn't understand it: "shouldn't be. Is my attitude not good enough? I was going to feed the mermaid 

My little brother 

"Boss, people are partners, and you feed mermaids. No wonder people look at you like that. They think you are a rival in love." 

Zeng Nan thought it was, but it's not so fierce to be a rival in love. 

She looked at the sea grass around her He seemed to feel that someone was looking at himself. He immediately raised his eyes. There was danger in his golden eyes. 

Zeng Nan shuddered and looked up at the sky, pretending nothing had happened. 

But why is it the first time to see this person, but always feel a little familiar in my heart? 

Where did you meet me? 

The golden haired man looked at the people over there and looked back at the mermaid no longer. The magnetic voice was dull: 

"I don't like human beings." 

When he was happy to eat rice, Qingteng reached out and his white finger fell on his golden hair: 

"then we won't go ashore next time, but I like to eat human food." 

The blonde man is reluctant to look at such a small bowl of rice. 

It's not fragrant, it's not fresh, it's still so small. 

It's not enough to stuff his teeth. Why do cubs like this stuff. 

Can be more unwilling, all in see when the white face of enjoyment look, gradually disappeared. 

"If you like, I will take the shore and let them give it to you." 

Yes, there is no thought of "I will exchange with others or ask for them" in the mind of the dragon people. 

They only know one thing. 

I want it? Then I'll grab it. 

If your partner wants it, you should take it. 

Shi Qing: "no, shore is not fun." 

The blonde man nodded obediently and held his hand high: "then I won't rob." 

There was a trace of pride in his expression, apparently because his cub thought his territory (the whole sea) was more interesting. 

But 

He took a grim look at the people over there in the sun. 

In the success of those who look at the head of the human scared back, only satisfied to take back the line of sight. 

He doesn't like people. 

It may be because the cub has a fishtail body and looks like he likes to be close to human beings. The dragon race is full of possessive instincts. When he listened to him and talked with human beings in such a delicate tone, he could hardly wish to eat these people. 

But he can't. 

Fair haired human beings are as beautiful as the legendary Sun God, and his face is somewhat aggrieved. 

Cubs like humans. 

If he eats these people, the cub will be angry. 

Immersed in the sadness that "my cub doesn't just like me," the little mermaid, after eating rice, puts his chopsticks on one side of the stone and naturally reaches out to the blonde. 

"I'm ready to eat. Take me back." 

The longzu's eyebrows and eyes, which were just full of grievances, immediately showed their joy. They stretched out their strong arms and held the little mermaid in their arms. 

The soft and weak Mermaid leaned her head in his arms, looking very dependent. 

"You look so human." 

The blonde man grinned and fell on such a face that he looked more and more beautiful, with a gentle smile: "you like me to be like this every day." 

Shi Qing: "also need not everyday, your dragon shape also looks good." 

The little mermaid stretched out her delicate fingertips. Now it is not the time to grow claws in the depths of the sea and hold tightly to her mate. 

His fingertips slowly fell on the human body of the dragon race, gently sliding, and his voice was delicate: "I like to eat human food, you need to help me get it later." 

The blonde agreed, "no problem." 

Shi Qing: "I have a name. My name is Shiqing." 

The dragon people are at a loss. 

He opened his mouth and called out seriously: "when Qing?" 

After shouting out, he called again: "Shiqing." 

The little mermaid answered and rubbed in his arms. 

Golden haired people think.In the memory of inheritance, when the dragon clan once flourished, every Dragon also had a name. 

Often they are born to know what their name is, and they call each other by name. 

But he was an orphan dragon. 

No creature would have called his name before he met the mermaid, so of course, the name he was born with did not appear. 

Now, he has dug that name out of his memory for tens of thousands of years. 

The voice of the golden haired man is calm and magnetic: 

"yuan, my name is yuan." 

"The abyss?" 

The little mermaid read the word in her mouth, reached out and grabbed the man's golden hair. 

A soft smile appeared on Bai Nen's small face: 

"yuan!" 

With his birth, it was the first time that the name was called out, and the greed and unwillingness of the dragon people's nature slowly faded away. 

Blonde human also involuntarily, in the beautiful face showed a smile. 

He took the little mermaid and walked slowly into the sea. 

In the rear, 1234 567 heads appeared. 

Zeng Nan carried a cigarette in his mouth: "Why are you all in the sea?" 

Little brother 1: "mermaid is a water creature." 

"But man is not. That man will not always be with Mermaid in the water." 

Zeng Nan looked at the sea thoughtfully. 

No one knows more about the danger of the bottom of the sea than she knows. The human went down to the sea so easily. 

After thinking for a long time, she clapped her hands and suddenly realized, "I know!" 

The younger brothers were curious: "boss, what do you know?" 

Zeng Nan took the cigarette out of his mouth and sighed in his eyes: 

"it's all for love." 

After that, she walked away with the help of others, tut said: "but really, just now that person should reject me, I am quite fond of mermaid. It's nice and soft. It's more suitable for raising at home." 

The golden haired man in the distance who is already in the water:.... " 

Five minutes later, Zeng Nan was still boasting: "when this Mermaid came to see me, I knew he was a good fish. Look, what I said was quite right. I still remember that it was a night with a big moon. He got on the bank and sat down..." 

A huge golden dragon jumped up from the sea and roared angrily towards the shore: 

"-" 

unprepared, Zeng Nan, who was almost deafened by the sound of his voice:: " 

The big brother dared to go into the water under such circumstances. 

Strong!! 

Since human beings have lost all kinds of advantages, the creatures on the planet that have never been seen before seem to be waking up in a deep sleep. 

Unicorn. 

Centaurs. 

Elves. 

No matter how harmless their appearance is, the value of force is higher than the other. Human beings who have lost everything can only strive to fight against these creatures. 

Basically, these awakened creatures only live in their own country. They are not as close to human beings as they are in legend. Human beings can only strive to protect their living environment. 

China is lucky. 

In the legend of their awakening, the creature is a golden dragon. 

Although he was big enough to block out the sun and yell like an earthquake, the Dragon lived only in the sea. 

Land is still human territory. 

Although many animals on the shore have also mutated, such as rats bigger than rabbits, rabbits as big as pigs, pigs as big as cattle. 

But at least they don't blow fire. 

It's said that there are dragon awakening in the west, but it's not the dragon like them. It's a Western dragon with a big belly that can spit fire. Moreover, this kind of dragon lives on the land. If anyone is upset, just spray it. 

The golden dragon of China lives in the sea, and the Chinese people can not go to the sea. 

In western countries, however, big bellied dragons live on land. Can they still live in water? 

Comparatively speaking, in the legends of other countries, when creatures appear, they kill and demolish their houses. Although China's Golden Dragon is far more lethal than them, it is more inclined to peace. 

It's kind to people. 

People who did not dare to go out to sea after the appearance of Jinlong became bolder and went out of the sea cautiously after they found that the Dragon did not seem to have destroyed the cult. 

One by one, the people who went out to sea came back alive. 

More and more people saw that golden dragon didn't make a move, but also bravely went out of the sea. 

Although they may encounter shipwrecks, or other creatures, at least, the golden dragon, which is hostile to human beings, can never come back alive. 

Slowly, such a legend spread in China. 

The Golden Dragon who lives in the deep sea has a little mermaid.It was a mermaid more beautiful than an elf. He had long hair, a beautiful silvery tail and a golden crown. 

This little mermaid is the treasure of the Golden Dragon. It is different from the Golden Dragon who does not like to show his face in front of human beings. The little mermaid prefers human beings. 

To be precise, he preferred human food and human things. 

Everyone knows that this is a kind-hearted Mermaid. He has great kindness to human beings. 

Every person on the sea, as long as they prepare carefully selected gifts, put them in waterproof boxes and throw them into the sea, as if the ubiquitous golden dragon would send the gift to his little mermaid. 

If the mermaid likes it, the person who gives the gift will get a lot. 

If the little mermaid doesn't like it 

On the sea of that day, a golden dragon came out of the sea with a roar, and its tail directly destroyed most of the ship in front of it. 

He had done it so skillfully that he could make the boat look like it was losing a lot without sinking it. 

After all, his mermaid is kind-hearted, gentle and lovely. If the ship is destroyed, the Mermaid will surely save people. 

Jinlong doesn't want his little mermaid to touch these humans. 

But he was still angry, so angry. 

So he kept roaring at the boat, and the people on the ship knelt down and begged for mercy. 

The captain covered his ears, and the crew next to him said loudly: 

"Captain!! What on earth did you send!! Why is the Dragon God so angry! " 

"I don't know either!" 

The captain was completely stunned and yelled: "I just heard that the Dragon God dotes on Mermaid, so please draw a picture of female mermaid to please mermaid!" 

He occasionally looked at some kind of picture album on the ship, thinking that the mermaid was a man, and it should be about the same. 

Who knows the Dragon God is so magical after sending it down. 

It's strange. The picture is very good. 

On the reef in the distance, Shiqing sat on the rock with his tail and opened the picture album on his hand. 

Even in venting his anger, the golden dragon, who still put most of his mind on the little mermaid, suddenly turned back, angrily entered the sea bottom and quickly swam in front of the mermaid. 

Brush brush, he directly grabbed the album with dragon claws, tearing the female Mermaid image into pieces. 

A mermaid with a long silvery tail looked at him with a smile and jumped into the sea. 

In the bottom of the sea, the Golden Dragon coiled up his body, cherished and full of possessiveness, and slowly circled his little mermaid. 

He will always guard his treasure. 

When the mermaid lives to the one, the Golden Dragon will follow. 

…… 

Ding! Task completed, please choose: 1, continue task, 2, vacation. ] 

Shiqing: [11111] 

System: [Ding! Please be ready to jump to mission world, task world is jumping, 3, 2, 1 ] 

﹥ br > ﹥ Shi Qing opened his eyes slowly in a quiet and elegant room. 

He looked down at his spotless white clothes, and there was a hoarse sobbing voice from outside: 

"master, please spare the elder martial brother. He is going to die soon. Please, please, master..." 

"Elder martial brother has done a good job this time. Please forgive him. I beg you, master..." 

Master. 

When Qing looked at the bronze mirror hanging on the wall. 

There is a black hair and white clothes, a cold face xianzun. 

He took a brief look at the memory. 

This time, he was a seemingly indifferent immortal, but in fact, he was a hypocrite who hated the talent of his disciples and humiliated the black hands behind his back. 

This unfortunate elder disciple is the man of this world. 

Shi Qing recalled that when he was a child, the master of the Central Plains had to beat or scold the eldest disciple. He picked bones in his eggs and punished him again and again until he became a child. 

[system, repulsion. ] 

the system is trembling: [rongjue rejection: 300 out of 100] 

Shiqing: not surprised at all:) 



Arc 8: The Shizun Jealous of His Disciple

 The female voice outside is still crying, Shiqing pretends that he is deaf and begins to check the original story of the world. 

After reading the ten lines at a glance, I have to say, it's just dog blood and encouragement. The man is the representative of handsome and strong. 

Rong Jue, the man in charge, was originally the young son of Rong's family in Hedong. Before he was five years old, his parents loved him and his brothers and sisters regarded him as their own. He had amazing talent and was a favored son since childhood. 

As a result, on his fifth birthday, Rong's family was destroyed. Only Rong Jue, who was young at that time and was hidden by his elder brother, saved his life. 

Before the age of five, the young lost his memory. 

After he got up from the sea of corpses, he guessed that he should be a member of the Rong family. At that time, it was not only the Rong family who destroyed the family, but also the Rong family in law. He was almost the only survivor. 

Rong Jue, who was only five years old at that time, didn't know anything. He had been a beggar until he was eight years old. When he was eight years old, he unexpectedly found that he could draw Qi into his body. Then he realized that he should be able to practice. 

The eight year old child set foot on the road of seeking Xianzong's apprenticeship by himself. After nearly being eaten by a tiger, falling off a cliff and climbing up, he finally arrived at the first Xianzong chiyun sect. 

The chiyun sect is famous for its sword cultivation. There are five elders in the Mahayana period. In addition, there are tens of thousands of disciples. It can be said that chiyun sect is the first immortal sect. 

Rong Jue found out that he was a rare spirit root when he tested the spirit root. 

Those who are rooted in heaven and spirit have to practice more smoothly than others when they are young. They can only practice for hundreds of years. Maybe they can do it in a month. 

Naturally, many people vied for such a talent. 

If rongjue is worshipped by a good master, he should continue to return to the favored one in the future. 

Unfortunately, his luck is not good. 

Chiyun clan has a monk who has been closed for many years. He has only one son in his whole life. However, the only son is not very talented. His accomplishments are almost all drug addicts. He is worried that his only son will not be taken care of after his ascension. Therefore, he thinks that the only son can recruit more talented disciples. When he rises, these disciples can take care of the foster master Respect. 

Rong Jue is the unfortunate disciple. 

This monk is in Mahayana period, but others can't catch him. They can only watch the glorious formula with excellent talent join him. He has no talent at all, and all depends on his father's name. 

After arranging this disciple, the father who worried too much about his son left a pile of accumulated resources and then soared. 

if it's so light, it will suck up the master, and he will be able to spell out a way. 

However, the original owner is not able to be careful. He looks good on the surface. Although he is a little cold, in others' eyes, he is also good. 

But in fact, he has a dark mind. He can't see other people saying that he takes drugs. He has no intention of loving Rong Jue, a gifted disciple. On the contrary, he can't see his fast cultivation. 

After all, Rong Jue can break through a state in three days, which can only make him think that he has not been able to break through for three years, and finally he has to rely on drugs. 

He is a waste, but his apprentice is a genius. 

I worked hard every day, but my apprentice could break through the door casually. 

He was respected on the surface and criticized on the back. His disciples, from the elders to the elders, to the younger martial brothers and sisters, respected him incomparably. 

The original owner's mentality has completely collapsed. 

He regarded this great apprentice as a thorn in his flesh. When Rong Jue was a child, he just looked more severe and deliberately did not teach Rong Jue how to practice fast. When Rong Jue did the right thing, he turned a blind eye to it. If he did something wrong, he would scold him. 

When rongjue grew up and had prestige in the clan, the master could not control himself. 

He sent Rong Jue to various dangerous places and withheld the resources assigned to him by the clan. 

All in all, it means suppression in various senses. 

However, he was still the master of rongjue, and no one was qualified to stop him. 

After that, the original master watched Rong Jue break through to the period of practicing empty. In a competition among different sects, he secretly killed Rong Jue, making him look as if he was hurt by his opponent, but actually he made a secret move. 

After the competition came back, Rong Jue seemed to notice something. The original owner was guilty and worried that he would expose himself. He immediately took the reason that "the competition that Rong Jue failed to win would bring disgrace to himself", so he held off other disciples from seeking medical treatment. 

After that, the secret injury on Rong Jue broke out, and his cultivation was scattered. He felt extremely painful every second and could not condense his accomplishments. 

One night, he changed from a proud man with unlimited future to a disabled man. The original owner allowed him to be humiliated by other cannon fodder in the clan, and then immediately turned over his face and drove him out of the clan after he was sure that rongjue could not turn over. 

Rong Jue was completely blackened at the moment. He left the clan, created his own skills and practiced hard. At the same time, he found out that the Rong family was destroyed because his mother was a princess of the demon family. The demon family had a man-made rebellion, killed the devil emperor and came to the world to kill him.His blood of demons made him embark on another road of cultivation, even more amazing than his previous talent. The honor formula of blackening became a scheming man. He used all kinds of means to improve himself and win the demon world. 

After that, he led the demon Kingdom army into chiyun Zong and imprisoned the original master into the dungeon. He was tortured for 81 days before he was cut off. 

Due to the birth of the world consciousness, this novel has become a world of its own and lost the control of the author. The protagonist is seriously injured and can not be cured because he is attacked by the original owner in his body and dies of illness. 

After watching this long and long plot, Shi Qing understood the repulsion degree of Rong Jue 300. 

Since childhood, I was tortured and suppressed by my closest teacher. The rejection degree of rongjue is less than 3000, which is very generous. 

After watching the plot with the host, the system is shivering: "host, is the world a little too difficult, too high, woo woo ] 

the original owner has already done what should not be done. Rong Jue almost grew up in his shadow. Now he is seriously injured because of the original owner. Even if Shi Qing goes to heal him now and treats him well, Rong Jue, who has been blackened in this period of time, will believe him if he is mad. 

Shi Qing is still as light as before: [OK, I already know what to do. ] 

when the system breathes a sigh of relief, it knows that the host is a big guy, and it must be stable. 

After watching the plot, Shiqing waved, opened the prohibition, walked outside, looked down on his knees and begged his youngest disciple. 

The young girl in green clothes was crying with tears. When she saw her master come out, she knelt down and kowtowed heavily: 

"master, please help the elder martial brother. He is seriously injured. If he can't do it, please, master." 

System: [host, now is it time to treat gently, to be gentle and gentle! ] 

and then he watched with his white clothes. His face was cold and his tone was indifferent: 

"he lost the game, which made me lose face. What face should I do to save him?" 

"If I don't help you, don't even think about giving him even a miraculous medicine over me." 

"If anyone dares to commit an offence knowingly, he will be expelled from his school."





 The girl kneeling on the ground looked at Shiqing in disbelief, with white face and trembling lips: "master, master..." 

Shi Qing lightly glanced at him, which brought the momentum of the period of integration. Even if his cultivation was addicted to drugs, it was enough to make Yuan Ying's little disciple stiff and unable to say a word. 

The next second, wearing a white xianzun waved his sleeve and sent her away from here. 

Qiao Lingyu, who was sent to the foot of the mountain, stood in a daze for a while, then walked towards a small wooden house in the distance. 

As the eldest disciple of qingjianfeng, Rong Jue should have lived in qingjianfeng with his younger martial brothers and sisters, but he was sent to the foot of the mountain when he was a teenager. 

Living in this cabin, because of the lack of aura, the cultivation is more difficult than younger martial brothers and sisters. 

Qiao Lingyu can't understand why the elder martial brother is always so harsh on the elder martial brother. It is clear that the elder martial brother has won many honors for qingjianfeng since he was a child. The master has no intention to teach them all year round, and the elder martial brother is willing to waste his time teaching younger martial brother and younger sister. 

Even if Qiao Lingyu had many doubts in her heart, she did not dare to question her master. She could only sob all the way to rongjue's residence. 

It's so simple that I can't believe that this is a wooden house where a disciple will soon practice Xu. On the bed, there is a handsome man with pale face and bloody abdomen, while a 17-8-year-old youth sitting on the side of the bed is carefully protecting his Dharma protection and his overflowing cultivation. 

Qiao Lingyu's eyes fell on Rong Jue, who was weak and closed. 

He was born with a sword eyebrow and stars, and his facial features are profound. He is a rare beautiful man even in the cultivation world where there are many beauties. In addition, he always looks at people with a smile. He has made such accomplishments at a young age. No matter where he was, he was the focus of the public. 

But now, such an excellent elder martial brother can only lie here waiting to die. 

When Qiao Lingyu thought of this, she could no longer conceal her sadness. She lowered her head to do something wrong and continued to sob. 

The second elder martial brother, who was trying to protect rongjue's Dharma for rongjue, gnawed his teeth: "is the master still unwilling to treat the elder martial brother?" 

Qiao Lingyu shook her head and sobbed: 

"the master said that the loss of the master brother has lost the face of qingjianfeng. If he does not cure him, he will not allow us to help him to cure him, otherwise, he will drive us out of the school." 

The second elder martial brother is pale. 

In the Xiuzhen world, if anyone is expelled from the school, he must have made a big mistake. He will bear the charge in this life, and no immortal will accept it again. 

But if you don't get medical treatment, you can't keep your life! 

He murmured: "master, he Are you so heartless? " 

He was a descendant of Shiqing's mother's family. He was sent to qingjianfeng to worship him since he was a child. From a young age, he could feel that the master liked him best among his elder martial brothers and sisters. He always thought that this was because they were related by blood and had always admired him. 

Even if you know that the master is strict with the elder martial brother, he only thinks that it is a strict teacher who produces excellent apprentices. But now, the master obviously wants the life of the elder martial brother. 

The young man gritted his teeth again, and suddenly stood up: "I'll go to ask the master clearly!" 

Bed has been closed eyes, seemingly sleep rongjue slowly opened his eyes, tone indifferent: "don't go." 

When you wake up, you will cry 

Rong Jue moved his fingers and said to the younger martial brother who was also full of happy looks: "don't waste your efforts. Master won't be soft hearted." 

"No, don't think so, elder martial brother. The master just feels that he has lost face. You are the most proud disciple of the master. If his anger disappears, he will come to save you." Qiao Lingyu tried to comfort Rong Jue: "you are going to practice empty period now, master can't give up on you." 

Even in the first immortal sect of chiyun sect, an apprentice in the period of practice of emptiness is absolutely able to take advantage of it. 

Rong Jue's pale face showed a touch of irony. 

Why don't you give him up. 

The secret move hidden in his body has been hindering his self-healing and keeping the aura of his cultivation. Isn't it his good master who broke into it? 

The immortal, who was high above and always smiling, was just a hypocrite. 

But why on earth! 

Why did he die like this. 

Over the years, did he not respect and comply with the Qing Dynasty. 

The heart of the original solid road is broken and split, as if there is a group of black gas surrounding the heart of rongjue. 

The man who was once the most favored man in the two people did not notice that the eyes gradually turned into a strong black. 

The other half of the blood hidden in the body took the opportunity to infect the host's whole body. 

It has a big appetite and devours it greedily. 

Integrity, kindness, compassion and gentleness -- 

Rong Jue's other hand hidden under the quilt clenched into a fist and slowly closed his eyes: 

"you'd better go back. Since the master ordered, you should not disobey him.""But if you don't cure it again, your cultivation will be..." 

"My cultivation has been separated from each other, and I can't keep it any more. Now I'm a waste man. There's no need to fight with my master for me. You can go back and I have a clear idea." 

Rong Jue's words let the tears of the younger martial sister fall more severely. 

The second younger martial brother wanted to say more, but he heard the man on the bed yelled: "why? Now that I'm a disabled person, my younger brother and younger sister will not listen to me? " 

Rong Jue is gentle in nature. He never used to speak to them in such a cold and sarcastic tone. They were scared, but they didn't think much about it. They only thought that the elder martial brother didn't want to involve them, so he made such a gesture on purpose. 

They don't know what to do, in the end or can only look sad left here. 

When they left, Rong Jue slowly opened his eyes. 

His eyes were light brown, and when he looked at people, he always seemed to have some seriousness. He always treated others with courtesy, regardless of their status. 

Because of such a pure gentleman's conduct, many of the elder martial sisters and younger sisters of chiyunzong all wanted to be friends with him. However, rongjue had always been devoted to Tao and refused to do so without harming each other. 

But now, this pair always contains the gentle eye actually black, if fell into the abyss. 

Rong Jue felt hard to sit up, put the middle finger of his right index finger together, pinched the finger into a decision, touched the abdominal wound, and pressed it in without expression. 

It was impossible to say that there was no pain in the wound. However, there was no expression on Rong Jue's handsome face. Only the more pale face and the sweat from his forehead could see how much pain he had suffered. 

The slender fingertip continued to the abdomen along the blood. He used his little spiritual power to explore the body. When he felt that he was staying in his elixir field and was destroying the familiar spiritual power of cultivation, he tried to explore his own spiritual power. 

As soon as the light white spirit power touched the rongjue spirit power, it was immediately destroyed. 

"Er --" 

with the spiritual power destroyed, even Rong Jue couldn't help but make a dull sound of pain. With his white face, he slowly moved his hand away from the wound. 

Master 

He is determined to become a useless man. 

Since the moment when the cultivation was destroyed, Rong Jue has never been in pain. 

This kind of pain is like someone scraps the flesh off his body with a knife. When the meat is scraped off, the bone is cut. 

From being driven into the secret move to now, Rong Jue seems to have been in a coma with closed eyes, but in fact, he is awake every minute. 

I feel the pain soberly. 

Soberly review the first half of my life. 

His admiration for the master was eroded by cold rebuke, and he tried to break through the excitement of seeking the master's happiness, but he was indifferent to him. 

The harder he tried, the more disgusted he was. 

Everyone knows that shiqingxianzun has three disciples, the first one is the most outstanding. 

But in qingjianfeng, the younger martial brother and younger sister can get the gentle smile of the master. Occasionally, they will guide them. When it comes to rongjue, these treatments will be gone. 

Instead, he was reprimanded, disgusted and, as if he wished, trampled on the earth. 

Once upon a time, Rong Jue would have thought: 

Why did master treat me like this? 

Is it really love and hate? 

Is it just because he is gifted that he is more severe? 

But when he was trying his best to deal with the enemy, he was attacked secretly. After breaking into the spiritual power of dispersing his accomplishments, his thoughts of self comfort became a joke. 

That's a good idea. 

Rong Jue lowered his eyes, and the irony on his face became more and more intense. 

As long as he does not die, Shiqing's spiritual power will always follow him. 

Naturally, as long as the supreme immortal wanted to kill him, it was only in the twinkling of an eye. 

What if he knew who did it? 

Which one is more important, a disabled man or a combined immortal? 

Both the elders and the patriarchs of Xianzong watched Shiqing grow up and received the favor of the ascendant. Can they not know what Shiqing has done to him over the years? 

But his honor Jue in their mind's position is not clear and important, this just opened one eye to close one eye as did not see. 

The so-called Xianzong is no better than the evil cultivation they despise. 

No, even worse. 

At least the evil world did not hide the evil things. Xianzong, dressed in benevolence, allowed Shi Qing to destroy his disciples' practice. 

Rong Jue can clearly find that there is a kind of malice hidden in his body. It is guiding his thinking and thinking towards the evil cultivation that he once despised, but he doesn't want to stop it. 

Why stop it? 

On the bed, the handsome man with pale face and dark eyes slowly raised his bloody hand and looked at the bright red quietly.There is no room for him. 

Why can't he turn to the demon world. 

Now his practice has been destroyed, and he can no longer practice the right way and immortal Dharma. 

But what about magic repair. 

It's quiet at night, especially at the foot of the mountain, because it's the place where Xianzong is, there's not even a sound of insects. 

When Qing quietly appeared at the foot of the mountain. 

As an immortal with the cultivation of fitness period, even if he was addicted to drugs, he could still hang up a large number of people. 

In this situation, he could not help but compose a song. 

The system hesitates: the host is out of tune. ] 

Shi Qing: [I know, I can remember the lyrics well. ] 

the system carefully looked around the darkness and asked: 

[host, why do we come here at night? ] 

even if this is a world of cultivating immortals, there is still nothing that should not be available. The foot of the mountain is dark at night. If it is not clear and high, you can feel what is around you with your eyes closed. This road is really hard to walk. 

Shi Qing smiles and says, "come and deliver the medicine. ] 

[otherwise, it is hard to say whether rongjue can live for a month or not. ] 

the system suddenly realized and then did not understand. 

Why not during the day? Can also brush the rejection degree, now send him to sleep ] 

Shi Qing: [you don't understand. Sometimes, the more you hide from each other, the better the effect will be. ] 

the system still doesn't understand, and Shiqing coaxes it: [OK, honey, go learn the song I just sang, and you'll sing it to me the next time you're bored in meditation. ] 

it went right away. 

There was still a candle light in the cabin. Xian Zun, dressed in white, stood outside the window and saw Rong Jue lying flat on his back, twisting his eyebrows tightly. His eyes were closed. The next second, he appeared in the room. 

He waved silently and took out a stick of incense from the ring, and his fingertips passed over it. The incense lit up and a few smoke rose. 

Xianzun turned and put the incense on the wooden table. 

Behind him, Rong Jue, who seems to be quiet and closed his eyes, slightly opens his eyes and looks at the familiar figure. He sniffs out the fragrance which is specially used to calm the nerves. He is afraid that he will be able to sleep until dawn if he inhales it for a while. 

What else should Shi Qing do. 

Does he think his appearance is not enough. 

Rong Jue clenched his hands under his bedding, closed his eyes and held his breath. It is good that he still has some spiritual power, which is not like a real man who can not hold his breath. 

He hated it in his heart. What he hated more was that he could not resist and could only let Mermaid feel powerless. 

Under the quilt clenched fist heart, fingernails have already entered the flesh. 

Rong Jue closed his eyes and couldn't see the scene in front of him, but he could clearly feel that the edge of the bed had fallen into a piece. 

Shi Qing sat by the bed. 

He seems to be still sleeping safely, but in fact his body under the mattress has been tightly stretched up, vigilant against every action that once oppressed his master in every way. 

What should Shi Qing do to him? 

It doesn't count to destroy his accomplishments. Do you want to destroy his bones? 

Or did he come up with a good way to torture himself. 

In the dark with his eyes closed, rongjue can only guess what Shiqing is doing by his perception. 

He could see through the sound of his clothes rubbing, and then Qing raised his hand and fell on top of him. 

If Shiqing wants to attack him, he has no chance to shout now. 

Rong Jue clenched his fist more tightly. 

But the next second, the hand fell gently on his forehead. 

Very light, very gentle for his forehead scattered scattered broken hair. 

Rong Jue was stunned. 

The hand was soft, warm and light. Even if he didn't open his eyes, he could feel the tenderness of the other party brushing his hair. 

He almost suspected that he was wrong. 

This kind of gentle treatment of him is the master who has hardly shown a smile to him since he was a child, either scolding or scolding him? 

It's even more incredible than the ascent of magic Xiu. 

Rong Jue's heart is full of confusion, but his vigilance has not fallen. 

After finishing his hair, the soft hand stopped on the right cheek of the elder disciple. 

There's a bloodstain right there. 

It was hurt by the opponent's sword Qi during the fight. It was a very small scar. If it wasn't for Rong Jue's cultivation, he would be able to recover as before without a breath. 

But now he has become a disabled man, he can only let the wound fall on his face. 

There was a sigh in the air. Rong Jue felt his cheek brushed by his master's hand, which made him itchy. The next second, the slight pain on his cheek disappeared. 

Obviously, it was Shi Qing who healed the small wound for him. 

The next second, xianzun dropped his hand on Rong Jue's abdomen, and the strong spiritual power continued to enter his body, repairing all kinds of hidden injuries in the eldest disciple's body.Rong Jue can clearly feel that with the action of Shiqing, his aching muscles and veins are slowly repairing. 

But he did not mean to be happy, but full of vigilance. 

A person who has been giving you hurt suddenly helps. Who can believe that the other party is really kind? 

What's more, the so-called help is more like dressing him up after cutting off his hands and feet. 

It's not easy to send your spiritual power to another person to repair the meridians. The second younger martial brother tried to use this method to delay the spiritual power dissipation in rongjue's body, but he could only stick to the time when the incense was less than half a column. 

Even in such a short time, he needs a full day to cultivate himself. 

But when clear hard is in Rong Jue's bedside sat all night. 

Rong Jue can feel the other party's hand shaking slightly. Obviously, it is very difficult for Shiqing to deliver spiritual power for a long time. 

But the immortal Zun, who never had a good face for Rong Jue, did not stop until the cock crowed, and he slowly took back his trembling hand. 

Rong Jue still closed his eyes. 

He could feel that when Shi Qing stood up, he seemed to lose his strength. He staggered for a few steps and nearly fell down. Maybe he had to hold on to the table before he could barely stand still. 

Xianzun put away the burnt incense on the table. 

I sat down by the bed again. 

He did not make any action, just quietly looked at the "sleeping" big disciple, long to rongjue almost thought that the other party did not exist, only heard the sound of clothes rubbing again. 

His master raised his hand again, this time, it fell on the mattress and gently tucked in the quilt for him. 

In this way, only in the elder care for the younger generation will appear in the love action, actually appeared in the body of Shiqing. 

If it was not for sleeping now, Rong Jue would almost laugh sarcastically. 

From childhood to adulthood, when did his good teacher care about him. 

Now, after he had just killed him, did he want to show that the high immortal also had a benevolent heart? 

Outside came the sound of footfalls, and then the wooden door was knocked gently. It was Qiao Lingyu's voice: 

"big brother, are you awake?" 

Rong Jue could feel the hand that fell on the mattress suddenly as if he was frightened. The next second, the immortal statue sitting beside his bed disappeared. 

Until it is confirmed that it is not clear that the man who pretends to sleep overnight slowly opens his eyes. 

"I'm awake," he said in a hoarse voice 

Qiao Lingyu then opened the door and came in: "I discussed with the second elder martial brother. The master just didn't want us to ask for a doctor and a miraculous medicine for you, but he didn't say that we can't protect the Dharma for you with spiritual power, so I and the second elder martial brother will take turns to protect the Dharma for you." 

She tried to make her voice relaxed: "elder martial brother, you are so talented. As long as you protect your spiritual power, you will surely be able to practice in the future." 

Rong Jue was silent, only asked Qiao Lingyu: "master, could you be in the residence last night?" 

Qiao Lingyu shook his head blankly: "the master didn't show up last night. Does the elder martial brother want to see the master?" 

Rong Jue didn't answer, and Qiao Lingyu didn't think much about it. She went to protect the Dharma for him. As soon as Lingli came into contact with Rong Jue, she exclaimed in surprise: 

"elder martial brother, it's only one night. Your injury is better than half." 

She didn't know that rongjue Dantian had spiritual power to obstruct his cultivation, but she was still thinking excitedly: 

"great, I knew that you are so talented, you will be OK. As long as your muscles and veins recover, you can return to practice as usual." 

Rong Jue dropped his eyes in silence. 

His body did not ache any more. If he hadn't gone to sleep because of the pain last night, and then escaped the sleeping incense with breath holding, I'm afraid he would have been like Qiao Lingyu, thinking that his body was repairing itself. 

But he was sober. 

He also clearly remembered that it was Shi Qing who restored his meridians for the night, that he gently brushed his hands between his forehead, his staggering footsteps, and his sigh of compassion. 

If it is of other use to cure his muscles and veins, why should he make such a gesture. 

If you really care for him as you showed last night, what are these twenty years of indifference and suppression? 

Rong Jue slightly lowered his eyes and covered his dark eyes. 

While Qiao Lingyu was still imagining that he could still return to his once high spirited elder martial brother, the handsome man on the bed suddenly said: 

"I want to see you." 

Qiao Lingyu's words were interrupted but not annoyed, nodded his head in praise of the same way: "it's time to see the master. If you ask the master, maybe he won't be angry." 

She wanted to help Rong Jue, but he avoided her. She insisted on getting up from the bed and staying there. His steps were a little flighty, but he could barely stop. 

Once the proud son of heaven stood in front of the copper mirror hanging in the house and looked at the self inside. 

His hair was messy, his face was pale, and there was blood on his abdomen.It looks like a mess. 

And this, thanks to the Qing Dynasty. 

The one in the bronze mirror raised his hand and landed on his cheek. 

The place where there should have been a small, hard to notice scar is now smooth. 

Qiao Lingyu looked at xiangrongjue in doubt: "elder martial brother?" 

Rong Jue took back his sight in the bronze mirror and put his hand down. There was a sneer in his eyes. He said in a low voice: 

"let's go." 

He took the lead out of the room. Qiao Lingyu was staring at his back and walked out, standing still with doubts in his eyes. 

Hesitation gradually rose in the bottom of my heart. 

Why does the elder martial brother seem to Not the same as before? 

Just now, she was even afraid. 

Walking in front of Rong Jue seems to be aware of the little younger martial sister's doubts, turn back a smile, still as sunny as ever. 

"What are you doing in a daze? I don't have any accomplishments now. I have to trouble you to take me up the mountain." 

Qiao Lingyu looked at this familiar smile, and her doubts were immediately thrown behind her, and she quickly followed the elder martial brother. 

It's strange. 

She is a water spirit root, intuition has always been accurate. 

It's time to be wrong today.





 After Shi Qing went back, he put on a set of blue thin shirt, which was usually worn when he was sleeping. However, he did not sleep directly, but sat on a round stool inside the house and waited. 

When the system has finished learning the song, it is full of enthusiasm: "host me! ] 

when he saw Shi Qing's face, he was suddenly nervous and stammered: "Su, host, why are you so ugly? ] 

Shi Qingzheng poured tea for himself, and when he heard it ask, he only raised his eyebrows slightly: 

normally, I delivered spiritual power for rongjue all night last night, and it would be nice if I didn't pour it down directly. ] 

a monk's cultivation depends on aura, and it will definitely cost a lot of energy to transmit his aura to others. Shiqing can still stand now, and his cultivation is high. 

Although it's from drugs. 

The system suddenly realized that it was to save rongjue. 

When he understood, he urged Shi Qing: "go to rest quickly. It takes a long time to cultivate the spiritual power of the whole night. ] 

Shi Qing: [no, I'm waiting for someone. ] 

System: [isn't the original owner seldom visited? ] 

Shi Qing: [the formula of waiting for honor. ] 

System: [ha? ] 

he was thinking of Rong Jue. It should be cultivated in bed during this period of time. How could he come to find a host? From outside, he heard a weak but gentle voice: 

"disciple Rong Jue, I'd like to apologize to my master." 

Then, it was Qiao Lingyu's: "disciple Qiao Lingyu, come to ask the master for his sins." 

Shi Qing raises her eyebrows. ] 

as soon as he got up, he suddenly twisted his eyebrows slightly and looked out of the room. 

There seems to be something wrong. ] 

System: [ Host, rongjue rejection 500 out of 100] 

System: [he had been against the weather for 300 years before, but now he has exceeded 500 directly, which is not scientific!! ] 

Shi Qing was surprised for a moment and then gradually calmed down You can see if there is any hidden plot. I can feel that the present rongjue is not the former rongjue. ] 

System: [ ] 

it tried to find a fan. 

[Fan Wai: when Rong Jue became a demon, he was preparing to go to chiyun Zong to seek revenge for Shiqing. When he woke up one night, he found that he was reborn in the period when his spiritual roots had just been abandoned and his cultivation was completely destroyed ] 

System: [ ] 

System: [ ] 

it understands. 

It was difficult enough. Now rongjue is reborn directly. Can the world be better! 

It's completely dead: [host, let's get rid of it. ] 

time clearing: [withdraw, why withdraw? ] 

the system would like to have a crash on the spot: [rongjue is reborn, how can we play it. ] 

the Rong Jue used to hate Shi Qing, but now it's not simple. He hates to cut Shi Qing and has the ability. 

The system is going crazy. Shiqing doesn't think it's a bad thing. 

Isn't that great? It's simpler than before. ] 

System: [ ] 

it really doesn't understand human beings. 

Outside, Qiao Lingyu looked ahead carefully after shouting. Seeing that the prohibition didn't mean to be opened, she whispered to Rong Jue beside her: "elder martial brother, is master closed?" 

When she came before, master would tell her whether she saw or not. 

There's no movement at all now. 

Rong Jue just a little stiff, slightly drooping head did not speak. 

He is the honor formula, but it is not the honor formula of this moment. 

It's the honor formula of entering into the demon world and sitting on the position of the devil except for the prohibition given by the body. 

But I don't know why, he just took a short rest, then opened his eyes, and returned to this time when he was still weak. 

The arrival of the devil happened to be the time when Shiqing came to heal rongjue. However, he was his own one hundred years later. Although he was in his own body, he couldn't get into it and could only watch. 

Even so, it is enough for him to influence Rong Jue slowly. 

And now, he completely occupied this body, instead of the one who used to be. 

The handsome man kneeling on the ground didn't show any clue, but he was observing the surrounding environment all the time. 

This is indeed chiyunzong's qingjianfeng cliff. 

He can make sure that no one in the world can pull him into a fantasy, so is that true? 

The memory of the devil gradually merged with the memory of the original rongjue. 

He also knew that he had come here kneeling to find out whether the man who had healed him last night was Shi Qing. 

In the memory of the devil, there was no time to heal for him, but he did recover most of his wounds one night later. 

He still knelt down and repeated his words in a loud voice"Disciple Rong Jue, I come to ask the master for his sins." 

He knew that Shiqing didn't like to go out and socialize. He always stayed on qingjianfeng and didn't go anywhere else. He couldn't be absent today. 

What's more 

The devil drooped his eyes and sniffed at the tip of his nose. 

Kneeling on one side of Qiao Lingyu can't notice, but Rong Jue can smell out the rich fragrance. It must be that someone burned fengmuxiang in the house. 

It takes 3000 years for Fengmu to grow into a single tree. A Fengmu tree can only take a stack of spices for fragrance. Fengmu tree can only grow under certain circumstances, and people can't plant it at all. Therefore, fengmuxiang has always been valuable and has no market. 

Ten years ago, a hundred Phoebe trees were found in a small oasis. They were sold at auction after being made into spices. When they were bought, they were only because their only son loved fengmuxiang. 

Even so, fengmuxiang is rare. His good teacher always uses it only when he is in the house. 

But after a hundred years, everyone knows that the devil hates Fengmu and will destroy it. 

As for why, naturally, it is because of the aversion to the former master that fengmushu was implicated. 

Now that I smell the fragrance of Fengmu, rongjue can conclude that Shiqing is in the house. 

It's just to avoid it. 

If the former one, he might choose to leave, but now, Rong Jue, kneeling on the cold stone brick, slightly raised his hand and brushed the cheek that should have a small scar. 

Because of the long-term practice of sword, the finger with thin cocoon falls down. Rong Jue raises his eyes: 

"disciple Rong Jue, I come here to apologize to the master." 

Qiao Lingyu: "elder martial brother, the master should not be here." 

Rong Jue this just slants a head to look at her. 

This is the younger martial sister he once loved. She also helped him when he was in trouble, but this was not equal to his sword holding after he joined the demon clan. 

A hundred years later, the devil is no longer the original honor formula. When looking at this little younger martial sister again, there is no trace of affection in his heart. 

He bowed his head slightly, as if in a weak voice: 

"younger martial sister, I have lost face for qingjianfeng. Today, I have to apologize to the master. Since the master is not in, can you help me down the mountain to find out where the master is 

Qiao Lingyu didn't think about anything else. He thought that the elder martial brother was too weak to go down the mountain. He helped Rong Jue carefully and let him sit on the stone bench outside. 

"Don't worry, elder martial brother. I'll go and ask you to come back!" he assured 

She settled down her senior brother and went down the mountain at ease. 

Rong Jue's deep eyes at the little sister's back gradually away, turned to see the elegant layout of the place. 

Shiqing's residence is on the cliff at the top of Qingjian peak. Compared with other xianzun residences which are almost empty, Shiqing's residence is more like the house of mortal world, even some of its furnishings are very similar. 

When Rong Jue was a child, he wanted to live with his master because it was like a room in the mortal world, but when he was full of expectation, he was punished for wielding his sword 10000 times. 

Ten thousand times. 

Even if he had already introduced Qi into his body at that time, such a practice would certainly not be affordable for a child. 

Rong Jue still remembers that at that time, his arm was so sore that he couldn't move, but he had to lift his sword. Even if he grew up later, he still had some grievances in his heart. 

And now think of, Rong Jue eyes only cold. 

He wanted to leave chiyunzong directly, cultivate himself again, and then come back to kill Shiqing. 

It's not difficult for Rong Jue to make a new start and avoid detours. 

But he still wanted to find out why Shiqing saved him. 

According to the memory of last night, the devil speculated that Shiqing didn't really want him to die. 

Even if he was completely destroyed, the man on the verge of death was Shi Qing. 

In this case, it is too easy to force his good master out. 

He seemed to be very weak cough a few times, slowly supporting the stone table to stand out, slowly walking towards the back. 

He stood on the edge of the cliff and looked down. 

From here you can only see the white fog below. 

When Rong Jue was the elder martial brother who was about to practice Xu, he could easily jump down from here without any damage. 

And sitting on the throne of the devil, he can easily jump off. 

But now, he's almost a human being. 

"Ah 

Originally standing on the edge of the cliff as if looking at the scenery of the handsome man as if his legs softened, staggered to the ground, as if the next second is about to roll off the cliff. 

The scream, and the location of the scream, was enough to make people in the house think he had fallen off a cliff. 

The next moment, the originally closed door suddenly opened. 

Wearing a thin blue shirt and even wearing his back, Xian Zun quickly waved his sleeve. A spiritual power fell on Rong Jue and sent him to a safer inner side. 

"Master..." 

Rong Jue struggled to get up and knelt down in the direction of Shiqing, as if grateful: "I thank you for your help."Just hang in the eye son is actually with the mood completely opposite indifference. 

Sure enough, Shiqing won't let him die. 

When he lifted his eyes again, there was only deep affection left. 

If the former level of honor formula is 90, then the current level of magic code is 9999999 99. 

It's just acting. It's too simple for him. 

At the same time, it is no longer difficult to observe others for the glory formula that has become a demon. 

He noticed that Shi Qing was a little uneasy when he saw his own eyes. At the same time, he didn't let go of Shiqing's pale face. 

It's not so simple to send his spiritual power to other people's bodies to heal. Last night, Shiqing had to cultivate himself for at least three months before he could recover. Rong Jue deliberately led him out and wanted to see his facial expression. 

He is the superior of qingjianfeng and never goes down the mountain. Apart from the excessive loss of spiritual power, what else can make him look weak. 

Clearly destroyed Rong Jue's spiritual root cultivation, but he paid a lot of spiritual power to heal his wounds. 

Rong Jue in the bottom of my heart when clear want to use him to do something. 

After all, his master never concealed his bad feelings towards him, but last night, all his actions showed that Shiqing loved him very much. 

Love? 

Rong Jue in the heart of these two words ironically turn a circle. 

Although I don't want to admit it, there is no other reason for Shi Qing to do so except for love. 

If he had known this before, he would have been secretly pleased and pleased that his master was quietly taking care of himself. 

But now that he knows this, he has been struggling to survive for 100 years, and the devil who has finally sat on a high position is only ridiculed in his heart. 

Since he loved him secretly, why did he put on this appearance and why he destroyed him. 

What Rong Jue thought and thought in his heart did not affect his skillful expression of moistening and admiring on his pale face and looking at the superior. 

As in the impression, when cold with a delicate face, such as snow mountain in deep winter. 

Even the voice was cold and incomparable: "since you can go up the mountain, have you cultivated yourself?" 

Rong Jue's tone was grateful, and his eyes were full of admiration: 

"now it's no longer in the way of walking. I'll be able to practice again in a few days." 

Time Qing but way: "since you have cultivated well, leave the chiyun Zong." 

Rong Jue's face was stunned. 

"Master?" 

The white face of the emperor, who was wearing a green shirt and was more and more white, avoided his sight. He only looked at the pine trees in the distance. His white lips closed slightly and revealed his cruel words: 

"now that your cultivation has been eliminated and your spiritual roots have been destroyed, you are no different from ordinary people. I have decided to tell the patriarch that you can return to the mortal world." 

Rong Jue's various thoughts in his heart, however, showed the most favorable expression for his current situation without any teacher. 

The handsome man, still wearing bloodstained clothes, had a reddish eye tail and a shaking body. He knelt in front of the Supreme Master and raised his face and begged bitterly: 

"please, master, don't drive away the disciples. The disciples can gather spiritual power and continue to practice, master, master..." 

He had stepped into the market in order to continue his practice. Naturally, these appeals were readily available. 

I'm afraid that even if the heart is really hard as a stone, I'm afraid that he will be moved a little bit, but Shi Qing has no pity. Instead, he swings his sleeve and directly swings the eldest disciple aside. 

His voice was indifferent: "when you came into my door, I said you didn't have a chance to be a fairy. Now I have answered my words. Even if you return to the mortal world, you can also be a rich man. What's your dissatisfaction with?" 

It sounds cold. 

It also looks heartless. 

Rong Jue did not ignore that Shi Qing did not look at him when he said this, as if he did not dare to look at him directly. 

Shiqing didn't want to kill him, just wanted him to leave the Xiuzhen world. 

He had a bottom in his heart, and his heart became more and more confused. 

In fact, the memory of a hundred years ago is a little vague. He only remembers that he was expelled from chiyun sect after losing his cultivation. 

But now Shi Qing looks like this. He just wants to drive him out of the sect. Rong Jue thinks in his heart, and the more he pleads, the more serious he looks: 

"master, I don't want to return to the mortal world. I want to stay with the master." 

"As a mortal, what good end can you have if you stay in the cultivation world." 

However, the Qing Dynasty still insisted: "the life span of mortals is a hundred years, and there are many. Before you go, you can bring enough gold and silver to make you a rich man in the mortal world." 

Rong Jue faintly can feel the unbearable of the Qing Dynasty, but this silk can't bear to appear faintly. 

His first reaction was that the hypocrite was pretending again. 

But in the last night when Qing quietly came to heal him, this silk can not bear, it seems very real. 

In his heart, the devil looked down and his voice was sad. 

"I grew up in qingjianfeng when I was a child. My master drove me away. Where can I go? Now my cultivation is completely destroyed. It's no different from ordinary people. I go to the mortal world without the master's care. It's just like a knife board fish meat, which is insulted by others."As this sentence came out, Rong Jue was keenly aware that the jade white face of Shiqing was somewhat hesitant. 

He took advantage of the heat to hit the railway: 

"the disciple knew that since the spiritual root was destroyed, the fairyland was hopeless. He only asked the master to keep me in qingjianfeng, even if I was a sweeper." 

"I can only live for one hundred years. If I disturb you for one hundred years, please accept me." 

What he said was sad to hear and tears to see. 

Having said that, the elder disciple of qingjianfeng, who has always been a proud man, kowtowed heavily: "please, master!" 

The seemingly high-ranking master was really silent and didn't talk about driving him away. 

Rong Jue knelt on his knees and continued: 

"knowing the intention of the master to let his disciples leave the practice world, I was worried that I would be bullied if I didn't have the cultivation. But now I am a useless person. Even if I enter the mortal world, if I don't bring money, I will be destitute for the rest of my life. If I take money with me, it will be like a three-year-old child walking into the market with gold, or I will be a man-made sword and a fish 。” 

With that, he said in a firm tone: "if so, the master might as well give his disciples a death. I would rather die clean in qingjianfeng than die in other places." 

In fact, he was right. In his last life, he became a waste man. Shiqing gave him a lot of gold and silver and drove him away. 

A disabled man who can't even hold a sword appears in the mortal world with so much gold and silver. Isn't it just a three-year-old child holding gold in a busy market? 

In my last life, Rong Jue almost died. 

If he didn't fall off the cliff, he happened to get the inheritance of the demon clan. I'm afraid he didn't know he had the blood of the demon family. 

At that time, the devil decided that the gold and silver given to him by Shiqing not only showed his kindness, but also wanted to kill him, a useless man who could not protect himself. 

But now, Rong Jue slightly raised his head and looked at the jade figure shaped by ice and snow. His expression was cold and clear, and he felt his hesitation from his slightly twisted eyebrows. 

From his point of view, you can see the slender fingers hanging on his side. 

Slender white, trim nails with light pink, is very beautiful. 

But at the moment, such a good-looking finger but entangled slightly curled up, index finger and big finger uneasy staggered, unconscious friction. 

He hesitated. 

Because he was worried that he would drive rongjue out of the cultivation world, the fate of rongjue would really become what he said. 

In the end, the seemingly expressionless shangzun clenched his fist, hid it under his sleeve and made a decision. 

"Since you insist on doing so, I will allow you to stay in qingjianfeng." 

It's a different road from my previous life. 

Different from the teacher in my memory. 

Even though he had experienced too much, Rong Jue could not tell whether his memory of Shiqing in his last life was really like that, or whether he could not detect Shi Qing's real attitude towards him from the clues. 

He only showed just the right joy on his face, just like the stupid self a hundred years ago: 

"thank you for your success 

Rong Jue continues to kowtow, but the finger on the ground moves slightly. 

A trace of small evil spirit floated into the upper Zun blue shirt. 

He had just lost a lot of spiritual power. It was the weakest moment when Shiqing didn't notice. 

He is still a tone of Indifference: "nothing to quit." 

"As a teacher Oh 

When Qingyu white face showed pain, slender fingers pressed in the chest, feet almost can not stand. 

"Master!" 

Rong Jue stood up nervously with his face, and held the man who was about to fall. His hand fell on the other side's slender waist: "are you ok?" 

While saying the words of concern, and at the same time controlling the tiny evil Qi to continue to invade the heart vein that supports. 

The system lights up the alarm immediately: "host!! Something's coming into your heart! ] 

the system is proud to raise the data: [but don't be afraid, I've stopped the host! ] 

Shiqing's voice is smiling: [dear, don't stop it. Let it in. I'm useful, but the pain can be shielded. ] 

System: [???)??? ] 

it doesn't understand. 

I don't understand. 

But that doesn't stop him from being obedient! 

Rong Jue is satisfied to find out whether it is Shi Qing's great vitality now, or because he has become a waste man, Shiqing no longer has to guard against it, and his evil Qi smoothly enters the other party's heart. 

"Nothing." 

Covering his chest with white face, he stood up straight and waved his sleeve to let the eldest disciple leave: "you go back first Oh 

Shiqing seems to be more painful, shaking body uncontrollably fell into the disciple's arms. 

He can hardly cry when he has grown up. 

Of course, it's just an illusion. 

How could the superior who wanted to face cry in front of his disciples, but this did not prevent Rong Jue from seeing the other side's slightly red eyes and the light and repressed panting sound.He is a tall man. Even if he is injured now, he can easily hold his master in his arms. 

Feeling the other party's soft and powerless body, because of the pain close to him, Rong Jue realized that the master, who had been longing to eat his meat and drink his blood during his midnight dreams for more than 100 years, was so delicate and soft. 

When he just realized that he was born again, Rong Jue's thought did not change except to find out the truth that he didn't see in his last life, but he didn't change when he killed Shiqing. 

But now, pinch the soft waist. 

Back to the devil a hundred years ago, suddenly there is a new way of revenge. 

What is more humiliating to the other party than to break the wings of the upper statue in the shape of a jade figure and crush it on the couch? 

He was oppressed and subdued by his own disciple, who was raised by him. 

Can you still respect Shiqing shangzun? 

Listen to the ear teacher because of pain and thin weak panting, Rong Jue will directly hold the other side up. 

In the place where the master could not see, the corners of his lips rose slightly, and his eyes were full of potential. 

"I'll take you back to your room, master."





 Rong Jue in the last life into the demon world, and Xiuzhen world confrontation. 

He is too aware of the weakness of the cultivator. 

All practitioners lead the spirit as the body and run in the elixir field. Aura is too important for them. 

A practitioner's aura must be pure and pure. If he is slightly infected by the evil Qi, he will feel extremely painful and weak. If he is serious, he will be possessed by the devil. His cultivation will be destroyed and he will become a waste man. What's more, he will take the dog belt directly. 

Now, when he lost his aura, Shiqing was invaded by him. 

His evil Qi will always be hidden there, just as Shi Qing's aura is hidden in his elixir field. As long as Rong Jue thinks about it and moves his mind a little bit, his evil Qi will invade the Qingxin pulse and bring the other party's sharp pain. 

In other words, it is whether Shiqing's life can be preserved completely in the thought of rongjue. 

The devil could have turned his face directly, and once he had revenged his resentment, he could have asked Shiqing why he wanted to destroy his spiritual roots, and at the same time, he did not hesitate to spend a lot of spiritual power to protect his life. 

But now, holding the body powerless, nest in his arms issued bursts of breathing on the upper Zun, rongjue has only one idea. 

This is high, carrying a gentleman's face, but to him to make evil hypocrites press on the couch, let him also feel what it is like to be a fish. 

Rong Jue strides into the house. 

Whether in this life or in his previous life, he has gone from the future to the Qing residence. 

As soon as you enter the door, you will find the fragrance of Fengmu in the room. 

He frowned, but did not show anything, but toward the couch with a clear goal. 

The bed of clouds was spread on the couch of Shiqing. 

Cloud bed and Phoenix wood incense, but also expensive luxury goods, as the name implies, people lying on it is as comfortable as lying on the cloud. 

However, most practitioners don't care about their quality of life. Most of the cloud beds are sold to the second generation of practitioners who can't practice. 

Rong Jue is not surprised why he used the cloud bed. He was brought up by his predecessor. Otherwise, he would not humiliate his disciples so wantonly. 

"Well..." 

The man in his arms is already in a vague state of pain, and his forehead is dripping with sweat, and even his breath is weak. 

The devil easily put the other party on the cloud bed, and was about to release his hand, but the man who closed his eyes in pain suddenly grasped his sleeve. 

Slender white fingers force to the point of white, but weak to rongjue easy to wave down. 

The prey fell into the net, and the devil had no need to cover up. His originally sunny and handsome face was slightly raised, and his eyes were dark. 

Rong Jue pressed down the body, and the Qing face-to-face, is a close to the dangerous distance. 

From this angle, he can clearly see Shiqing's slightly wrinkled eyebrows and her red lips pursed because of pain. 

It's a beauty indeed. 

The devil thought, stretched out his hand, as Qing did last night, gently pushed the scattered hair of the upper Zun away. 

He opened his mouth. There was no worry in his voice. Instead, he was full of contentment: "master?" 

Rong Jue does not worry at all, when Qing can discover his mistake. 

What can we do if we find it. 

Now Shiqing's life has been in his hands, and there are many prohibitions here. Even if he did something to Shiqing, no one in chiyunzong could find out. 

Obviously, the trapped master couldn't find something wrong with him. Shiqing, who was breathing hard because of pain, didn't even open his eyes. 

Shangzun gasped weakly. He could hardly bear the pain, and his voice was trembling: 

"don't you Don't go west. " 

West side? 

Rong Jue looked back at the place where Shi Qing said that his magic power was practicing at a very fast speed. When he looked at the past, he could clearly see that there was a ban. The seemingly ordinary wall was actually covered with all kinds of rare treasures. 

The smile of his mouth gradually cooled down, and he looked back coldly and sarcastically at the thin white hand that held tightly to his sleeve. 

It is worthy of Shiqing shangzun. 

Even at this time, he was determined to protect his babies. 

In the eyes of his good master, he may be the kind of crazy and rebellious person who can steal treasures. 

In this way, he is a rebellious person, and he should do something too much. 

The devil's pity for his beautiful face soon disappeared. He was impatient and his hand fell directly on the upper Zun's belt. 

The belt made of cloud Satin slides down with his movements, and the broad and light blue shirt is free of restraint, and soon it slides to both sides. 

The beautiful woman has black hair and blue shirt. 

Soon, the only thing left in Shiqing was the middle coat. 

Looking at the scene in front of him, he bent down with a smile. His eyes were black and heavy, which was even more black than the water in the upper magic pool of the demon kingdom. 

His voice was a little hoarse, and the ending was joyful: "master, are you hot? I will help you undress. "The emperor still felt nothing because he was trying to resist the pain. He was singing in a soft voice. 

Rong Juquan, when he was tacit, reached out his hand with a pleasant mood of opening gifts and fell on the other party's middle coat. 

With the master's rapid breathing, the chest of the Lord fluctuated and fell, which also brought a little trouble to the devil's action. 

Rong Jue could have been lifted directly, but he didn't. 

He enjoyed the feeling of slowly unveiling, especially when his body was aware of the danger and was struggling to move, calling his name with a trill or even a cry tone. 

"Rong Jue..." 

The devil took hold of the hand that he held on to his sleeve, and grasped the slender wrist that seemed to break with a little movement. 

He maliciously clenched and watched the master unable to wriggle and struggle because of pain. 

"Master, I'm here." 

"You, don't go to the west side..." 

The man on the couch repeated it with difficulty. 

Rong Jue's sarcasm is more serious in his eyes. He does not delay any more. His hand falls on the other party's collar, and then goes up, which is the beautiful slender neck. 

The owner of the neck is still saying softly: 

"well I have put a ban on you, and you are now and now completely destroyed. If you touch the prohibition, you will be killed. " 

The Lord's hand stopped. 

He looked at his eyes tightly closed. Bai Shengsheng's face was full of sweat. 

Pain let him not once high, become like a human general weak pitiful. 

He put his other hand on his heart, and the corner of his eye was overflowing with a drop of crystal tears. He was unable to sink into the cloud bed. His beautiful and slender white neck was broken in pain, like a white swan stepping on a trap. 

It's like it's going to hurt like a faint. 

No one knows better than Rong Jue how much pain the evil Qi invades the heart. 

Even though he was a half disabled man at that time, his spiritual power still remained. 

If you want to turn to magic cultivation, it is equivalent to scraping the remaining aura in his body with a knife a little bit, and then the magic Qi will enter the body. 

When it comes to the heart pulse, it's like throwing the whole heart into the oil pan and frying repeatedly. 

It took a month for Rong Jue to turn to magic cultivation. 

It also hurt for a month. 

In a month, he suffered from several times to faint, and then woke up in the syncope. He could not hear the sound from his ears and his mouth could not open. He even wanted to hang himself without this strength. 

At that time, he swore in his heart that he would live and must live. 

Live to the moment of revenge. 

He must let Shiqing have a good taste of this kind of pain, and then he can be relieved of the hatred in his heart! 

But now, it's time to feel the pain. 

But in such pain to let him avoid danger. 

Rong Jue looked at the man trapped in the cloud bed. 

Finally, he took back the hand that had fallen on the collar. 

His mind moved, and the evil Qi which had been carefully tested at the time of clearing his heart pulse was immediately quiet and dormant. He hid himself quietly, as if nothing had happened. 

With the evil Qi no longer moving, the pain on Shi Qingyu's white face calmed down at the speed visible to the naked eye. He breathed gently, his chest was still up and down, and his tightly wrinkled eyebrows relaxed slowly. 

After the pain, he fell asleep. 

Only Yu Rong Jue sat beside the bed, looking at the time Qing with his heavy eyes. 

That's it. 

The devil sneered, and his hand fell on the upper Zun's slightly flushed cheek, gently feeling the tenderness of this. 

In any case, it's better for him to stay in chiyunzong just like this. 

The realm of his last life was beyond the admiration of the chiyun patriarch. Now, with the reputation of a disabled man, his cultivation is simple. 

Stay here for him to see what kind of medicine is sold in the gourd of this good master. 

When you get a good sleep. 

In addition to waking up because of sweating and a little uncomfortable, other places are also refreshing. 

As soon as he opened his eyes, he found something wrong in the room. 

It seems to be cleaner. The furnishings are all set right. There seems to be a smell of roast chicken floating in the wind. 

The smell of roasted chicken spread, and the saliva in the mouth was always secreted. 

He had already passed the period of Pigu. Of course, he didn't have to eat, but he didn't mean he didn't want to eat. 

It's good to be a monk. It's just that you don't eat. It's a bit grinding. 

Rong Jue is absolutely hearing and seeing now, when Qing all wakes up, he hasn't moved, obviously is to continue to pretend to be a disabled person. 

"Who's out there?" he asked 

The elder disciple, who was still wearing the clothes stained with blood and still pale, walked in quickly with an expression of admiration"Master, it's a disciple." 

Sitting on the cloud bed on the Zun slightly frowned: "Why are you here?" 

Rong Jue: "master, have you forgotten? Before that, you seemed to have angina pectoris, so I sent you to the room. " 

When he said this, he felt ashamed on a handsome face, as if he felt ashamed and remorse himself and bowed his head: "the disciple is a disabled person now. He has no strength even to go down the mountain. He can't help the master to call people. He can only stay here." 

Shi Qing: [small sample, it's quite similar. ] 

he moved his body. As soon as he was about to get up, Rong Jue strode forward, naturally helped him to stand up, and asked with concern on his face: 

"how is master feeling now? The disciple also noticed that the master's body seemed to be very weak, and you have been covering your heart. This is a symptom of great loss of aura? " 

"Nothing." 

As expected by Rong Jue, the master waved his sleeve and pushed him away. He didn't mention the topic of the loss of spiritual power. He returned to the cold and repulsive appearance again. 

"It's just some old disease. It's OK." 

Finish saying, he glanced at Rong Jue again: "I will pass on a person to come up to send you down the mountain." 

Rong Jue also did not object, cleverly should say: "yes, I respect my teacher." 

He could clearly feel that Shi Qing's attitude towards him seemed to be more gentle. 

Is it because he has become a disabled person, or is it because of his "unchanged" attitude? 

A green shirt on the Zun did not notice that his hair is a little messy, and then carrying that pair of cold face, it seems that some people laugh. 

Shi Qing: "what flavor?" 

Rong Jue said in a warm voice, "now that I have become a mortal, I can't make a valley any more. Just now I was a little hungry, I caught a pheasant and roasted it." 

He said, with a smile on his brow and eyes, and the little sun said, "I baked it when I was a child. I didn't expect that it was not strange when I was big. The taste is very good. Do you want to eat it? I will bring it to the master. " 

When he finished, Rong Jue did not wait for his reply. He turned around and went outside. When he turned back, he took a roasted chicken wrapped in leaves and covered with golden yellow oil, which was emitting a strong fragrance. 

He passed the roast chicken to Shiqing's eyes with a smile: "master, taste the craftsmanship of my disciples." 

Shi Qing looked at the roast chicken with "eat me, eat me" written all over the body in front of him, and hesitated to move his fingers. 

It's a pity that he is a practitioner who can build a valley. 

Looking at not cannibalism between the fireworks on the face of a cold, skimming his face not to see: "this is mortal, what can be tasted." 

The little sun rongjue's face immediately showed the loss, the expression quite some uncomfortable drooped the head, the tone all dropped eight percent. 

"Yes, the disciple himself became a mortal, almost forgetting that practitioners do not eat worldly things." 

He raised his face and tried to squeeze out a bitter smile. He handed the roast chicken to himself. "Please don't argue with my disciples." 

Rong Jue said this, originally also full of cold, in the face of mortal things to avoid the upper Zun eyelashes micro micro micro movement. 

Although there is still no expression on his face, Rong Jue can clearly feel that the upper respect in front of him seems to be somewhat at a loss. 

In order to accidentally stab his disciple's wound and do not know what to do? 

He lowered his eyes, covered the fundus of his eyes and thought deeply. He still made a pitiful look and tried to squeeze out a smile: "master, the disciple will go out first." 

As soon as I turned around, I heard a faint voice coming from behind: "wait a minute." 

He stood still, the more black eyes, obediently turned around: "master?" 

Not cannibalism between fireworks, has always been cold on the face of the Reverend, expressionless to his hand. 

"Bring it." 

Rong Jue's face immediately showed a big smile, very surprised appearance, will hold the roast chicken in front of the master. 

Looking at the golden and fragrant roasted chicken in front of him, he frowned slightly and looked a little disgusted. 

"What about bamboo chopsticks?" 

Rong Jue quickly replied: "no chopsticks, master, just tear it off and eat it. The roast chicken is very clean." 

The brow of the superior is more and more severe. 

As if to say: tearing to eat, too indecent. 

The most intimate disciple immediately asked, "is master afraid of oil?" 

"I will serve you." 

He said, and without waiting for a clear answer, he stretched out his hand, tore off a piece of meat, and handed it to the upper side of his ruddy lips. 

Still quite sunny smile, eyes as if there is no haze: "master, don't worry, disciple just passed." 

When Qing this just wrung eyebrow, slightly open mouth, try to eat that piece of meat into. 

Just after eating that piece of meat, the intimate elder disciple handed another piece of meat in the past. 

The master frowned and looked at him. After touching the smile of the disciple sunshine, he seemed helpless to lower his head and forced himself to continue eating.Rong Jue pushed forward and continued to feed each other. 

On the surface, he was respectful to Shiqing, but actually he was testing the bottom line of this master. 

He couldn't think of it, and at the same time took it for granted. 

Even now, the master, who still has a cold face in front of him, has almost no bottom line for his apprentice who should have hated and rejected him. 

Action, perhaps is too careful, is feeding his Rong Jue suddenly feel his fingers have a wet slide. 

When Qing should not be aware of, is still twisting eyebrows, while gently biting a piece of meat with white teeth. 

Because of eating meat, the red lips became more and more bright. 

It seems that this face, which always appears light and indifferent in the past, is also a bit more colorful. 

The devil's heavy eyes were staring at the emperor. 

Why didn't you find out before. 

He is a master. His appearance is rare in the three realms. 

The roast chicken was finally divided equally by Shi Qing and Rong Jue. 

After eating, rongjue was sent down the mountain by the people called by Shiqing, and Shiqing was comfortable to the couch. 

[comfortable! ] 

he boasted to the system: 

did you see that Rong Ju and I were just kind to each other, and he fed me half a chicken alone. ] 

System: [ But although the host you and Rong you ate toad together ] 

time clear: [etc. ] 

System: [? ] 

Shi Qing: [if you don't talk about chickens, you and I are really colorful. ] 

System: [ ] 

System: [Wuwuwuwu host, don't make fun of me at this time. You were very harmonious just now, but the rejection degree of rongjue was still 500, which did not drop at all!! ] 

Shi Qing lies on the couch, stares at the tassels above, and closes his eyes comfortably: [don't worry, the world is stable, OK, sleep. ] 

System: [ ] 

stable? 

Where is the stability! 

As for Rong Jue's exclusion, he didn't directly come to kill the division on the spot, which was already very polite. 

And the most important thing is that the host has only one month! 

It's been two days now! 

Two days! 

The system is careful: [host, do we want to discuss ] 

time clear; [zzzzzzzzzzzz ] 

System: Oh, woo, woo, woo. 

Time is just passing by in the anxiety of the system. 

Shiqing went back to sleep again. 

In other words, another day has passed since the deadline of one month. 

He was still not in a hurry, or he should meditate and fish when he should fish. 

The system has given up the struggle. 

The rongjue at the foot of the mountain is to practice magic while thinking about how to get close to Shiqing. 

Now rebirth once, the honor formula that had been on the throne of the devil in the last life is not interested in sitting in this position again. 

He just wanted to find out what happened to his good teacher. 

Last life's step by step pressure, move to death, this life even seems to have become another secret. 

Even if he still hates Shiqing, he wants to kill the other party immediately to vent his anger. If he doesn't know why Shiqing is so capricious, rongjue is not easy to start with. 

He regained the memory of this period in his previous life. 

It's a little vague, but he still remembers that he didn't get expelled from chiyunzong at the beginning of his last life, but he still lived at the foot of the mountain. At first, although he felt pain and became a mortal again, he had some maladjustment, but it was good to have younger martial brothers and younger sisters to take care of him. 

But soon, the younger martial brothers and sisters all came to the bottleneck period and began to close down. It was very common for a monk to close down for ten days and a half months. However, for the glory formula which had become a mortal at that time, it was just that there were no two supporters who would protect him. 

His predecessor was chiyun Zong, a famous genius. Naturally, many people did not like him. 

These are not satisfactory in his own strength online, when he was still a big disciple of qingjianfeng. 

However, after he became a disabled man and was obviously rejected by his master, those who once hated rongjue but could not do anything about him were eager to try. 

A grandson of shangzun was the first one to step out of the well and hit the stone. He wanted to kneel down on the ground to climb the school dog and drill under his crotch. 

At that time, Rong Jue was full of humiliation. Naturally, he didn't want to. He was beaten by those people and nearly lost his life. Finally, he passed on him one by one. 

He was on the door, and he was desperate. 

These things are still fresh in my mind. He still remembers the faces of those people clearly, but he can't remember the name of the man. After all, when he first entered the magic cultivation, he happened to meet the man and killed him with his own hands.There's nothing to remember about a dead man's name. 

But now, this person can be a good use of the object. 

At this time in his last life, Rong Jue had guessed that the person who destroyed his spiritual root was his most respected teacher. When humiliated by those people, he would not ask for help from Shiqing. 

But in my life 

Think of that obviously do not like, but for his word, forced to endure a frown to eat roast chicken on the top of the shape. 

Rong Jue had a new decision in his heart. 

So, in the time of cleaning incense, suddenly heard a cry for help: "master help me!" 

It was Rong Jue who crushed every apprentice's master Yujue and asked him for help. 

He immediately got up and put on a piece of clothing at will, and rushed to the foot of the mountain, ushered in a look very embarrassed, in fact, no injury at all. 

But after Rong Jue, there are some chiyun sect disciples who seem to be very arrogant and have no hurt, but their heart veins are almost full of evil Qi. 

His mortal disciple thrust himself into his arms and trembled vividly. 

However, there was no pity in his heart. 

After all, there's still a little bit of difference in body size. 

A big bear pounced on a sika deer. 

Sika deer will pity each other. 

In particular, the big bear pinched his waist with his hand, and buried his face in front of him, thinking that no one had noticed that he was taking advantage of him.





 For the first time, Shi Qing discovered that some people were more skillful than him. 

Seeing his big bear apprentice pitifully shrinking in his arms, his voice was stuffy: "thank you very much, master. If it's not the master, the disciple will die." 

After finishing this sentence, Rong Jue can feel the body being held by him is stiff. The waist is so thin that it can be grasped by one hand. The master tentatively reaches out his hand and pushes him. Rong Jue pretends not to feel it. Not only is he not pushed away, but also he is holding more tightly. 

Shiqing shangzun should still want to push him away, but those who are chasing rongjue have come. 

"You dare to run. I won't treat you today..." 

The head of that is put hard words to leave, a line of sight up, and face condensation, is cold looking at their own time Qing on. 

His face turned white, and he knelt down on one knee in a hurry, and made a junior salute: "I've seen the superior." 

The eldest brother knelt down, and the younger brother immediately knelt down with fear, and his voice was quite unified. 

"I've seen you, master!" 

When Qing looked at several people kneeling on the opposite side. 

The head of the group is very much in line with the cannon fodder appearance. His eyes are crooked and his mouth is slanting. Obviously, he is wearing the same clothes of the chiyun sect disciple as Rong Jue, but he just wears the feeling of a horror film. 

He looked away in disgust and asked in a cold voice, "which peak are you from?" 

"Disciple, disciple Chi xiafeng, Zhang Shuhui." 

The people behind him immediately followed, and they were all late xiafeng. 

When Qing is still cold face: "you late xiafeng people are good prestige, unexpectedly ran to my qingjianfeng, to hurt my qingjianfeng disciples." 

As soon as the words came out, people kneeling on the ground all shrunk a little. 

Zhang Shuhui was even more bitter. He had inquired about Rong Jue before he came here. It was said that Rong Jue was not liked by Shiqing shangzun, and even dragged his injury to be treated. That's why he had the courage to come to find trouble. 

If you have time to ask for justice for a little disciple you don't like, what's more, all the rongjue are useless now, so it's unnecessary. 

But ghost knows what happened to this boy. He is no longer as proud as before. Instead, he runs and shouts for help when he sees them. 

He had almost reached the stage of practicing emptiness before. He was the first disciple of qingjianfeng. He would not be ashamed! 

Zhang Shuhui dare to bully rongjue, but dare not offend Shi Qing. 

Although the master depends on his father, who makes qingjianfeng have a wide network. 

He gritted his teeth and tried to speak in his own right direction. 

"Please don't misunderstand me. I admire elder martial brother Rong Jue very much. When I heard that he had an accident, he brought him to visit. Who ever thought that elder martial brother Rongju did not know why and ran away when he met us. We thought that elder martial brother Rongju was still injured, and we were afraid that something might happen to him, so we rushed to catch up with him." 

Having said that, Zhang Pao Hui felt justified again. 

Yes, although what he said is a bit of artistic processing, but it is not close to the fact. 

Even if he has thought of countless humiliating ways in his mind, hasn't it been implemented yet? 

At this thought, he immediately cleared his face of the heart, and his voice became loud: "please respect and observe, don't misunderstand me." 

Shi Qing did not speak, has been "very afraid" and "carefully" in his arms Rong Jue got up first. 

He didn't lie. 

In his last life, the devil was really bullied and humiliated by these people. At that time, he was upright. He thought that he would let chiyun Zong make decisions for him with his injuries. 

But unexpectedly, these people's shameless degree greatly surpasses at that time is an integrity son honor Jue imagination. 

They got together and beat him upside down, saying that he had fallen off the road by himself, because he had become a mortal and had no spiritual power to protect his body, so he was seriously injured here. 

What's more, Rong Jue had been injured before and had never been treated by a doctor. Naturally, what they said was what they said. 

Finally, he was expelled from the chiyunzong, not counting his injuries, but also carrying a reputation of framing his classmates. 

The devil hiding behind Shiqing, a pair of good-looking eyes as if raised a trace of smile, and then disappeared. 

Once again, let these people also taste the taste of being wronged. 

He carefully moved to the master's back: "master, he is lying." 

The devil showed 120 points of acting skills. His face was full of pain. He bowed his head and said in a soft voice: 

"disciple Ben was well cultivated in the house. These younger martial brothers suddenly burst in and said that the disciple is now a disabled person, so he should not stay in the chiyun clan. If he wants to stay, he should become a dog with them." 

"Naturally, the disciples didn't want to, but they didn't care about qingjianfeng. They began to beat up their disciples. Now that their accomplishments are completely destroyed and they can't resist, they have no choice but to crush Yujue and the master laborer comes to rescue him." 

Zhang Shuhui and others who watched Rong Jue open their eyes to tell lies were as follows:Fuck! 

How can this man be more shameless than them! 

What can't help it? He'll crush them as soon as he sees them, OK! 

In other people's eyes, just let people hate teeth itching rongjue, actually is this kind of person??!! 

Zhang Puhui opened his mouth, closed it and opened it again. He was covered by Rong Jue's shameless operation. He didn't know where to start to argue. 

Fortunately, he didn't speak, and his younger brothers still had long mouths. 

"Nonsense! It's not like that at all 

"We didn't do anything at all. You ran away." 

"Yes, it's a good example." 

The handsome man looks like a wolf dog who has been wronged outside. He grabs the master's sleeve and sobs pitifully: 

"master, every word the disciple says is true. If the master doesn't believe it, you can see the wound on the face of the disciple. It's not them who beat him, and the difficulty is that the disciple can't do it himself." 

A group of people said You did it yourself 

They said why they came all the way. Rong Jue is a fast thief, but he always falls. He is waiting here. 

Rong Jue stretched out his hand, and pretended not to notice the stiffness of the other party, so that his fingertips fell on his cheek: 

"these injuries still have spiritual power. As we all know, I have become a disabled person. How can I use spiritual power? Master, you can see it." 

What he said was serious, and Shi Qing could only feel it carefully. 

"Indeed, there is still spiritual power here." 

He said, wrung his eyebrows and looked at the other people kneeling on the ground with disgust. 

"You broke into my qingjianfeng and hurt my disciples. Now you still want to pour dirty water on Rong Jue. Are you deceiving me that there is no one in qingjianfeng?" 

A combination period on the pressure of Zun down, Zhang Pao Hui almost did not kneel down, a soft leg to the ground. 

Zhang Puhui clenched his teeth and tried to squeeze out his voice from his voice: "shangzun, we really didn't do anything to elder martial brother rongjue." 

Even if Rong Jue said those are similar to what they imagined, isn't it not done yet? 

Shi Qing's voice was light, but his tone was impatient: 

"in fact, do you want to quibble?" 

"Do you want to tell you the rules in the law enforcement hall?" 

If you want to damage the same sect, you should spread the protective spirit power and receive 50 sticks. 

If he had done it, he might have admitted that he had done so, so that the punishment would have been heavier if the matter had become too big. 

Anyway, his grandfather is late xiafeng. Even if he is punished, the senior brothers of law enforcement hall must have a proper hand. 

But he didn't do it. 

If he didn't, he would be punished. 

Zhang Shuhui was unwilling to argue: "shangzun, disciple really..." 

One side has been silent to listen to their words Rong Jue suddenly cut in: "master, since the younger martial brothers are not willing to admit, it's all." 

He lowered his injured arm unnaturally, and Shi Qing leaned on his side: "the disciple is now a waste man, and he can no longer fight for the glory of qingjianfeng. The superior of Chi xiafeng is the grandfather of younger martial brother Zhang. Otherwise, younger martial brother Zhang would not be like this. If the master asked him to be punished, Zhang Cheng would certainly not allow him to be punished. Now that his disciples can no longer protect him, why should we qingjianfeng offend Chi Xia Peak. " 

Zhang Shuhui: 

Rong Jue first sought pity from the body of today's disabled people, and then various kinds of hints suggested that Zhang touhui dared to come to qingjianfeng to be wild only because his grandfather was superior. 

Although this is a fact, but really said, it is also shangzun, Shiqing shangzun listen to Rong Jue said, endure this tone is afraid of his grandfather. 

What a glorious formula! 

How vicious! 

He wanted to open his mouth to expose Rong Jue. He raised his eyes, but he just ran into the death ray from Shiqing. 

"I don't know. In chiyun Zong, the peaks are still divided into three or six grades." 

"What? Now my father is flying up to the upper world. You look at me late xiafeng, and there is no one to look after my green sword peak. Do you want to step on me to raise your prestige 

Zhang Shuhui: "shangzun misunderstood. It's really not like this..." 

When he touched it, he looked into his eyes, his body trembled and he did not dare to speak again. 

When Qing shangzun looked at them 

It's looking at the dead. 

The younger brothers behind him felt the danger and shrank back in silence, hoping to shrink into a group and disappear. 

Rong Jue stands behind Shiqing and looks at his angry appearance. 

That jade white beautiful face, also because of anger and revealed a little thin red, even that pair of always cold light eyes, as if with a few silk. 

It's really 

The devil gently raised his eyebrows, as if very afraid, and continued to lean on his master. 

What he said just now was not all for revenge.What's more, I still want to test what will step on his thunder point in Shiqing's mind. 

But just now, Rong Jue has been made clear. 

Sure enough. 

Shi Qing turned him into a waste man with his own hands, and at the same time hated others trampling on him and scolding him. 

What a contradictory person. 

Rong Jue remembers what he heard when he first entered the demon world. He likes to collect contradictory souls. The more contradictory they are, the more they like it. 

The soul will be confined in the crystal stone, take it with you, wait until late at night, and then take it out to enjoy it. 

At that time, Rong Jue thought that there was no contradictory soul in the world. 

Either hate to die, or love to the heart. 

But now, he actually saw such a contradictory and beautiful soul in the master he once hated most. 

The devil sighed at the bottom of his heart. 

It's too early to put Shi Qing in the crystal. 

Wait a minute. 

When he had tasted enough of his body, he could find out what he was hiding. 

At that time, I will kill him with my own hands. 

His beautiful soul is confined in the crystal stone, with him. 

That color, it must be very nice. 

The law enforcement hall has always been a solemn place. Because the punishment is too severe, the chiyun sect's disciples will try their best to avoid making mistakes, so few people come. 

But today, it's really exciting here. 

Some disciples quietly went to the door and looked into the scene inside. 

"What happened? Why are there so many people today? " 

"It is said that elder martial brother Zhang of Chi xiafeng took people to qingjianfeng and beat the elder martial brother of qingjianfeng. He happened to be hit by Shiqing shangzun. This is not the case. I'm here." 

"Ha 

This sentence contains too much information, and many students are a little confused. 

Zhang Shuhui is a person, they all know, always rely on his grandfather is late xiafeng respect wanton. 

But it's too wild to rush directly to qingjianfeng to beat other people's eldest disciples. 

When someone asked this question, he immediately got a well-informed answer: "you don't know. That elder martial brother rongjue doesn't seem to be very popular with shiqingshangzun. When he was injured before, shiqingshangzun didn't allow him to ask for a doctor for treatment." 

"I think that's why elder martial brother Zhang dare to go to qingjianfeng." 

With that, he said with emotion: "elder martial brother Zhang has taken too much for granted. Elder martial brother Rongju has been respected and raised since he was a child. I'm afraid that if he was too strict before, he also hoped that elder martial brother rongjue would become a talent as soon as possible. What happened between the master and the apprentice was not overnight. Just now I watched Shiqing shangzun go in. I'm afraid he can't be good this time." 

Almost all people who know the inside story think so. They think that Zhang Pao Hui is going to take advantage of the illness to kill people. However, they didn't expect that the news was wrong and hit the iron plate. 

No, it was brought directly to the law enforcement hall. 

If you go down with fifty sticks, you don't need spiritual power to protect your body. How long will it take to cultivate yourself. 

Kneeling in the law enforcement hall, looking at Zhang touhui, whose legs are so scared by the instruments of torture, that he is about to cry to death. 

He admitted that he had done a lot of things before, and this time he really intended to do something to Rong Jue, but now he is really wronged! 

The disciples who knelt down with him were crying. 

"Elder martial brother Zhang, what should I do? I'm weak. If I'm beaten with 50 sticks, can I have my life?" 

Zhang Shuhui doesn't want to care whether his younger brother is alive or not. He just wants to keep his butt. 

Fifty sticks, I'm afraid they will be broken. 

But even if he was afraid to death, he just held on to it: "panic what! I have just crushed Yujue and asked my grandfather to help me. What are you afraid of that we haven't done? " 

"Don't worry, grandfather will arrive in a moment. We will kneel here first. We can't get a stick right away." 

The voice just fell, when sitting above, Qing put down the teacup in his hand, and said in a weak voice: "since we have checked it out, let's play it." 

Zhang Shuhui: 

My little brother 

Seeing that the disciples of the law enforcement hall really came towards them with that thick big stick, Zhang Puhui, who was still holding on before, collapsed. 

Kneeling on the ground and crying: "please forgive me, forgive me, we really didn't do it." 

Rong Jue stands behind Shiqing, looking at the crying chapter throwing Hui on the ground with indifference. 

It's as if I saw the one who was beaten in the last life, but still had to be framed as a colleague. He was dragged to the law enforcement hall and was beaten 20 times. Finally, he was lying on the floor. 

At that time, there was a glimmer of hope in his heart. 

Looking forward to his master's help. 

But in the end, he was almost killed by a bag of gold and silver. 

Sitting on the chair, he might have noticed that Rong Jue's mood was wrong. He slightly twisted his eyebrows and turned to look at his elder disciple"But you don't feel well because the law enforcement hall has too much power?" 

The spiritual power of the law enforcement hall is so heavy that it is really beyond the endurance of a mortal. 

But Rong Jue is not a mortal. 

He lowered his eyes and showed a gentle smile. "No, I just saw younger martial brother Zhang like this, and I couldn't bear it." 

When Qing Wen speech, slightly pick eyebrows. 

"Why can't you bear it? But a person who has fallen into a hole is not punished seriously enough as a teacher." 

Rong Jue smiles. 

Yes, it's not too much to punish those who have fallen into the well. 

But if the man who threw him into the well, what punishment should he do. 

They were talking, and the fight was already under way. 

They were all those who had hardly suffered, and were immediately beaten and howling. 

Wearing a green shirt, his appearance is exquisite enough to make people want to hold him in his arms. He is so indifferent and looks down from the top. 

Behind him, he was a disciple who was loyal on the surface, but his hand fell on his master's shoulder. He was surrounded by a strong desire for aggression. 

Zhang Sihui at the bottom: "ouao, ouao, ouao, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch!! Please forgive me, forgive me!! Grandfather! Grandfather, help me 

After nearly ten strokes, a middle-aged man suddenly stepped into the room: "wait a minute!" 

The disciples of the law enforcement hall saluted one after another: 

"I have seen you." 

It was late xiafeng's Zhang Cheng. 

As soon as he arrived, he saw his grandson dying of beating. His heart was filled with hatred and pain. His sharp sight suddenly fell on the head of his body when he looked at him coldly. 

"When Qing Dynasty respected the prestige, when I came, I still sat in such a stable state." 

After that, his eyes fell on Rong Jue behind Shiqing, and his expression was even more gloomy. "If there is a master, he will bring out his disciples. The master is not sensible and even his disciples are so unruly." 

Shiqing chuckled at the corner of his lips and waved his sleeve, but he did not stand up. He continued to sit quietly: 

"Zhang chengshangzun is joking. You and I are both shangzun. Are you coming? Do you want me to be a disciple 

"My disciple was seriously injured by your grandson. Now it's my spiritual strength to stand here. The Reverend Zhang Cheng asked him to salute hard. Is it not enough to look at your good grandson who did harm to my disciple?" 

He and Zhang Cheng are not polite, but the sight of Rong Jue behind him is a little more complicated. 

In Rong Jue's impression, Shi Qing was always careful in chiyun Zong because his accomplishments were not as good as others. 

It is for this reason that he despises him. A shangzun, who is gentle and smiles at everyone outside, returns to qingjianfeng and shows his authority to his disciples. If he had not inherited his father's position, he would not have been able to sit in the position of Supreme Master in any case. 

But now, Shi Qing, who has always been cautious in his words and deeds, has been confronting Zhang Cheng, who is also respected by the emperor. 

The reason is that Rong Jue was injured. 

On the one hand, Rong Jue was shocked, on the other hand, he tried to control what he thought. 

Hiss. 

How could it be for him. 

If he really valued him so much, in his last life, when he was detained in the law enforcement hall, framed as a mortal and seriously injured body, and punished, where was Shi Qing. 

However, it was his provocation that had an effect before, and Shiqing tried to protect his face. 

Rong Jue is surprised, and Zhang Cheng is surprised that Shiqing dare to speak to himself like this. 

After surprise, there is anger. 

Is he still afraid of a man who has inherited the position of superior only by fighting for his father? 

In the period of integration, if Shi Qing had not had a good father, how could the emperor of qingjianfeng get him to sit in turn. 

Zhang Cheng sneered: "when Qing shangzun is now planning to tear a face with me late xiafeng?" 

Shi Qing waved his sleeve and dusted his face: "what did Zhang chengshang Zun say? Now your grandson has broken into my qingjianfeng and murdered my disciples. If we were not the two of us, I would have cleaned the door for you." 

"Where is he sent to the law enforcement hall with such kindness as he is now?" 

Zhang Cheng iron green face, looking at the sun son lying on the chair: "throw Hui, can there be such a thing?" 

Zhang Shuhui: "I..." 

Rong Jue suddenly said, "I can make a heart demon oath. What I said just now is not a word of falsehood. Younger martial brother Zhang dares to swear that you just said to my master that you came to visit me in qingjianfeng. Is that true?" 

Zhang Shuhui: 

He didn't dare. 

Zhang Cheng, who is familiar with his son's temper, was livid at the sight of his grandson's utterance: 

"why do you want to do this? You are doing harm to others but not to yourself!" 

Zhang Shuhui said I don't have one. " 

The top of the green shirt Zun slowly stood up: "since there is no, then set up a heart demon oath." 

Zhang Shuhui; " 

Zhang Cheng: "is there any?"Zhang Shuhui: 

Zhang Shuhui: "yes..." 

Zhang Cheng said: 

Everyone else came, but the grandson gave him such a show. 

But he has always been protecting his short comings. Even if he knew that his grandson had done something wrong, he didn't want Zhang touhui to really get through the fifty strokes. 

He gritted his teeth and stood straight. He looked up at the top of his green shirt and said, "Shiqing, they are young children. They are just aggressive. If not, I'm good at refining pills. You know that. In the next ten years, you can take chi xiafeng pills at will, on the condition that you let my grandson go." 

Zhang Cheng thought clearly. 

Although he is now backward, it doesn't mean he won't get it back later. Anyway, the talent of qingjianfeng is withering, and shangzun Shiqing has only a suitable period. At that time, it is not easy for him to find the court. 

Now the most important thing is to save his grandson first. 

He thought well, but on the top of his blue shirt, Zun didn't move, and his red lips opened slightly, revealing a word: 

"No." 

"Today, he deceived my disciples. I will let the whole chiyun clan know who can and who can't 

With that, Shiqing looked at the law enforcement hall disciple, "what are you doing? Give me a call." 

The howl rang through the law enforcement hall again. 

Zhang Cheng's face was dark. When he stood there, his sight was as if he was killing his father's enemies. 

When the fight was over, he lifted up his grandson. 

"Good!! Good, you are a good time, Qing shangzun!! If so, don't blame me! In the future, I will be late to xiafeng! We will never supply you a pill of qingjianfeng again 

Seeing the other side go, Rong Jue looks more and more complicated. He carefully pulls Shi Qing's sleeve: "master, it's not worth it to offend late xiafeng for my disciples." 

When Qing is still that pair of indifferent appearance: "have nothing to do with you." 

The more he is like this, the more complex his eyes flash out. 

The devil bowed his head and looked at the green sleeve he held in his hand and slowly tightened his hand. 

Master 

What the hell are you thinking. 

But Shi Qing was still thinking: "within three days, he would have known the whole chiyun clan. 

The reason why he used drugs all the time was that he had the wrong peak. 

Real talent skills, but point to the pill.





 Chi xiafeng really no longer supplies qingjianfeng pills. 

No one said anything about chiyunzong. After all, qingjianfeng is indeed a small number of people, not including the sweeping disciples, and there are only four people in total, including Shiqing shangzun himself. 

And now once known as the genius of the rongjue has become a waste, no longer need pills, need pills are only three people. 

The patriarch and the other lords also closed their eyes as if they had not seen it. 

Although it is said that this is Chi xiafeng himself to find trouble, but who let late xiafeng more people are also basically in the supply of the whole family of pills. 

If Shi Qing's father had not been promoted before, it would have been a good argument. But now the highest cultivation of qingjianfeng is just a Shiqing shangzun who is addicted to drugs. He can take care of it. For him, it's a little too bad for him to go to late xiafeng. 

Rong Jue had expected this. 

What is the first immortal sect? There is no less filthy under it than in the demon world. 

The so-called qingjianfeng has a wide range of contacts, but it is just the dust in autumn. Once the wind blows, there is no shadow. 

He was just curious. He always boasted that he had a high position in chiyun Zong and knew what he would think about it. 

It's easy for Rong Jue to know. 

Since he was "chased" by Zhang touhui, maybe he was worried that he would not be able to wait for himself as a mortal again. Shiqing took him with him directly. 

After all, let him go to the mortal world. Now he looks worse than a mortal. 

If he was left at the foot of the mountain, he was a mortal. If the people of late xiafeng took revenge on him, even if the time Qing Dynasty took revenge on him afterwards, it would be useless for him to die. 

Rong Jue can see that Shi Qing intends to keep his mortal disciple at his side all the time, so that he can live safely until the end of his life. 

What he felt was that since he became a mortal, Shiqing's attitude gradually became gentle, and he was no longer as cold as ever. 

Although the attitude is still a little cold, but it can be seen that Shi Qing intends to get along well with him in the future. 

It's easy to think. 

Destroy him, make him suffer. 

Now, what kind of master should I be. 

If the last life at this time of honor Jue, I'm afraid because of the slow down attitude of time Qing gradually put down the hatred in the heart. 

But now, Rong Jue is the one who has tasted the warmth and coldness of humanity, pain, torture, and lost everything. 

He can see that Shiqing seems to have a hard time, but it doesn't mean that he can let go of Shiqing. 

Of course, no matter what Rong Jue thought in his heart, before he came back from his cultivation, what he showed was still the disciple who admired his master as if he didn't know everything. 

Rongjue was directly carried to the top of the cliff. 

Then the two faced a very embarrassing question. 

When the house was built, the possibility of a second person was not considered. 

Of course, it has only one bed. 

So the question is, two people, one bed, how to sleep. 

The devil looked at the side of that slightly wrung eyebrows, as if thinking about how to do the master. 

He took the initiative to say, "let's sleep on the ground." 

On the blue shirt Zun as expected will be beautiful eyebrow twist tighter: "can not." 

Rong Jue himself has been injured, and now he is a mortal without spiritual power to protect his body. If he sleeps directly on the ground, what should he do if he is cold. 

Rong Jue was not surprised by Shi Qing's reaction. 

But his face was full of hesitation: "but if you let the disciples sleep in bed, where does the master sleep?" 

The jade white face on the top shows a bit of boredom. 

It is impossible for Jin Zunyu to sleep on the ground since he was a child. 

He directly waved his sleeve and sat on the bed and said in a cold voice, "tonight, you will make do with me for the night, and then let sasao deliver a wooden bed to you tomorrow." 

"Yes." 

This is a happy answer. 

So next, Shi Qing sat on the soft cloud bed and watched his eldest disciple busy. 

He even burned the water and brought it into the house. 

Junlang's face was full of sunshine and haze free smile: "master, I will wash your feet for you." 

Shi Qing: [washing feet or something ] 

System: [host, it's too easy to refuse. You are a practitioner, and you don't need to wash your feet. ] 

time clear: [good stimulation. ] 

System: [???)??? ] 

System: [ ] 

however, even if Shi Qing is interested, he certainly can't agree to it. 

So Rong Jue saw his master, who seemed to be spotless all the time, glanced at himself: 

"no need." 

Knowing that Shi Qing is a practitioner, he does not get dust on his body. 

Can see his eyes like that, Rong Jue clenched the hand of copper basin or clench a few more tightly. 

After all, such a look in his eyes easily reminds him of his previous life when he was lying on the ground like a dog with wounds all over his body, subconsciously looking at the good master sitting on the head.At that time, when Qing is with such light, as if nothing can enter his eyes, indifferent looking at him. 

"Ka -" 

when the small sound of fragmentation sounded, Rong Jue suddenly returned to his mind and looked at his master with a wry smile: 

"master The master asked his disciples to do something. Now, I can't do anything for qingjianfeng anymore. I can only do small things by doing these ordinary people. " 

That sitting on the cloud bed on the green shirt Zun, as expected, after he finished this sentence, his expression was slightly Zheng. 

"even the tone is gentle." 

"Yes 

Rong Jue seems to be very happy with a smile and put the copper basin on the bed. 

Seeing Shi Qing leaning over his boots, he stretched out his long hand and naturally fell on the other side's ankle. He looked up and laughed at Shi Qing: 

"master, I will serve you." 

The superior is not used to contact with people, which can be seen from the subconscious pulling back of the ankle in the hand of the devil. 

Rong Jue drooped his eyes and looked very lost: "master also dislikes that the disciple is a waste man. Can't you do this little thing to serve you?" 

It's a hundred tricks. 

At least for Shiqing. 

The devil easily got the right to take off his shoes and socks for his master. 

He first took off the boots, which were as spotless as their owners, and then took off the white Shengsheng Luo stockings inside. 

Shi Qing's feet are not different from Rong Jue's imagination. Bai Shengsheng's fingers are small and round. You can see that you haven't suffered a lot from birth till now. 

So is it. 

Qing shangzun was born to love him. 

How can you suffer. 

The devil hold that can be called a small ankle, almost nostalgic, gently rubbed with his fingertips. 

Until the upper Zun sitting above twisted eyebrows, a little discontented to move, just as if nothing happened, the pair of white feet fell into the water. 

"Master, is it too hot?" 

As he lifted the water to the feet, he raised his eyebrows slightly and looked up at the master above. 

"No 

Qingshan Zun light voice back, see the disciple is starting to wash his feet gently, eyebrow twist more and more fierce. 

"You don't have to," he said 

Rong Jue: "now that I stay in qingjianfeng, I have nothing to do. Master will let my disciples serve you." 

Shi Qing was silent for a while. When he opened his mouth again, he hesitated and proposed: "although you are no better than ordinary people, there are many people in the mortal world who are looking for immortals. If you take you as a teacher, they will certainly treat you..." 

"Master." 

The docile elder disciple suddenly interrupted Shi Qing's words and raised his head. His face was full of rejection. 

This time, he did not sell miserably. Instead, he said directly: "the disciple grew up in qingjianfeng. This is the disciple's home. If you want me to go, where can I go?" 

Shi Qing's expression seemed to be a little stunned. 

After a long time on Zun, he hesitated and said, "but you have no cultivation now. It's inconvenient for you to be in the cultivation world." 

"I don't care." 

Rong Jue's expression gradually turned to rumu. He was only half kneeling. Now he directly put the other knee down and walked forward. Regardless of the rigidity of the master, he gently leaned his head on Shiqing knee. 

His voice was trilling, almost imploring: 

"master, in the eyes of the disciples, you are just like a father. Now the disciple has become a disabled person, and his life span is only a hundred years. I know that in the past, the master was strict with his disciples and made excellent ones. But since it is impossible for the disciples to embark on the road of cultivation, can you Can you let me stay with you and show more filial piety. " 

This is a kind of sincere feeling. 

If he didn't say this, the hand holding the master's knee was stained with the evil spirit of killing machine. 

Rong Jue can feel that with his words, the teacher's body, which was slightly stiff because of his too close action, is slowly softening. 

Until finally, a hand with a little temperature, slowly fell on his hair. 

When Qing sighed: "is the teacher too to you..." 

After saying this, he did not follow the topic, but gently touched Rong Jue's head and said in a soft voice: 

"since you don't want to leave, you can stay in qingjianfeng in the future. Before you go to bed at Shouzheng, your teacher will protect you." 

Rong Jue raised his eyes, his eyes were bright. 

"Thank you very much, master." 

This night, the two were sleeping in the same bed. 

This time, the devil didn't do anything. He just lay by the side of Xianzong, closed his eyes and practiced his magic Qi. 

He was a full-scale Tuba to come back. In addition, the cultivation method of demon cultivation was to sacrifice the opportunity of ascension for rapid and intensive cultivation in a short period of time, so the cultivation was naturally and incomparably fast.At the same time, his mind occasionally flashed a rare gentle tone to him. 

So gentle, it seems that he is really a good master for his disciples. 

The next second, this idea was suppressed by Rong Jue. 

He is no longer the child who was excited by his master's praise. 

When he reached the fitness stage. 

The game should be over. 

Because the mortal apprentice is around, it is not easy to shut up. 

After all, he was shut up for several months and years. If he had a deeper understanding, he would have turned to white bone after opening his eyes. 

But if you don't shut up, you can do something else. 

For example, alchemy. 

Shi Qing first found a book about Dan Fang in his collection. 

The first refining. 

Ah, there are twelve full round pills. 

He was a genius. 

Second refining. 

Twelve doubled to twenty-four. 

Then there are pills that are said to be difficult to refine. 

Super hard to refine pills. 

It's very, very difficult to refine. 

All of them were successful. 

During this period, Rong Jue has been standing by his side, looking at the master who can't do anything again and again, he is surprised in his eyes. 

In his last life, he had never heard of Shiqu Qing's talent in pills since he left qingjianfeng. 

He couldn't help asking, "master, have you ever studied alchemy?" 

"No 

Standing in front of the furnace on the blue shirt, his tone was milder than before. Although there was no expression on his face, he could also see from his eyebrows that he was a little happy. 

He looked down at his slender white hands. 

Always indifferent eyes, hidden a little starlight: "I thought, I really in the cultivation of very mediocre." 

Rong Jue came to his side: "master, how can you be mediocre? I've never heard of it before. What's more, what's more, what's more, what's more, what's more, what's more, what's more, the master's Alchemy can't be perfect all the time." 

After living in the demon world for so long, Rong Jue has learned to talk about people and ghosts. Now, this talk is so neat. 

Originally in the eye has a little star light when Qing is really more happy, he even slants his head, to Rong Jue to show a smile. 

"If you want any pills in the future, just talk to me directly," he said generously 

Rong Jue looked at his smile and was stunned. 

In memory, he never saw Shiqing smile so happily. 

This beautiful face is full of laughter, which is so attractive. 

He always carried his back behind him, and his hands of cultivating evil Qi stopped for the first time. 

The light evil spirit disappeared, only the slender hand curled up slightly was left. 

Ding! Rejection degree: 499.5500] 

System: [host Do you feel like the world is a little dangerous. ] 

Shi Qing: [MMM? Because the first decimal point? ] 

System: [ Almost? ] 

in any case, it is the first time to encounter this kind of decline, and the rejection degree drops by 0.5. 

What a grudge. 

Jpg 

the naive system is obviously a little flustered when it comes to this situation for the first time, but Shiqing is OK: [it would be nice if he would drop 0.5. If I were treated like that, don't say 0.5 or 0.00005, I would not have dropped. ] 

How can a sunny man finally become a gloomy and cruel devil. 

The sugar is in the back. ] Shi Qing comforts the lovely little system as usual: "take a rest, the world will not fail. ] 

sugar? Where's the sugar? 

AI Nao Bu's system is full of brain every day. One day, the host gets a good sleep, and Rong Jue beside him suddenly pops up and stabs him with a knife. Oh, no, he doesn't have to use the knife at all. He just cleans up the evil Qi in his heart when he detonates it. 

Generous Shi Qing: [darling, go and play. I feel bored. I can buy some games with my points. ] 

every family has its own difficulties. His system is just a little worried, and Shiqing accepts it well. 

[oh ] The system agreed and added anxiously: "in a word, if the host is in danger, call me at any time. We don't want to score points and run away. ] 

[peace of mind, go. ] 

coax away the small system that likes to worry about, when QingWang looks to the side, he still has the honor formula of "I adore and admire master" all over his face, and the smile on his lips slightly rises. 

"I want to try to refine longevity pill, do you want to watch it?" 

Longevity pill has always been the most difficult pill to refine.Maybe it's because life extension is against the world consciousness. A longevity pill is absolutely hard to find in the market. 

Yanshou pill is inferred from the aspect of Dan. 

Ordinary, that is to extend life by 10 days and a half months. 

Xiaoyuanman can extend life by at least five years. 

Dayuanman can extend life by about 50 years. 

The last is the longevity pill of Danxia. 

This kind of life extension can be at least 100 years, followed by less than 200 years. 

The refining difficulty of Yanshou pill is absolutely the biggest. 

Even if the Dan master of Mahayana wants to refine, he needs to spend a lot of time and energy, and in this way, if he wants to refine a longevity pill, he has to waste many furnaces. 

Finally, even if it is refined out, it is only a small round full at most. 

Now, the first day of alchemy, the Qing Dynasty will refine longevity pills. 

On the one hand, Rong Jue felt that he was really a newborn calf who was not afraid of tigers. On the other hand, he had just witnessed the success of Shiqing refining once and again. He felt vaguely that maybe Shizhen would succeed. 

After all, he has never failed. 

The big disciple with a low eyebrow and a good eye stood aside: "the disciple is watching on the side." 

The leaders of the chiyun clan are discussing about qingjianfeng and chixiafeng. 

"Shi Qing was still too young to save face for a disciple who destroyed the spirit root." 

"But I vaguely remember that Shi Qing didn't like him very much. Why did he..." 

"He was young, and his cultivation was unstable. Zhang Cheng's grandson insulted his disciples so much that he hit him in the face of qingjianfeng and in front of so many disciples in law enforcement hall. If he was willing to let Zhang Cheng's grandson off for the sake of pills, how could he stand up in front of his disciples in the future?" 

As soon as he said this, several other masters who were drinking tea all nodded: "yes, Shiqing is still too young. Ah, they all say that tiger father has no dog son. His father is really a powerful man. How did he get here Ah. " 

"It's just too spoiled. Now we're OK, and we can take care of it. When we all rise or fall in the future, we'll have nothing to rely on. We don't know if we can keep the green sword peak." 

As they were talking, Zhang Cheng came out of the peach blossom forest and saw some people in this leisurely posture. He said with a smile: "what are you talking about? How about taking me with you? " 

Shangzun, who was sitting outside, got up, but did not cover it up. He said with a smile, "he is just talking about you and Shiqing. After all, he is a child and has never suffered any hardship. At first, his father entrusted us to take care of him before he ascended. Shangzun should not make it too difficult for him to do it." 

Hearing this, Zhang Cheng's face took a sneer: "he doesn't regard me as an elder. Why should I leave any face for him? I don't need to persuade me. I supply the whole red cloud sect's pills in late xiafeng. Why should we see his face?" 

"Isn't he going to play hard with me? Let's see what he will look like in the future if he has no pills. " 

Is saying, several people's expression actually slightly moves, coincidentally looks toward one direction. 

At that place, the original clear sky is flashing colorful lights. 

It's even amazing 

You Zun suddenly stood up: "Danxia! This is Danxia! " 

"Chiyunzong has not seen Danxia for more than 1000 years. Which Dan master is refining pills?" 

Late xiafeng Dan division, almost everyone's line of sight fell on Zhang Cheng. 

After being surprised, Zhang Cheng's expression became faint and proud: "look, that direction is my late xiafeng side. It must be my three disciples who have refined a pill with Danxia. He has always been gifted and intelligent." 

"Just..." When he said this, he hesitated: "Chi xiafeng, my three disciples who only returned yesterday, can refine a pill with Danxia in one day and one night, which is too fast." 

He wanted to analyze it again, but the other masters couldn't wait. 

"Let's go and have a look, and we don't know whether it's a coincidence or what. If we can refine a pill that can lead to Danxia in the future, we must determine our own pills first." 

There are many levels of pills. It is well known that the most powerful and the most difficult to refine may lead to Danxia. 

The status of Danshi in the world of cultivation is high, and the one who can refine Danxia pills is definitely picked up by a group of practitioners with advanced cultivation. 

After all, no one knows when he will need pills, and pills that can attract Danxia are absolutely the best choice for practitioners. 

Zhang Cheng saw that they were so eager that he held up his waist with pride. Obviously, he also wanted to know which of his good disciples had attracted Danxia, but he also wanted to take Qiao and say, "forget it, it's younger generation. We're not good in the past like this." 

"What's wrong? I haven't congratulated Zhang chengzun for getting such a good apprentice." 

Zhang Cheng became more and more proud. 

Now his peak out of a can attract Danxia Danshi, qingjianfeng more no confidence against him.The party went straight there. 

Along the way, many disciples met Danxia and were curious to go in that direction. When they saw them, they saluted and avoided one after another. 

The more you go that way, the more wrong they look. 

"Strange, it looks like the sky above qingjianfeng?" 

"Yes, the late xiafeng is in front of us, but the Danxia is not on it." 

Zhang Cheng's original proud look also gradually changed. 

He looked at the Danxia that stayed above qingjianfeng. 

No, Shiqing has never refined pills. He has three disciples in qingjianfeng. The first one is useless, and the second and third disciples are also sword practitioners. 

It can't be made by qingjianfeng. 

Listening to a disciple's envious voice, he said: "I don't know who refined the pill with Danxia from qingjianfeng. It's so powerful..." 

Zhang Cheng's face sank. 

He was very sure: "it can't be made by the people of qingjianfeng, but it must be my late xiafeng." 

Several other venerable: "in this case, we will know when we go and have a look." 

Because Zhang Cheng's face was not very good, they didn't walk directly. Instead, they flew to qingjianfeng and landed in front of Shiqing's residence. 

"What a strong Danxia." 

"Here it is." 

Several people were talking when the closed door suddenly opened. 

Shi Qing came out with the box in his hand. 

He was followed by Rong Jue, but they were all ignored by several people. 

Shi Qing: "why do you want to come to qingjianfeng today? But come to me for a drink 

Several people's sight almost immediately fixed on the box in his hand, smelling danxiang, all looked shocked. 

"This danxiang Is it longevity pill 

"Is it the longevity pill of Danxia?" 

"Shiqing, who refined this 

In a few pairs with shock at the moment, when Qing opened the box, will be inside the two longevity pill exposed. 

The white slender fingertip fell on a pill and took it out. Under the shocked sight of several upper zuns standing opposite, they put it into the rongjue mouth. 

Rong Jue looks slightly stiff, subconsciously looking at his master. 

When Qing slowly took back his hand and ordered, "don't eat it yet." 

Rongjue droops his eyes and is full of complexity. Even if he puts it in front of the chiyun patriarch, he will be cherished and treated as Danxia longevity pill. 

A master was even more surprised: "this is Danxia longevity pill! Did you give it to a disciple who destroyed the spirit root? " 

On the green shirt, Zun was smiling and in a good mood: 

"why not?" 

"I was made with him."





 A longevity pill. 

Or a lead to Danxia longevity pill. 

In this way, under the eyes of several venerable masters, they were fed to a disciple whose spiritual roots were abandoned and could not step into the fairyland in the future. 

But they can't say anything, because the longevity pill is refined for the disciples. 

Several of you are heartache and heartache. 

This is longevity pill!! 

Even if they are faced with this pill which can increase the life span of at least 100 years, they are still yearning for it. 

After all, there is a long way to go. It is like walking in the dark at night with an eye mask on. No one knows if he will fall off the cliff next time. In case the realm is dead or alive for some reason, the longevity pill is the last hope. 

A hundred years later, maybe in this hundred years, the cultivation of the realm will be improved again, and the life span will be prolonged. 

The longer you live, the more you cherish your life, and so do some of you who respect nature. 

Because of their status, it's not easy to pull down their faces and say, "why do you give it to me?" they can only chat up and say: 

"I didn't expect that you would refine alchemy." 

"Yes, you are a child that I grew up with. I didn't know you could make alchemy." 

With that, some people looked at Zhang Cheng with a smile: "when we came, we couldn't believe it. After all, you were all not Dan masters on qingjianfeng. Before that, Zhang Cheng respected him and said that Danxia might have been introduced by his late xiafeng disciple. Unexpectedly, it was you." 

"Oh?" 

When Qingguo really looked to the Zhang Cheng who was standing there, he said with a smile: "speaking of it, we should also thank Zhang Cheng for the respect." 

"If it had not been for the emperor's order to stop supplying me with qingjianfeng pills, how could I have tried to make pills by myself? If not, I would not have found that I still had some talents in alchemy. It took me more than an hour to refine two life prolonging pills. It seems that I am more suitable for late xiafeng." 

Zhang Cheng said: 

More than one hour??!! 

At this time, it's really a talent of Dan master!! 

He wants to show his prestige to this younger generation, but how can he become a new talent for him?? 

His face was blue and white, but there was no retort for the pills. 

Even Zhang Cheng didn't dare to turn his face. 

He sniffed danxiang between his nose and looked at Danxia in the sky. He already knew that he was not only losing an adult this time. 

Now a new skill suddenly appears in Shiqing, which is better than his skill in business with his late xiafeng. These old foxes will surely have to switch their guns again. 

Zhang Cheng is right. 

To help a young man who is addicted to drugs is different from helping a person who can refine Danxia. 

Especially for these masters. 

It seemed that they suddenly found out all the advantages of Shiqing's younger generation, and they were all amiable. 

"When you were young, I knew you had a great future. Although your father has been promoted now, we still have to take care of it. Since you have talent in pills, you can concentrate on your research." 

"Yes, it took more than one hour to refine the longevity pill, but it still attracted Danxia. Even if it was Zhang chengshang, I'm afraid it's very rare." 

"No, it's not. Zhang Cheng, the master of alchemy who practiced since childhood, has no idea. It is better than you who have never been exposed to alchemy." 

When Qing looked at Zhang Cheng, whose face became more and more ugly, his smile did not change: "we still have to rely on Zhang Cheng. If it wasn't for him, I wouldn't start refining alchemy." 

Yeah, that's right. 

If he didn't have a conflict with Zhang Cheng, he blocked the whole qingjianfeng. Since he was young, Jin Zunyu was noble. How could Shi Qing try to make alchemy by himself. 

However, although he said so, the masters would not really think that Shi Qing said this in gratitude. 

They all smile at each other and give each other the right look. 

It seems that in the future, it should be far away from Zhang Cheng. 

But first of all, their eyes fell on the remaining longevity pill: "Shiqing, this longevity pill, what are you going to do?" 

Qingshanshang Zun pretended that he didn't understand their hint. He put the pill into the ring and said with a smile, "I still have him." 

"As you all know, the longevity pill that can produce Danxia is really rare." 

"Yes, yes, yes." 

"That's right. It's natural to take such rare pills." 

Several of them all laughed and tried carefully: "if we want pills in the future, can Shiqing refine them for us?" 

This time, Shiqing agreed happily. 

"Naturally, if you have any pills you want in the future, just come to me. You don't need any reward. You can bring enough herbs." 

Anyway, every time he comes out of the stove, he is almost twice as much as the other Dan masters, and then he will take a double pill.As soon as the words came out, the elders' faces immediately showed a smile. 

"I knew you were a good-natured man," he boasted 

"Thank you so much. If you can use me in the future, you must do your best." 

As for Zhang Cheng, whose face is very ugly, who cares. 

However, he was just a Dan master. He really thought that the whole chiyun sect depended on the pills refined by him late xiafeng. He looked like his nostrils were facing the sky every day, even though his grandson ran rampant in the chiyun clan. 

Before that, they could also worry about Chi xiafeng's supply of whole pills. The most important thing was that the pills used by the disciples were good and could be bought in the market. However, when they reached their level, the pills to be used could not be refined by ordinary Dan masters. 

Chiyunzong is a sword cultivation school, so Zhang Cheng can stand out. 

But now, he is no longer the only Dan master who can supply the venerable masters. 

Shiqing is more powerful than him, can speak more, has a better attitude, and even doesn't charge any fees. Isn't it clear at a glance which one to choose? 

On this day, many disciples saw the masters coming down from qingjianfeng. Shiqing shangzun gave them gifts, and they all returned the gifts with a friendly smile. 

A happy look. 

Some slow disciples didn't notice, but those who were sensitive knew that qingjianfeng and Chi xiafeng were fighting against each other in this arena, and other masters were standing in line with qingjianfeng. 

But why? 

Without waiting for these disciples to think clearly, Shiqing shangzun of qingjianfeng turned out to be a Danshi genius that had never been discovered, and soon spread throughout the whole chiyun sect. 

Even the whole world of practice. 

At this moment, almost the whole Xiuzhen world was shocked. 

Of course, they were not shocked that Shiqing, who inherited the sword Xiufeng of qingjianfeng, was actually a Dan master. 

They were shocked that he had just started refining pills at the beginning of his life. He could actually refine Danxia's longevity pill. 

Longevity pill!!! 

I'm afraid that he will be able to walk horizontally in the future. 

After all, the reason why Danshi has a special status is that all the great powers with high accomplishments all ask for from the master. 

Before that, when Qing and late xiafeng were hard and hard, and many people thought that qingjianfeng should be cool under the leadership of this superior. 

To my surprise, he actually fought back from the Jedi. 

And, in an unexpected way. 

After creating many practitioners who shocked the chin, Shi Qing still practiced in his own house as before. 

The difference is, this time, he had more disciples around him to serve him. 

In the morning, he gargles his face, eats three meals a day, and even washes his feet at night. 

I can't see that there is a cruel devil in the heart of such a gentle disciple. 

Rong Jue seems to have been bought by the longevity pill, more respect for the master. 

If it wasn't for the fact that he didn't reject him, Shi Qing might have believed it. 

Because in the Qing Dynasty, the element of "refining longevity pill" had always been regarded as a high status in zongmen. In fact, he was a half marginalized figure, and he was finally exposed in the eyes of the high-level zongmen. 

Especially after he refined three stoves of Da Yuan man pills and sent them to the zongmen storehouse. 

On the tenth day of Shiqing's coming to the world, the patriarch sent a disciple to deliver a key to Shiqing. 

The disciple respectfully said, "master Tao, this is the key to the secret place. This time, I have got five keys. One key can take one person into the secret place, and it will be opened in 19 days. Then shangzun can take one person into the secret place." 

Rong Jue, who followed the master's side, moved his eyes slightly. 

This secret place key is usually used as a big reward for those who contribute to the sect. After all, the secret place is so large, there are so many treasures, but there are so few keys. Even if you go in and pick it up, you won't go back empty handed. 

In his last life, Wei Xuan's secret place was also this time, but in his last life, he didn't ask for help from Shiqing, and Shiqing didn't fight with Chi xiafeng for him. 

Chi xiafeng didn't stop supplying pills, so his good teacher couldn't refine it himself. 

In this way, when there was no contribution, how could Qing shangzun get the key. 

And this time, it's all different. 

When Qing waved, let the key fly up and down to his own hands, the expression seems to be some happy appearance. 

He seldom shows his emotion on his face, even if there is a light. 

But Rong Jue stayed by his side for a long time and could see his every move clearly. 

When the disciple left, Rong Jue asked, "master seems to be happy?" 

"Yes." 

With a smile on his face, Shi Qing looked down at the key between his white Palms: "I heard that there is a spirit stone that can see the past and the future in the secret place of tail suspension. I want to see the future." 

With that, he raised his eyes slightly and looked at his elder disciple with a smile: "there is no danger in the secret place of tail suspension. This time, I can take you with me. I hear that there is a spiritual spring, and all kinds of diseases will not invade the mortals after soaking."Rong Jue also showed a smile of sunshine: "master, I have worked hard for my disciples. I really appreciate it. I really don't know how to repay my master." 

Hearing this, the smile of Zun's mouth on the green shirt became more and more gentle, and even his voice seemed to soften down: 

"as long as you have a good life." 

He was born well, usually cold as ice, when the whole body momentum is soft, that white and beautiful face will become more and more bright. 

Rong Jue fixed looking at the rare gentleness of the master's eyes. When he saw it, he really thought so, and his eyes became a little bit soft. 

He suddenly asked, "master, the three of us, master is the most important disciple?" 

"Nature." 

Shiqing did not hesitate at all. After answering, he looked at the eldest disciple with some doubts: "why do you suddenly ask such a question?" 

Rong Jue: "just suddenly want to ask." 

He always fell behind the right hand, with the answer of time Qing slightly relaxed, the corner of his mouth also slowly cocked up a small arc. 

Ding! Rongjue rejection: 450 out of 500] 

the system is excited to cry: [not easy, not easy!! ] 

System: [this rongjue is too difficult. It's been ten days. ] 

Shi Qing: [don't worry. ] 

when Rong Jue dropped so much in one breath, the system was really not in a hurry. He said with great peace of mind: "since this hole has been broken, it should be much simpler in the future. ] 

did not answer. 

When he was going to continue refining alchemy, suddenly came the voice of Huan Tuo: "master! Master 

Rong Jue slightly raised his eyes and looked out: "it should be younger martial brother." 

He turned around and wanted to ask Shiqing if he would let his younger brother in. But when he turned his head, he noticed that Zun on the green shirt was more gentle and smiling than just now. 

The good mood of the devil was immediately destroyed by this smile. 

He clenched his fist slightly and pursed his lips slightly: "master?" 

When Qing did not answer him, but the tone with a smile, toward the outside Yang voice way: "come in." 

The second disciple Shanglu immediately pushed the door and came in. Seeing Rong Jue, he was more happy with his smile and saluted them respectfully. 

"I've met my master, I've met my eldest brother." 

He stood up and didn't notice the slightly gloomy face of Rong Jue. He looked up at Shi Qing and spoke in a friendly tone: 

"as soon as I got out of the pass, I knew about master's Alchemy. I haven't congratulated him yet." 

"What's the joy of this? If Chi xiafeng didn't deceive people too much, he didn't need to do it himself." 

With a smile on his green shirt, he waved to the second disciple, his eyes filled with gentleness: "have you passed the pass? How can we break through the realm? " 

"The disciple is dull and has no breakthrough." 

Although there is no breakthrough, the tone of Shanglu is still jubilant. 

He should be happy. After all, as soon as he got out of the pass, he knew that the master had the talent of master Dan, and he was willing to take care of the elder martial brother. 

He even gave the longevity pill to the master. 

Shanglu Ru admires the master and worships the elder martial brother. The master doesn't like the elder martial brother. He is also distressed. Now the relationship between the two is relaxed. Of course, he is happy. 

"You just can't get down." 

When Qing stretched out his slender white fingertips, and with a smile he pointed on the deer's forehead, and said with a smile, "the skin monkey." 

In front of the elder martial brother's face, he was told by the master that Shanglu was a young man. He looked at Rong Jue with a bit of embarrassment: "elder martial brother seems to be in a good condition. Congratulations, elder martial brother." 

He looks handsome and has changed into a white dress. He can't see the injury. Rong Jue reluctantly pulls the corners of his mouth and smiles at his younger martial brother. 

He just felt sarcastic. 

Before that, he thought Shiqing was special to him. 

But now we can see how he gets along with Shanglu. What is the meaning of the teacher's kindness and his apprenticeship's filial piety? His happiness is harmonious, and his rongjue can be regarded as an insight. 

He once knew that Shi Qing was close to Shanglu, but once he felt that it was because Shanglu was the descendant of Shiqing's mother's family. 

It's time to be close to each other by blood. 

But just now, the master clearly said that he valued him most. 

Shanglu didn't find the elder martial brother's mistake, and he was still like usual. He was talking to Shi Qing, who was both an elder and a master: 

"I don't know why. I feel that my cultivation is loose, but I can't break through the realm. Today, the more I practice, the more depressed I feel. I just went out of the pass. I didn't expect to hear such good news as soon as I came out." 

From the beginning to the end, Shi Qing listened quietly to the second disciple's recitation with gentle and patient eyes. 

Clearly he did not speak, but in the eyes of onlookers, how harmonious and harmonious they should be. 

Rong Jue's right hand behind his back is more and more tight. 

There is a faint evil Qi from the palm, and he suppresses it. 

Finally, with a smile, he said to Shanglu: 

"younger martial brother, if you have just passed the pass, you should consolidate your cultivation. Otherwise, it will be very difficult to break through the realm next time if you are not stable."His elder brother always had a high position in the eyes of younger martial brothers and sisters. When he said something, Shanglu immediately nodded and said, "what the elder martial brother said is, I will go down the mountain to consolidate my cultivation." 

"Master, I'll see you next time." 

When Qing smiles and nods, sees the second disciple to leave, suddenly calls him: "wait." 

Shanglu looked back at a loss, and then saw the master waving his sleeve and sent nearly ten jade bottles to him. 

"There are all pills refined for the master. Some of them can calm the mind, some can restore Qi and blood, and some are beneficial to cultivation. You can take them back and share them with your younger martial sister when she is closed." 

"Thank you very much, master!" 

On the deer is not polite, directly received their own ring. 

He wanted to be a coquettish girl like before, but he was afraid that the elder martial brother would not feel well because of Rong Jue, so he would quit if he was forced to restrain it. 

The master who always loved him didn't just want to give him these. He took out a pill box again, waved his sleeve and sent it to Shanglu's eyes. 

Smelling the danxiang which was still strong even when the box was closed, Shanglu looked up at the master with disbelief: 

"master, is this 

When Qing smiles at his silly disciple: "is the longevity pill." 

"It is out of Danxia, at least can extend a hundred years of life." 

"This pill will be given to you." 

Ka! 

Rong Jue clenched his fist. 

What is the most important disciple. 

What cherish each other. 

What makes alchemy for him. 

It's all fake - 

the system is suddenly exploded, and the alarm starts to beep. 

[rongjue rejection degree: 500 out of 100] 

[rongjue rejection degree: 550 out of 100] 

[rongjue repulsion degree: 600 out of 100] 

[rongjue repulsion degree: 669 out of 100!!!!! ] 

the system is going crazy: [ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh, ahhh!! ] 

Shiqing is still at ease: [panic, don't worry. ] 

there seemed to be some cracking sound in the air, and then there was a crash. The border on the west side was broken by force, and the treasures hanging on the wall fell down one after another. 

Originally, he was smiling and looking at the second disciple's green shirt and suddenly turned around and looked at the elder disciple standing on his side. 

Rong Jue still carried his right hand, but this time, he did not cover up the huge evil spirit. 

The elder disciple, who was still handsome in appearance, slowly showed a smile and controlled the evil Qi around him. Because the realm was not reached, he could not detect the evil Qi on the side of the deer neck. 

Looking at the evil spirit twining, the upper Zun white face: 

"Rong Jue!" 

I don't know what happened because I don't know what happened. I look at the elder martial brother who started to look at him. 

"Master?" 

He didn't know that at the side of his neck, there was an evil spirit that killed him for one second. 

Rong Jue stretched out his hand slightly, and a wisp of magic Qi that only Shi Qing could see slipped into the upper deer's body and entered the heart vein along the meridians. 

As long as the devil moved his finger slightly, the two disciples would be in a different place. When Qing Dynasty, the jade white face was flustered and yelled subconsciously. 

"Dare you 

Rong Jue is no longer camouflage, the smile on his lips is getting bigger and bigger, which is full of the whole room, full of the evil spirit of killing and invading. 

"What is the master talking about? The disciple is now a waste man. In front of you, there is nothing to dare to do." 

He laughs, his eyes full of joy and resentment. 

Although he is not in the realm of the devil, he can definitely hang the whole one. 

So, what else. 

Said, the devil looked to one side, blankly looking at their deer: "younger martial brother, is it time to go back?" 

Shanglu didn't know what happened, but somehow felt that the situation was wrong. Subconsciously, he said, "I want to stay here for a while." 

"No problem." 

Rong Jue didn't get angry. Instead, he was smiling gently. He was still the elder martial brother who was friendly to younger martial brothers and sisters: "younger martial brother is close to master. It's reasonable to want to accompany him." 

After saying that, he looked at the green shirt and looked cruel. He did not hide the threat in the slightest: 

"is what the disciple said right?" 

"Master." 

When Qing facial expression is pale, turn to scold on deer: "retreat!" 

"Master?" 

"I will ask you to step down!" 

"But master..." 

Seeing that he did not leave, Shiqing directly waved his sleeve and forced the second disciple out of the room. 

"I'm going to shut up. If I don't, don't disturb me." 

Shanglu was thrown out cleanly and fell into a daze. Before he got up, he heard the words and became more confused."Master? What happened, master? Big brother? " 

Inside came a cold voice: "I still don't step back. I want to give you a hand again!" 

The monk in the fitness period could not bear the palm of Shanglu. He was full of grievances. The boy could only get up and limp down the mountain in a daze and pitiful way. 

Feeling that he was gone, Zun on the green shirt suddenly breathed a sigh of relief. 

But the next second, the devil's quiet words let him tense up: "master really love younger martial brother, ah, it's hard to protect himself, but also want to keep younger martial brother." 

When the innocent face, look still with some can not believe: "who are you?" 

"If the master says so, I will be sad." 

Rong Jue smiles and looks at him. His sight is full of tyranny and aggression: 

"although the disciple is not as good as Shanglu to be liked by the master, he has grown up around you, but you can't recognize it?" 

"No..." On respect bite teeth, jade white face is full of firm: "you are not Rong Jue, Rong Jue won't show this kind of expression." 

"What kind of look is that?" 

The devil looked at the master in front of him, and he laughed, and the laughter became bigger and bigger, full of sarcasm. When he finished laughing, he looked at Shiqing and said coldly: 

"after the master destroyed my spiritual root, do you still expect me to be as stupid and obedient as before?" 

His face turned pale. 

Rong Jue smile, step forward, when clear subconscious white face back a step. 

He laughed more happily: "is master afraid now?" 

"You're afraid, too?" 

"Did you think of today when you destroyed my spiritual roots?" 

Standing in the same place on the white face Zheng Leng for a few seconds, suddenly suddenly suddenly turned to flee toward the house, the next second, his body suddenly frozen. 

Strong evil Qi, like a vine, surrounded him from all directions and trapped him firmly. 

A long hand suddenly fell on his waist. 

With a full sense of occupation, the whole body of Shiqing was held tightly to his side. 

In my ear, the magic master's magnetic hoarseness and joyful voice came: 

"master, you owe me..." 

"It's time to pay it back."





 Still! 

Being suppressed by the devil, Shi Qing wanted to say: 

no problem, you can return it to me! 

However, even if his body is excited and excited to shiver, he can only make a pale face and don't want to talk. 

The devil looked at being put on the cloud bed by himself. He could not move because of the suppression of his spiritual power. Only the master, who seemed to be weak, was shaking slightly, and his eyes sank. 

"Is the master afraid?" 

Rong Jue bent down and gently lifted up a wisp of hair when Qing. 

The next second, the cloud bed on the Zun not easy to stop the body shudder began. 

"Afraid of me?" 

At the beginning, he was still smiling, but his face suddenly became gloomy. The hair on his hand was soft and smooth. 

But why isn't its owner like this. 

After holding back a hundred years of resentment, Rong Jue thought that he would humiliate Shiqing when he went back to repair. Even if he didn't kill him for the time being, he must frighten the other party well. 

But now, looking at shangzun, who was unable to lie down on the cloud bed, his beautiful eyes, which were still gentle and smiling before, were looking at him with fear and repulsion. His beautiful lips seemed to have been affected and began to turn white. Rongjue did not feel as happy as he had thought before, but his tyranny seemed to rise to a higher level. 

What do you do with this pathetic gesture? 

Isn't he the one who did the evil and the cruelty? 

Is that what you're afraid of when you're exposed? Then why did you do it in the first place. 

Shi Qing: [no, Rong Baobao is so exciting. I want to knock him down! ] 

the system has given up the struggle when it looks at the rejection rate of 600. 

System: [if the host wants to attack, the world has no hope anyway, Wuwuwuwu. ] 

he tried to block his system every time. This time, he did not block it. Instead, Shiqing controlled himself. 

My tong'er has been following me for so many years. Why can't you understand? How can I lose. ] 

on the cloud bed, shangzun, who was unable to struggle, was slightly pale. While trying to get up with his slender wrist, he looked at rongjue: 

"Rongju, things are not what you think..." 

"I know," he said with a smile 

"Don't be impulsive..." Just as he was saying this, he heard what Rong Jue was saying, and immediately he was stunned: "do you know?" 

Rong Jue stretched out his hand, and the slender big hand grasped the master's white tender arm without any politeness, and put the man who was weak because of the suppression of spiritual power into his arms. 

Feeling his tiny and hard struggle, cruel hand began to peel his clothes. 

"Did the master destroy my spiritual root in order to make me a mortal?" 

"Before, I couldn't figure out why the master was so good to younger martial brothers and sisters, but he always treated me coldly. The younger martial brothers and sisters were promoted in their cultivation, and the master would praise them for their progress and understanding, while the master scolded me for being so crazy for a little promotion." 

The blue coat fell to the ground. 

Thin and soft silk lying quietly on the ground, completely unaware that their master is struggling with a weak body. 

The master whose spiritual power is suppressed is a mortal. The devil can easily hold his two arms in one hand. With a cruel smile, he continued to say in a tone of Indifference: 

"in the past, I thought that the master wanted to be a strict teacher because of my good spiritual roots. Later, I thought that the master hated me and wanted to suppress me, but now..." 

"Master, you don't want to see my accomplishments. What you want is that I become a mortal." 

The weak and boneless body stopped struggling after hearing this, and her gorgeous face showed a struggling look. 

He murmured, "no..." 

"No?" 

In fact, the devil didn't care how Shi Qing explained it. He was not the elder martial brother of qingjianfeng who could be forgiven by the master's words even though the truth was in front of him. 

He is the devil. 

Is after the demon world battlefield, saw all over the human world, the Xiuzhen world, the demon world of all kinds of ugly demon honor formula. 

Human beings are special in themselves. 

Compared with the past variety, the sight of the devil is more easily attracted by the beautiful butterfly in front of him, no matter how he struggles. 

"Master." 

He fixed his eyes on the red tail, heard his voice, and looked at shangzun in awe and at a loss. 

He lowered his head slightly, and his lips fell to the small white earlobe of the upper Zun, and the magnetic voice was lowered. He did not hide his malice: 

"do you think that's why the disciple did this to you?" 

"No 

"It's you, master. It's so tempting." 

Finish this sentence, the devil looked at the time can not set the trust to look over the line of sight, laugh wildly and wantonly.With a wave of his sleeve, the curtain was lowered. 

The master was staring at the encroachment in the eyes of the eldest disciple, and finally realized what he wanted to do. 

His subconscious white face turned to escape, but was a slender hand out of the thin ankle. 

A little bit, dragged back. 

The idea choked and was hidden under the curtain. 

In the morning, when the sun came in, Shiqing was lying on the cloud bed. Beside him, he was surrounded by a code of honor that held him in his arms. 

He opened his eyes slightly, with tears in his beautiful eyes. 

The Emperor didn't make a sound, but he hung his head in silence, as if it was very cold, and curled up under the quilt. 

Shi Qing: [cool! ] 

yesterday, I had expected that I would see the mosaic system and hear the host's voice, so I dare to be cautious. 

Seeing that there was no mosaic, he sighed with relief and whispered, "host, he didn't bully you, did he? ] 

[bullying? ] 

when Qing was buried under the bed, she raised her eyebrows slightly on her jade white face. If it wasn't difficult to collapse the furniture, he would have been very lewd and laughing. 

[bullying still exists, but it's not that kind of bullying. ] 

System: [???)??? ] 

system; [he really bullied you! Then let's run! ] 

Shi Qing refused: "I don't run. It's hard to find someone who understands this, so I don't run. ] 

the system full data question mark that didn't dare to appear yesterday: [understand? ] 

Shi Qing: [Tut, you don't understand, but I do. ] 

so it's better to be reborn. 

At least if it was Rong Jue before, he would not know what toys he had never been to the demon world. 

But this magic honor formula is very clear! 

He must be a good father. ] 

System: [? ] 

Shi Qing: [seeing how well his toys are prepared, I must have thought about it for a day or two. ] 

System: [???)??? ] 

Shi Qing: [well, if you don't understand, it's really rare that you can be so lovely after being with me for so long. ] 

although it seems that I haven't understood it, the system wants to show that the reason why it can keep pure after following the host for so long depends on its being a data creature. If you clean up the data directly, it is the small system that is clean and real every day. 

Shi Qing: [OK, let's get back to the point. What's the rejection rate of Rong Jue. ] 

system; [rongjue rejection degree: 599 out of 100] 

it has completely stopped struggling. 

He even began to comfort Shi Qing: "it doesn't matter if the host is here. You can treat the world as if you're here to play. I can treat it as if I didn't see it. ] 

anyway, they are about to be ejected from the world. 

Shi Qing is still that pair of not unexpected appearance: "OK, I know, you go to play. ] 

the system runs to pour the data. 

When Qing shrinks in Rong Jue's arms, feels the other side's hegemony, remembers all that happened last night, deeply feels that he is really too cute. 

I don't know if rongjue was intentional. Anyway, the spiritual power in Qing's body has come back, even stronger than before. 

The boy used double training to him. 

It's very considerate. 

When the Qing slightly moved the body, difficult from the devil's arms to get up, looking down to close the eyes sleep rongjue. 

After no longer camouflage, his gentleness seems to have been swallowed overnight. Even now he is asleep, his whole body still has a fierce momentum, like a sharp sword out of sheath, waiting to kill people anytime and anywhere. 

Shiqing was not afraid of him. He just sat there quietly and enjoyed the good-looking face of the devil. 

Ah, this face, this eye, this long eyelash. 

He reached out his hand, and finally did not resist, and his fingertips fell gently on the handsome face of the devil. 

The next second, a long hand suddenly raised, holding the white fingertip of the upper Zun. 

The sleeping man opened his eyes and looked like a sleeping lion. Even if he didn't speak, his face didn't have any ferocious expression, he couldn't be underestimated. 

Holding Shi Qing's slender fingers, he was playing with the white, raised his eyebrows, looked up slightly, looked down at his superior. The taste of playing was: 

"master is so interested in his disciples in the morning?" 

As the night passed, shangzun seemed to have given up the struggle. His body was still covered with bedding, his eyes were red, but his expression was still inviolable. 

He did not answer Rong Jue's words, only asked: "why do you turn into a demon cultivation." 

"Don't you know why I became a monk?" 

Rong Jue with a smile, obviously ate the master who coveted him for many days, which made him feel very good: "the spirit root is destroyed, I can no longer accommodate the aura, of course, it can only be turned into magic cultivation."Shiqing suddenly took back his hand, with anger in his eyes: "what I asked is how you became a witch, who taught you!" 

Looking at his ugly face, the smile on Rong Jue's face suddenly fell down. 

When Qing Zheng Zheng Zheng looking at such a demon. 

He who doesn't smile 

Better look ~ 

"master..." 

The devil once again held out his hand. This time, he forced the master's hand in the palm of his hand, and lifted a faint sneer at the corner of his lips: 

"it seems that you haven't figured out what the current situation is. Now I'm the top one and you're the next one. Do you think I'm still the little disciple who allows you to bully me?" 

Seeing shangzun's expression, he seemed to be frightened by his own expression. Rong Jue laughed again, patted the back of his hand, and felt the tenderness and tenderness of his body. 

The devil got close to the master's ear and opened his mouth. He was dumb and low, such as the devil whispered: 

"it seems that the master is very curious about me." 

"Well, let's make a deal. The master will ask me what he wants to know, but if you want to get my answer, you have to take the initiative." 

The emperor asked cautiously, "what is the initiative?" 

The long hand of the devil lifted the mattress. 

"I took off your clothes last night, and you put them on yourself again." 

"Today, if you want to ask me a question, please ask me one and take off one."





 What kind of experience is it to have a demon disciple who wants to press you on the bed anytime, anywhere. 

If you ask Shi Qing to answer, there is only one word: 

cool! 

No one else. The devil is really good at playing. 

Various models, all kinds of start. 

As if without a teacher, he can learn everything and learn everything quickly. 

He has recovered his spiritual power, and his complexion has recovered quickly. He is embarrassed and pale standing by the bed. 

On the cloud bed, the devil was looking at the opera and pressing his chin: 

"don't you want to know a lot of things? Don't hurry up. " 

The master is still struggling: 

"I am your master, and I made a mistake last night. Rongjue, I know you are angry in your heart, but you should not do this. This is really, really..." 

Rong Jue listened to this as if he was accusing him of vexatious words, impatiently stretched out his palm, inside, there is a group of magic gas in the rotation. 

Seeing that shangzun, who has been chattering and trying to persuade him to stop, closed his mouth and looked at the evil Qi with a kind of fear that people would like to drag his arm onto the cloud bed. His voice trembled and asked: 

"what is this?" 

Rong Jue shrugged: "it seems that you feel ah, yes, I put evil Qi in the heart vein of Shanglu. As long as I want to, he will die suddenly." 

The Lord's face became more and more pale. 

He was even a little flustered, which can be seen from some stuttering words: "Shanglu always respects you, rongjue. I know it's me who is sorry for you, but Shanglu has never been a bit wrong with you. If you have anything, come to me, don't involve him, OK, Rong Jue..." 

Again! 

Even though he knew clearly that Shanglu and his younger martial sister were his good disciples in Shi Qing's heart, he once again saw that his good master had been made by him last night, and he didn't express his cry for help. Now he begged him for Shanglu's weakness, so the tyranny in rongjue's heart could hardly be suppressed. 

He sneered and cruelly squeezed the evil spirit in his palm: 

"what's wrong with him? Don't you know that, master? " 

"Shanglu is innocent, but who let him be your treasure? Since the master loves him so much, he is naturally a thorn in my eye." 

Listen to Rong Jue does not hide his anger, when Qing's face and white. 

"Don't stand still. I don't have time to spend with you." 

Because time Qing is so nervous on the deer, Rong Jue's original good mood is gone. 

He didn't want to admit that he was jealous. He took the anger as the anger of the hypocrite. 

Since I like deer so much, why did I take him rongjue as a disciple. 

Don't think he doesn't know that his spiritual roots are good. At the beginning, many people were scrambling to become his master. If Shi Qing hadn't talked about his father's help, how could he have fallen to qingjianfeng. 

When he thought of his uneasiness, he asked the elder martial brother who took him to qingjianfeng to accept him as his apprentice. The elder martial brother was full of envy and said: 

"when qingshaozun was in qingjianfeng, he took a fancy to you and said that he wanted to accept you as his own disciple. Shaozun had not taken an apprentice, so you will be his only direct disciple in the future." 

At that time, how yearning, now how ironic. 

"Master, I'm afraid I forgot. How did you ask your father to help you grab me as a disciple made me think wrong. I thought the master valued me. Thanks to Shanglu. If he hadn't come to qingjianfeng, I would have been silly to think that being strict with me is the way that the master valued me." 

"Shanglu is innocent, but it's his crime that he likes you. You'd better do as I say, otherwise it's up to you, the master, to see what happens to him." 

Rong Jue let the magic Qi rise in his hand and fall into the air. 

As long as he moves slightly, the evil Qi will fall, and the evil Qi left in the heart of Shanglu will immediately let him die. 

The LORD did not know that the devil was bluffing him. 

Although Rong Jue hated Shanglu for being loved by him, he didn't really forget how Shanglu treated him. 

Although a hundred years later, he had no feelings for his younger brother, but he didn't kill him. 

If the time is clear, the deer will not die. 

If Shiqing should not, Shanglu is not so important to his good master. What good is killing him for rongjue. 

"Master, do you want to ask me questions? The disciple is waiting. " 

After standing stiff for more than a minute, the master shook his hands and dropped his fingertips on his slender belt. 

The shirt fell. 

His face was white, and he closed his eyes tightly in the sight of the devil, and his body was shivering all the time. 

"Open your eyes." 

But the devil did not let him go, but cruelly asked the master with high self-esteem to face the confusion.That can almost be called win weak body shiver for a moment, finally, or slowly opened eyes, the eyes of water bright as if implied in tears. 

He and Rong Jue on the line of sight, quietly pleaded: "Rong Jue, is the master for you, you want to fight to kill all good, don't do this to me good." 

Rong Jue but smile: "No 

"Master, do you feel heartache now? Did it hurt when I was destroyed by you? " 

Shangzun's beautiful lips moved slightly, but did not continue the topic. Instead, he took a deep breath and asked in a low voice: 

"I have taken off one now. Can I ask you a question 

"Of course, a dress, a question." 

Shi Qing: "who taught you to practice magic cultivation?" 

Rong Jue: "no one taught me, but I found a magic cultivation inheritance by accident." 

This is not a question of speaking. This is how the glory formula of last life stepped into the road of magic cultivation. 

When Qing body a shudder, take a little nervous to ask a way: "where did you discover? Is it in my chiyun sect? How can chiyunzong be mixed into the inheritance of magic cultivation 

Rong Jue raised his chin: 

"after answering a question, if you want to ask again, give me another dress." 

Just as if he had just realized that his present situation was being coerced, rather than the master who was caring for his disciples, he looked down slightly, gritted his teeth and threw a garment to the devil. 

See him open mouth to ask, Rong Jue reminds him: "master, you don't have many clothes on your body. If you want to ask, you can ask after thinking well." 

As soon as he said this, he hesitated. 

Even if he asked where the sorcerer passed on, it would not change the current situation. 

He hesitated for a few seconds, then continued to hesitate and asked, "what's the point of your cultivation now?" 

Rong Jue picks eyebrow: "big ride period." 

"Big ride period?" 

The emperor was even more surprised: "this is less than half a month. Why did you arrive at the Mahayana period at once?" 

This, of course, is because the rongjue is still a full size. 

Of course, the devil would not say so. He only looked greedily at the teacher who was wearing less clothes and thinner body: "I have finished answering your question. If you want to ask another question, please give me another one." 

When Qing hesitated to lower his head, his beautiful face showed a little timidity and resistance: "but there is only one left..." 

He did not give up lifting his eyes, and his lips were as delicate as petals. Finally, he said it: 

"rongjue, please let me go." 

"I destroyed your spirit root, you also destroyed mine, I owe you back, you let me go?" 

Looking at the master who begged in front of him, he stood barefoot on the ground, and his beautiful face was full of pitiful appearance. Rong Jue sneered: 

"yes, the master raised me to grow up, and I can let you go." 

When the eyes saw, the clear face immediately showed relaxation, and the water color in the eyes was soft. 

Rong Jue: "but as a price, I will take the life of younger martial brother and younger sister." 

The look of the Lord changed. 

He looked at the devil in disbelief and said: 

"master, you have only two choices. You can either serve others with lust, accompany me and be humiliated by me, or I will let you go, and younger martial brothers and sisters will accept it for you." 

"Of course, at least I'm their senior brother. Don't worry, I won't let them go. Just move your finger, they can leave the world painlessly. In this way, master, your sense of guilt will be less." 

Deliberately said let people more painful words, looking at the beautiful face of the pale gradually gray down. 

In the end, Shi Qing threw the last garment to the ground. 

The jade white skin seems to be trembling slightly. 

With his eyes red, he asked the last question softly: "what are you going to do next?" 

Rong Jue knew that what he asked was what he would do next after he became a sorcerer. 

Do you want to leave the Xiuzhen world and go to the demon world, or do you want to stay here and pretend to be the disabled disciple. 

But looking at the trembling man in front of him. 

He slowly got up and hugged the warm body in front of him. He felt the soft black hair of shangzun falling on his cheek. 

Itching, as if to itch to the heart. 

"Master..." 

His voice is very gentle. It seems that he is still the elder martial brother of qingjianfeng who is gentle to his younger brother and younger sister. 

Just said the words, but let the body tremble more and more fierce. 

"Next, I want to stay with you and continue to be your disciple." 

"Was it not for the sake of younger martial brothers and sisters that the master refused to show me a smile?" 

With a smile, he gently let go of the man in front of him, held out his finger with cocoon, stroked his jade white face, and said with a happy smile:"But from today on." 

"Master is my own."





 The 25th day when Shiqing came to this world. 

Qiao Lingyu knocked on the door of Shanglu with uneasiness. The pretty girl's face was full of uneasiness. Seeing Shanglu coming out, she hesitated and asked: 

"second elder martial brother, have you and your eldest brother not appeared for a long time?" 

Shanglu nodded: "indeed, the master is just that. The elder martial brother is a mortal, and he didn't come down the mountain to buy rice. What's more, yesterday was all souls' day. In the past, the master always went down the mountain to buy something, but yesterday he never showed up." 

When I heard the elder martial brother's approval, Qiao Lingyu's expression became more and more uneasy: 

"and in the past, I went to see the master every time I went out of the pass to see the master, but the master didn't even open the prohibition, saying that he was practicing and asked me to go back." 

Qiao Lingyu broke her fingers and said, "it's been many days since you visited the second elder martial brother. This is too abnormal." 

Shanglu also felt abnormal. 

Especially when he was driven down the mountain in a muddle headed way last time, the more he thought about it, the more wrong he thought about it. 

The master is always close to him and gentle. When did he speak to him in that tone. 

In addition, since he saw the master last time, the ban on the top of the mountain has never been opened, and Shanglu is a little restless. 

He gritted his teeth and said to his younger martial sister: 

"instead of guessing here, we'd better go up the mountain to see what it's like." 

Qiao Lingyu nodded, and her face was still sad. 

Master, she doesn't worry much. The master is a monk in the right period, but he is the elder martial brother 

In the past, the master didn't like him very much. Now the elder martial brother is a mortal. Even if he had heard that the elder martial brother had given the longevity pill to him, Qiao Lingyu would still worry about what happened to him. 

They went up the mountain together. Sure enough, they went into the courtyard and saw the prohibition. 

They can't go forward, Shanglu can only step forward, shouting: "master, disciple on the deer to see you." 

In the dark room, Shiqing was panting gently. The sweat on his body ran down his slender white neck and flowed into the blue shirt he was wearing, which made it more and more looming and stuck tightly to the master. 

A pair of his slender arms wrapped around the man in Xuanyi, which made his clothes wrinkled. 

Although his clothes were wrinkled, Rong Jue's appearance did not show any embarrassment. He just let the master hold his neck around his neck, and with a smile, he picked up the master who had lost his strength for a long time and put him gently on the cloud bed. 

"Master, younger martial brother is calling you..." 

When Qing slightly opened his eyes, vaguely seemed to be able to see the ripples of the water's eyes, which was already a kind of absent-minded to do not know the appearance of the world. 

Rong Jue is not angry. He ignores himself. Instead, he lowers his head like a child, and uses his forehead to gently touch the other person's forehead. 

After eating the sweetness, the devil turned into the appearance of a good temper. He was more shameful than a child. He had to get into the other's arms and hold himself. 

Unfortunately, because of their different body sizes, this idea did not come true. 

Rong Jue can only retreat and ask for the next. When he no longer holds himself, he embraces his body, soft as if he has turned into a master of water. 

Satisfied to see their hair entangled and crossed with each other as they approached each other. The devil lifted his lips with satisfaction, got close to the small earlobe of shangzun jade white and whispered softly: 

"master, don't you think it's easy to do it? I only love my disciple. " 

Rong Jue was in a happy mood. 

Even if he knew that he was going to keep up with the deer, he didn't know anything about it. He was a little naive to have a bad heart. 

But he was happy. 

"Does it look like it used to be? When the disciple came to seek you, did you avoid it? " 

Speaking of this, Rong Jue, who was still cocked up at the corner of his mouth, seemed to think of something unpleasant. Suddenly, his face was gloomy, and his handsome face looked ferocious: 

"I thought you really didn't have time, but you turned around and began to teach the deer carefully." 

"He is your disciple, I am not your disciple?" 

Before he was reborn, he thought he didn't care. 

He had no hope for the master for a long time, only hatred left, didn't he? 

But why. 

Why let him come back and let him see that Shiqing has such a gentle side to him. 

The more I feel the tenderness, care, pity and mutual protection that I have never had before, the more dark side in rongjue's heart will never leave. 

If you don't get it, it's all. 

Now that it's given to him, let him watch others snatch this care? 

How could it be. 

These days, the success of the two people's skin blind date changed his mind. 

His hands are full of a grip, feeling the soft hands, as if they have not yet returned to God's shudder, in his heart gradually rise to the satisfaction of fully mastering the time. 

With a satisfied smile, the devil gently rubbed his long black hair"Master, just accompany me all the time. Shanglu and Lingyu are just passers-by." 

He felt that he was bewitched by the soft body, but he was strange. He didn't feel angry at all in his heart. Instead, he just felt justified. 

"When I ascend the throne, you will return to the demon world with me. I will be the Lord and you will be the queen of the devil." 

With this sentence, Rong Jue seems to see him sitting on the position of the devil, holding such a soft body in his arms. 

He was dressed in black gauze and wore a jade made of demon queen. 

At that time, he wanted to let the whole world know that Shiqing was covered with his marks. 

Except for him, no one can capture the sight of Shi Qing. 

His words made his long and curly eyelashes tremble, and his beautiful eyes, which were full of confusion, also turned to his face of embracing trophies. 

"Er --" 

the master panted hard. After several days of fighting, he obviously gave up struggling and didn't break away from the devil's arms. Instead, he kept the posture of being held by the other party in his arms. In a hoarse voice, he said in a low voice: 

"rongjue, you are possessed." 

"You don't know What are you doing? I'm your master. " 

Rong Jue's obsession with respect to this sentence almost refused to gradually end. 

The evil spirit in his heart became more and more violent. 

Again! 

It's always like this! 

No matter what he said, his good master always refused him. 

Even now, when he made this appearance, Shiqing refused to comply with his will. 

"Master, I don't know you are my master." 

There was a sneer on the corner of the devil's lips: 

"I just want to tell the world that you, Shiqing shangzun, the first immortal in the Xiuzhen world, the shangzun of qingjianfeng, betrayed the Xiuzhen world and entered my demon world, and became my glorious queen." 

He looked at him with satisfaction, and his expression gradually turned pale. His eyes were full of faith and could not look to his own superior. 

Sure enough, the hypocrite would be afraid only by threatening his reputation. 

Shi Qing: [my mother. ] 

when the system heard his voice, it jumped out and comforted him: "don't be afraid of the host. If you can't stand it, we can escape at any time. ] 

Shi Qing: [it's exciting to announce the love of the world. It's exciting. I don't want to struggle any more. Tong'er, please come and persuade me, or I can't help but follow the Rong baby plan. ] 

the more he thought about it, the more excited he felt! No, it's exciting. I can't stand it. ] 

System: [ ] 

Yes, I always count down the data, and my memory is not very good. 

Its hosts are not ordinary people. 

Knowing that the host is not afraid, the system calms down. Instead of persuading Shi Qing, it also says, "host, do what you want to do, and have fun. ] 

Shi Qing: [tut Tut, it's boring if you don't stop me. ] 

with five days left, they will be kicked out of the world with a whoosh, and the system has become the Buddha system: [it doesn't matter, host, you think the world is on vacation. ] 

although it is not stopped, Shiqing's desire to win or lose is not weak. 

[forget it, vacation is vacation, task is task. If you want to win the world, you can't give up halfway. ] 

he took a pathetic look at the demon in front of him, which was full of delicious smell. He could only bear the pain to extend his claw back. 

fortunately, the awesome strategy is more powerful. 

Seeing the red in front of him, his eyes and tail trembling, he wanted to take back the hand on his neck. The devil snorted coldly and grasped the upper Zun's wrist with a very strong hand. 

The slender wrist is pinched in the palm, as if holding the whole pulse of shangzun. 

He gave a cruel smile: "what? Master, are you afraid? Are you afraid that your reputation will be ruined 

When Qing couldn't bear to take a look at his good apprentice's face, which became more and more beautiful with his cruel smile, glanced over his face. 

He was afraid that he would not be able to resist such a seductive picture. 

However, in the eyes of the devil, his good master looked at him in disgust, and then as if he did not want to see his face again, he turned his head over. 

The anger in his heart soared. 

These days, I'm very obedient. 

As a result, when the deer outside came, he immediately turned pale. 

Once upon a time, he was respectful to Shiqing. When Shiqing was strict with him, he was even more strict with himself. He wanted to be proud of himself. 

Now even if he got back the power of the devil, even though he was carrying hatred, he still held back his anger when he didn't kill him. 

Isn't he good enough to keep up with the time? 

Why his eyes are always more important than others. 

Why??For what? 

The deer outside didn't know that there was a man inside who was jealous of him. He was so jealous that he wanted to act as a hand tearing younger martial brother. He scratched his head strangely when he saw that he had been shouting for such a long time. 

He raised his voice again: "master! The disciple went to the deer to see him 

However, his master didn't care about him at all. 

Shi Qing is still sad: 

[it's a pity that Rong Baobao is so cute, but I can't attack him, I can only be attacked by him. It's a pity. ] 

then, he saw the devil's gloomy face, full of hatred in his eyes, and waved his sleeve and threw out a pill. 

Handed it to the delicate upper lip. 

"Mei Dan, have you met me? This is a good thing. If you take it down, you will really be inseparable from men in the future. " 

When Qing suddenly raised his head, he blinked quickly when the devil lifted the corner of his mouth. 

The tone is very cheerful: 

[Hey!! ] 





 Rong Jue can feel that his master is shaking. 

The delicate body, half of the clothes soaked with sweat, were shivering. 

Shangzun's eyes with water meaning looked directly at Rong Jue. He shook his head and looked at his disciples. For the first time, his eyes were full of complete fear: 

"don't..." 

"Rong Jue, don't..." 

He looked scared and pale, as if he was going to faint in the next moment because of the stimulation. 

However, in fact - 

[yes! Check it out! Medan, give me a set! ] 

Shi Qing is so high that he wants to go to heaven: [Rongbao, what are you doing in a daze? Hurry up, feed me, feed me! ] 

Rong Jue is really in a daze. 

He held the pill, looked at the clothes and hair in front of him, and looked at himself with tears. He shook his head and showed his begging look. He was almost soft hearted. 

These days of getting along, no one can be more clear than Rong Jue, when Qing a proud bone. 

Once he thought that Shiqing was like a hypocrite who wanted face and had no guts. 

But these days, no matter how he humiliated each other, the supremacy, who was completely suppressed, refused to comply with Rong Jue's intention and revealed what he wanted to hear. 

Rong Jue thought he hated the time. 

In those 100 years, every time when he could not endure, he was able to survive with the name of Shiqing in his heart. 

Sitting on the position of the devil, Rong Jue's first reaction is to give back all the pain imposed on him by the former Qing Dynasty. 

Now, Rong Jue droops his eyes and looks at Mei Dan in his hand. 

He can make alchemy, once entered the demon world at the beginning, because Pepsi can't understand, he once disguised as a Dan master. 

The pills in the demon world are different from those in the Xiuzhen world. They are basically some strange names, most of which are poison pills. 

This Mei Dan, Rong Jue, was refined when Shiqing was trapped here, but it has not been sent to shangzun. 

The efficacy of Mei Dan is very clear. After taking it, no matter men or women, as long as they practice with others after taking Mei Dan, the body will no longer be separated from this person. 

Basic must three days a pair of practice, otherwise will be all over strange itching unbearable, lose all reason to ask for help. 

No matter how arrogant, cold, unwilling to bow the head of the people, to the onset of efficacy, will be like a changed person in general. 

Rong Jue doesn't know what he wants from Shiqing, but he can be sure that he doesn't want to kill Shiqing. 

For what? 

In order to have a little affection for my teacher when I was a child. 

Or because he has never been so warm in his life. 

Even if it's fake, even if it's only for a while. 

Rong Jue doesn't want to let go. 

"Master, I can't take meidan for you, but you must promise me to go back to the demon world with me, be my demon queen, and stay with me all my life." 

Shi Qing: [ ] 

time clear: [ Don't be soft hearted at this time, just feed it to me, you are! ] 

he closed his eyes painfully. It was not a little bit of honor to see his face rise after blackening in front of him. It was too timely to clear his appetite. 

If he doesn't close his eyes, he is afraid that he will not be able to hold himself up and jump directly. 

However, in the eyes of the devil, he closed his eyes with disgust and repulsion, and his white face was full of the three big words "unwilling". 

Outside the deer are still shouting: "master, I want to see you on the deer!" 

Qiao Lingyu's voice then came: "second elder martial brother, what should I do? There is no movement inside." 

Shanglu gritted his teeth: "go straight ahead. I have the spirit treasure given by my master here. I should be able to break this prohibition!" 

"But if the master is practicing and we break into it, will he blame him?" 

"Nothing. Don't talk to me, younger martial sister. I'll do my best." 

The sonorous and powerful voice of Shanglu reached the house: 

"master always loves me, even if I break in, he will not blame me." 

Always love dearly. 

Rong Jue, who had some hesitation, was immediately stimulated by this sentence. He looked out of the door in a sullen way, and directly squeezed Shiqing's chin to feed Mei Dan in. 

"Well Cough, cough, cough 

Caught off guard by feeding Mei Dan's upper Zun covered his throat and coughed hard. His chest heaved more and more fiercely with his fierce breathing. 

"Master..." 

Rong Jue bumped into Shiqing's arms, just like the last time, when Qing protected him. 

He hid his eyes fiercely, and a smile rose from the corners of his lips. 

It's success, cruelty, or contentment. 

The Lord himself can't tell. 

He just hugged Shiqing and murmured, "you can't leave me anymore..."In a hundred years, it's just a few days. 

Whether you want to love him or hate him, Rong Jue can't tell. 

But it doesn't matter. 

He held the body, which was constantly shaking, and slowly opened a smile. 

Anyway. 

At least the master can't do without him any more. 

He finally managed to hold on the little warmth. 

The ban was opened in Shanglu. 

He was careful and alert to protect the younger martial sister behind him. As he walked forward, he called out: "master, I'll go to the deer to see you." 

The door, which had been closed, opened. 

The two were startled, then suddenly relieved to see who was standing in front of the door. 

"Master, I've been to Lu Lingyu. I've met you." 

"Get up." 

At the moment, they were completely relaxed and got up after hearing the master's words. 

When Shanglu looked up, he saw the master standing by the door with a coat on his body. His hair seemed to be a little messy, and he was still wet. He was puzzled: "master, are you?" 

Shi Qing: "just in the bath." 

Wearing a coat, he was a little less cold than usual. After saying this, he frowned and asked in a cold voice: 

"what's the matter with you? You're breaking into the prohibition I've set." 

Seeing that the master was all right, Shanglu didn't dare to directly say, "we suspect something happened to you and master brother, so we decided to go straight to the empty door because of the strong brain tonic." they quickly found a reason: 

"the LORD sent someone to talk about the secret state. The disciple came here to ask the master about the secret state But you have to take someone. " 

The emperor in his outer skin was silent for a few seconds and then said, "I'm a teacher..." 

"The master has decided to take me." 

Another person came out of the house, which is the honor formula. 

His sword eyebrow star eyes, or that pair of handsome duanfang appearance, see younger martial brother and younger sister are surprised to look at him, still as usual, smile at them. 

"This time, I'm sorry for my younger martial brothers and sisters. Because I'm a mortal, the master said that he would take me to the secret place of Weixuan to soak in the spirit spring, so as to protect me from all kinds of diseases. I'm afraid I'll have to take you next time." 

Shanglu was just an excuse to come out, where would he envy his most admired elder martial brother to follow him to the secret place and shake his head in a hurry. 

"What the elder martial brother said, I was just curious. In this case, Lingyu and I left." 

Worried that the master was really angry, they broke through the prohibition, and Shanglu took Lingyu to leave. 

Rong Jue has been standing by the door, watching from afar that the two men go down the mountain, and the sword eyebrows are slightly picked, and the prohibition will be restored by waving. 

Next came the upper Zun's panting voice: "can they go?" 

"As the master wishes, he has already gone down the mountain. Can you rest assured?" 

As soon as he finished speaking, the upper Zun, who could barely stand still, immediately softened his body and fell into the side waiting to receive him in the arms of rongjue. 

"Rong Jue..." 

He gasped, his long white fingers clenched hard, and his beautiful blue veins loomed with his strength. 

"No, sir?" 

With a smile in his eyes, the devil held out his hand and lifted up a wisp of his hair. He clearly felt that the other side was trying hard to get close to him under the effect of the medicine, but he didn't follow Shiqing's intention. He deliberately drew a little farther away: 

"if you want, you can ask yourself Er 

Bang! 

The devil's head hit the hard ground and made a heavy noise. 

If he is a mortal now, he will be hurt if he doesn't die. 

It was not until Rong Jue, who was thrown to the ground, began to be picked up by the upper Zun. He did not react to what happened. 

This Medan 

It's really good. 

While he responded to Shiqing, he struggled to make a move and closed the door. 

Yeah. 

The door closed. 

On the way down to the deer, I look back to the flowers and plants on the road. 

Exclaimed: 

"it's really full of spring." 

Rong Jue thoroughly realized how powerful Mei Dan was. 

Even if this thing is made by himself, and the advertising words of demon world are also quite exaggerated and violent before, but when it fell to Shi Qing, he really got unexpected effect, which made him a little confused. 

For five days in a row, both of them stayed in the room. 

Porch, table, couch 

It's not until the fifth day when the sun shines into the house, and when it's enough, Qing hears the sound that the system is loveless. 

[Ding! Rongjue rejection: 540 out of 100] 

the system that has decided to wait silently for the world consciousness to kick them out: [host, useless, even if it is reduced by 60, isn't there still 540? ] Shi Qing's whole body was held in his arms by Rong Jue, half squinting as if he was dozing off. ] 

System: Just so?? 

It thinks it's time to remind the host: "the host has reduced the rejection rate by 59 in five days. Now there is only one day left, and there is no time at all. ] 

then pick up your eyebrows. ] 

on this day, the devil finally got up from the beauty nest. 

The secret place of Wei Xuan is bound to go. After all, this key is rare, and the patriarch pointed it out to Shiqing. If Shiqing can't go, it will surely arouse the suspicion of chiyun sect. 

Although today's rongjue is not afraid of chiyunzong, he doesn't mind holding Shiqing and enjoying himself on qingjianfeng for a while. 

What's more, he also wants to see the spirit stone in Weihang secret place. 

As for what to ask 

Rong Jue looked at one side of the pale face, the face can not see the face of respect, slightly tightened the fist in the sleeve. 

These days, Shiqing was humiliated by him, but he still refused to disclose why he had been severely criticized and destroyed his spiritual roots, but he was secretly taken care of behind his back. 

Once upon a time, the Lord didn't care. 

No matter what the reason is, it can not reduce his hatred of Shiqing. 

And now 

The devil slightly closed his eyebrows and eyes. When he looked at it, Qing reached out and sent the key to the stone gate. His eyes gradually darkened. 

He wants to know. 

I want to know all about the master who is trapped by his side. 

Boom. 

The stone gate opened gradually. 

Before other people react, Rong Jue reaches out his hand, grabs Shi Qing's waist and limbs, and jumps in directly. 

As soon as it falls, it is in front of a spirit stone like a water mirror. 

After landing on the ground, he was at a loss for a few seconds. After reflecting where they were, he turned pale again. 

He subconsciously stretched out his hand and grasped Rong Jue's sleeve: "don't you want to go to Lingquan?" 

Rong Jue raised a smile and shook off the upper Zun's hand. 

"Didn't the master refuse to tell me?" 

"I'll have to see it myself." 

With that, he stepped forward and, regardless of the superior's efforts, dropped his hand on the surface of the water mirror. 

In the future, people who ask questions will be absorbed into the spirit stone boundary. 

When Qing saw the situation, he didn't panic and took out his sleeve directly. 

A pill fell on his palm, and he put it into the water mirror. 

The system asks curiously: "host, what is this? ] 

Shi Qing: [disturbing spirit elixir. ] 

System: [???)??? ] 

Shi Qing: [well, don't you know? I thought you could see what I wanted to do since I started learning alchemy. ] 

System: [ I thought the host was trying to hit the face. ] 

Shi Qing: [what should I do to hit a passer-by in the face? If it's not for now, I'm a master, and I'm good at practicing what Dan. You've been following me for so long, haven't you understood? ] 

System: [ ] 

after playing with the system, Shiqing started to do business. 

Harassing elixir, as the name implies, is to disturb the spiritual biological thinking and memory. 

Although it was only for a short time, it was enough for the Qing Dynasty. 

He raised his eyebrows slightly, stretched out his hand, and began to connect the thinking of the spirit stone. 

In the spirit stone boundary, Rong Jue also heard a gentle voice. 

- "I heard your question, son. I'll answer it now." 

You are loved 

"Love?" 

Rong Jue sneered. 

He's never felt it since he was a kid. 

Even if it was Shanglu and Qiao Lingyu's respect for him, they all changed into two sides after he entered the demon world. 

Along the way, we should say that he has received a lot of malicious honors and letters. 

Love? 

Who else in the world would love him. 

Perhaps because he didn't believe it, the space in the mirror gradually became empty, showing a mess. 

Rong Jue's pupils are tightening up. 

Even though more than 100 years have passed, he still has a deep memory of this scene. 

That was when he woke up in the ruins of Rong's home, and half of his memory was gone. 

In a heavy rain that can't see the way ahead, he wakes up in the corpses all over the ground. He is still young and is picked up by a good hearted passer-by in a hurry and puts him in the warm broken temple. 

After that, he wandered for a long time. Rong Jue's nightmares were that he opened his eyes, the rain was pouring all over the sky, and the ground was covered with ruins. He was cold and hungry and crying endlessly. 

It was not until he entered the green sword peak and completely separated himself from the mortal world that Rong Jue got rid of that nightmare. 

But now what is in front of him is a little different from his memory. 

Beside the comatose child, there was a young man in a blue shirt holding a bamboo umbrella for him.In memory, is there this person? 

He tried to remember. 

But can only think of once in the cold cold rain all over the ruins wake up in the helpless and fear. 

He stood in the same place, watching the umbrella holder squat down slightly, and put his beautiful white hand on his forehead. A stream of spiritual power poured into his body. The wound on his body gradually began to heal, and his pale face gradually turned red. 

Seeing this, the man sighed. 

This sigh 

It's like a deja vu. 

He did not think much about it. He was holding his fist and stepping into the dreamland step by step. 

Finally, he saw the face under the umbrella. 

Exquisite and gorgeous, with pity on her face. 

The devil's face was stunned. 

That face. 

It was the time of the Qing Dynasty.





 The man as like as two peas in the face of the Qing Dynasty's face is very different from his memory. 

Although Shiqing shangzun of qingjianfeng occasionally shows a gentle smile, it's just empty on the surface, especially when facing rongjue, he always has a cold face, as if the corners of his lips can't go up at all. 

But now standing in front of the devil, is a gentle brow, clear eyes. 

It is clear that he is young, but what he reveals is his unique innocence and clarity. 

He held an umbrella for the comatose little rongjue on the ground, and did not get up after mending the wound for him. Instead, he wrung his eyebrows and looked at the child on the ground with pity. 

"The child is also poor. At a young age, he has experienced so much." 

Rong Jue listened to him with a soft tone and sighed in a low voice. He untied his cloak with one hand and covered him gently. 

His expression was full of pity, which made his beautiful face more gentle. 

Soft and beautiful eyes are black and bright, as if the morning dew is full of vitality. 

He is quite different from Shiqing shangzun of qingjianfeng. 

Rong Jue is full of doubts, wring eyebrows did not relax vigilance, looking at the time of Qing, another person's voice rang up. 

"Qing'er, don't do anything unnecessary." 

This voice appears suddenly, the devil body immediately subconsciously tight up, put on a defensive posture, suddenly turned. 

He saw a man who was really cold as ice. He was wearing a black suit and a jade crown. His face was similar to that of Shiqing, but he was a little more steady and indifferent than him. 

And that face of indifference only fell on the body when the Qing just a little more warm. 

Although Rong Jue had not seen his face, he could also see that he was the father of Shiqing by his similar appearance and his cultivation. 

The man with strong cultivation was respected when rongjue soon rose to qingjianfeng. 

No wonder the temperament of the Qing Dynasty is very different from that of 20 years later. 

After all, twenty years ago, Shiqing had not yet taken up the position of supremacy. He was just a young one who was firmly protected by his father. 

When looking at the children on the ground, Shi shangzun's expression became cold again. A long sword pointed directly at the unconscious little rongjue on the ground. 

Even the cultivator needs to spend spiritual power to resist the sword Qi, let alone a mortal child. 

A sword down, xiaorongjue will die. 

Even though he knew that these things had happened for a long time, seeing that his life was threatened, the devil could not help but step forward to block the sword spirit. 

But there is also a figure faster than him with the spirit of small rongjue wrapped up to protect him. 

"Father 

Rong Jue's pupil shrinks and looks forward. 

There, twenty years ago, Qing Qing lost his bamboo umbrella and held the child in his arms. In the rain, his white face was full of intolerance. 

"He doesn't know anything, just a child." 

"Child?" 

"Qing'er, you have just seen that he has just killed his parents and relatives. The half demon is uncontrollable. What's more, I suggest that he will sit on the throne of the devil and kill you with my own hands." 

"My father will be promoted within ten years. How can I leave you without getting rid of him?" 

Twenty years ago, Shi Qing was hesitant, but his white fingers held the child closer: "it was the demons who controlled him, not his wish. Besides, it is not impossible to change the fate..." 

"If you kill him, you can live a peaceful life. If you don't kill him, you will have only a chance of survival." 

Shi shangzun still insisted: "he is a half demon. He is born to practice faster than others. But once he reaches the stage of practicing deficiency, he will be controlled by the devil. When his father is not there, how can you control him?" 

With the heavy rain falling on the body, also appears some embarrassed when the innocent face, still firmly hugged the child in his arms and refused to let go. 

Although embarrassed, the clear voice is sonorous and powerful in the rain: 

"father, since you were a child, you taught me to have compassion for my young children, to be a monk and to fight for my life with heaven!" 

"This child was born rich and loved by his parents. Now it is very pitiful to see a sudden change. If we kill him because of a deduction, I really feel sorry for it. I'm afraid that if we do this, we will have a demon after today, and we will not get it in a lifetime." 

When a monk has a heart demon, he is basically dead. 

With Shi Qing saying this, Shi shangzun, who had already decided to kill Xiao rongjue, hesitated. 

Is the father and son two people stalemate, when the child struggling to open his eyes. 

He was too young, but he also vaguely understood some things. As soon as he opened his eyes and had not seen the situation clearly, he began to cry at the top of his lungs; 

"Dad! Mother!! MotherBefore crying a few times, he felt that he was being held, and carefully and somewhat unfamiliar patted his back. 

The devil will stand there, looking at Shiqing some helpless embrace of his childhood, quietly coax: "good, don't cry." 

Xiao rongjue is still crying, while crying, while not giving up, keep turning his head, trying to find traces of his parents in the ruins. 

Shi shangzun looked at this scene in silence and suddenly said: "although it is not his original intention, it is an indisputable fact that those demons killed his relatives with his evil spirit. He was no longer an ignorant child when he saw the blood of his evil spirit. He watched all his relatives die in front of his own eyes. Even if I didn't kill him, he would live in pain and guilt forever." 

Shiqing coaxes the crying child in a low voice, while drooping his eyes, he doesn't know what he is thinking. 

After a long time, he said: 

"erase his memory." 

In the heavy rain, gave birth to a beautiful face of the young Zun, full face firmly looked at his father: "father, you come to erase his memory." 

"Your current cultivation is absolutely impossible to untie your memory restriction unless he is able to attain the point of impending ascension. If you erase his memory, he does not know the evil spirit, so he can't use it again." 

"This is the mortal world. As long as he doesn't set foot on the road of cultivation or enter the demon world, he can only be a mortal in his life." 

The devil stood in the rain. 

Although he had no memory, the collapse of the Rong family was definitely a major event. When he woke up, almost all the people in the city were discussing it. 

It was from the bracelet engraved with the word "Rong" on his wrist and the royal clothes on his body that he inferred that he was the Rong family. When he grew up, he found out that he was the young master of the Rong family. 

When the Rong family was destroyed, the people in the city were ordinary people. Naturally, they didn't know what happened. Then Rong Jue took the position of the devil and found those demons who had entered his Rong family and destroyed his whole family. 

At the beginning, those demons really used his body to kill his parents and relatives, but they didn't expect that he was a rare half demon body. Being controlled, they stimulated the evil Qi in his body, and the evil Qi backfired, destroying most of the people's men and horses. 

In order to save their lives, the remaining demons left the Rong family which had become ruins in a hurry. 

Rong Jue can save his life. 

It's impossible to know that it's because of his own reason that he died without suffering. But perhaps because he didn't remember them, he didn't collapse. He just vented his hatred on those demons. 

But he never thought of it. 

Those lost memories were not suffering from fate. 

But from a person's pity. 

Next, the devil has been standing there. 

He looked at Shi Qing and finally got his father's consent. He saw that Shi shangzun erased his memory. At his father's urging again and again, he carefully put him in an open space in the ruins. 

Shi shangzun said: "since we have decided to let him be a mortal, we will not have too much involvement in the future. We will go back to practice with me." 

Even if his father urged him, Shiqing still insisted on hiding quietly, guiding a passer-by to find the rongjue. 

Until Rong Jue was placed in the broken temple, he left with his father at ease. 

The rain was pouring down. When he was a child, he had been sent to a safe place, but the devil was still standing in the rain. 

Jingling's gentle voice rang again. "Child, I feel you are sad. Why?" 

The devil was stunned and suddenly looked up: 

"is there anything else besides these?" 

Jingling was stunned. 

Then he said, "naturally, you can watch it if you want to." 

The scene in the mirror changed again. 

When Rong Jue was eight years old, he found that he could draw Qi into his body, so he set foot on the journey to find the legendary immortal. 

He met the tiger and was nearly eaten. 

When Qing sensed the change of aura left on him, he arrived at the Xiuzhen world to help him drive away the tiger. 

When he fell off the cliff, Qing hooked him up with vines and hid in the side, watching him bite his teeth and climb up. 

He met a poisonous snake and was bitten by it. When he was dying, Qingnong took the antidote and put it beside him. 

…… 

Pile by pile, piece by piece, I thought it was the Xianzong that I found only after gnashing teeth and going through all kinds of difficulties. Actually, there were people behind to help. 

Rong Jue once thought that he was very lucky, no matter what kind of danger he met, he could be saved from danger. 

Only now did he know who gave the good fortune. 

Until the first Xianzong, chiyun Zong. 

At the foot of the mountain, Rong Jue's eyes are full of hope. 

On the green sword peak, shishangzun is full of murderous spirit. 

"He has found the Xiuzhen realm. Qing'er, you are soft hearted and don't let me kill him. If I don't kill him, I will just abolish his spiritual roots." 

Shi Qing was still trying to stop him: "he is only eight years old. If the spirit root is abandoned, the pain will certainly be unsustainable.""But he has entered the immortal sect. With his qualification, his practice will surely go on for thousands of miles. When he comes to the period of practicing emptiness, it will be your death." 

"I will fly soon, how can I leave such hidden danger?" he said 

See father really carry sword to go out, green shirt young Zun full face anxious, even busy way: "let him worship me as a teacher!" 

The steps of shishangzun stopped. 

He looked back at his son. 

Shi Qing: "let him worship me as a teacher. Father, you know that my qualification is not equal to that of others. If he follows my master, his practice will not be very good. I will always look at him and let him be an ordinary practitioner." 

Shi shangzun: "if he comes to the period of practicing deficiency?" 

"Qing'er, this is not only your business. If he becomes a devil, he will destroy chiyunzong and even the whole Xiuzhen world within a hundred years. You are soft hearted and your father knows that, but you should also take the overall situation into consideration." 

"It's worth his life to change the whole cultivation world." 

When he was innocent, he still clenched his teeth and said: 

"then I will abolish his cultivation with my own hands." 

"Once he reaches the stage of practicing emptiness, I will destroy his spiritual roots and make him a mortal." 

- he abandoned his spiritual roots with his own hands. 

In the devil's mind, only this sentence is left. 

Why did the master snatch him from other masters, but he didn't teach him well. 

Why does the master look ugly and scold him once he has made progress in his cultivation. 

Why should we attack him secretly and destroy his spiritual roots. 

Why do you take care of him behind his back, but refuse to tell him what is the trouble. 

It's just I'm afraid that he will find his memory and fall into the pain of killing his parents and relatives 

All these, Rong Jue all understand. 

As these pictures flash one by one, the devil stands among them, but it looks like the sky is falling. 

He lowered his head and held out his hands, looking at his hands. 

Slender, white and with cocoons. 

It was these hands that held his master in the room. 

This is also the hands, personally feed his master to eat, can no longer leave the man's Mei Dan. 

Rong Jue's eyes were black, almost unable to stand. 

What did he do. 

What did he do for his master. 

Bang! 

The devil bowed his head and knelt heavily on the ground, unable to get up for a long time. 

Outside, Shiqing took back the hand that fell on the mirror spirit. 

Shi Qing: [almost. ] 

the system has become a scream chicken: [rongjue rejection degree; 400 out of 100] 

rongjue rejection degree: [200 out of 100] 

rongjue rejection degree: [0 out of 100] 

the system is crazy. 

Completely crazy.





 Rong Jue has seen everything he wants to see. 

But he did not come out of the mirror. 

He didn't know. He didn't know how to face his master. 

After entering the demon clan and becoming the devil, Rong Jue thought he would never feel guilty any more. 

The belief of the demons is that we should be more negative than negative. 

Therefore, even if he had been aware of Shi Qing's secret feelings about what he had done, his greed for the body, his desire for possession hidden in his heart, and his hatred that could not be buried in any case, all prompted Rong Jue to deliberately ignore the secret. 

To his master, he did that kind of thing 

"the spirit from the mirror seems to disturb you even more 

Rong Jue's mood affected the world of jingling, and it rained heavily in the clear sky. 

It was as if he had just risen from the ruins of the Rong family. 

It's just different from that time. 

At that time, Rong Jue was afraid, at a loss and at a loss. 

At the moment, although the Rong Jue is still at a loss, but the heart is inexplicably stable. 

Master loves him. 

The Lord is very sure of this. 

Perhaps at the beginning, he was just pitying the young, but in the past that he had just seen, where he could not see, the sight of the master looking at him was full of tenderness. 

Although these gentleness is probably the elder's concern for the younger generation. 

That's love, too. 

Rong Jue has not yet been happy for the hidden love, then fell into the extreme panic. 

Twenty years ago, he woke up in the rain with nothing to rely on. 

Now, twenty years later, he is still standing in the heavy rain, but he has to rely on. 

But that pure dependence, but by his own hands to erase. 

The master devoted himself to him and was willing to be humiliated in order to protect him. 

But what did he do to his master 

Rong Jue simply can't imagine, was fed by him Mei Dan's master, what mood at that time. 

Shi Qing: [la la la, the early efforts have finally yielded, and finally we can have a bumper harvest! ] 

squeal chicken system: [aaah!!] 

System: [ahhh, ahhh, host, you're so powerful and so powerful that I'm too excited. The data is scrambling and its code is disorderly. 

It is really unexpected! 

In the previous 29 days, even though the degree of rejection had dropped so much, it did not expect that it would clear the rejection degree on the last day. 

After all! That's hundreds of repetitions! 

One day! 

No! 

Shiqing even took less than half an hour! 

Ah, ah, ah, ah, the system that screamed for a long time finally calmed down a little after reluctantly pouring out the excitement in the data. 

It began to worry again: [host, will there be any problem? What if the cultivation of rongjue comes to an end? ] It's impossible for him to reach Xiuqing. ] 

System: [what if his own memory comes back? ] 

Shi Qing: [the original plot from the beginning to the end of the rongjue can not find the memory, the world consciousness is not put on a good-looking. ] 

System: [but shishangzun ] 

Shi Qing: [shishangzun has been promoted. The secret of honor is that magic cultivation can't soar. My cultivation is not high, and I will never meet him again. ] 

Shi shangzun, a perfect swordsman who is pulled out to throw the pot, but can never jump out to throw the pot down. 

A system that has been found to be vulnerable and rejected by the host one by one: [ ] 

it's too scared to know what to say. 

Although it has been known for a long time that it has always been the host that flies. 

But where is flying in this world? It's a cannon directly. 

Finally, it was hard to think of another important issue. 

System: [but what to do next? The rejection degree of Rong Jue is cleared. It will definitely not treat the host as before. ] 

although it is still a pure small system, it still knows a little bit of the host's "hobby" after so many worlds follow the time. 

Rong Jue before the show is to retaliate when Qing just to him so and so. 

Now that he understands the "truth", he has no time to hold Shiqing. How can he commit the following crimes like before. 

Shiqing laughs. 

Did you forget Medan? ] 

[if the mountain doesn't come to me, I can't do it if I eat meidan] 

System: [!!! ] 

it said that the host was so eager to eat meidan. 

Although Shi Qing had never been chaste, it was not so unruly.It's for now 

At this moment, the data of the system has changed from the first day of arriving a month ago to now, and finally realized one thing. 

It thinks the host is playing, but it is actually layout. 

And it's still in the right time. 

After thinking clearly, the system has only one idea. 

Oh, no, it has no idea. 

There is only one piece of data automatically arranged into 666. 

But 

How long do they have to wait here. 

In fact, I didn't wait long. 

No matter how helpless and guilty, the devil will always come out to face the reality. 

He finally came out of the mirror. 

Only one eye, then saw still standing outside, pale face on the Zun. 

Shi Qingzheng looked at him with tension in his eyes. 

Seeing him looking at himself, shangzun pursed his lips and asked in a low voice: 

"what do you see?" 

Rong Jue fixed looking at the people in front of him. 

In memory, he was always cold, and scolded himself more. He never concealed his partiality to his younger brother and younger sister. 

But now, the memory of that face, and just in the mirror to see the gentle look gradually integrated together. 

Finally, it became the master who is now, some pale and some shrinking. 

Yeah 

Shrunk. 

In the past 20 years, master is proud. 

The master broke his wings to protect him. 

But he took advantage of his master's lack of wings and hurt him severely. 

Let that proud, never suffered the pain of shangzun, become now this timid and timid appearance. 

"Master..." 

Rong Jue tightly grasped his fists, fingernails into the flesh, and his strength was almost to punish himself. 

But he didn't know what to say except calling out the master. 

Looking at the white face of shangzun, he was staring at himself. Maybe he had been waiting outside for too long. His body was shaking slightly. The devil subconsciously stepped forward to help him. 

But as soon as he took a step further, shangzun suddenly took a big step back, and his beautiful face was full of panic. 

Master I'm afraid of him. 

The devil was stunned and stopped. 

Sour and astringent like a vine, slowly wrapped up his whole heart. 

And then 

- tighten up suddenly! 

The devil pressed his heart in pain. These days, what he did to Shiqing, one by one, forced him to say those words and used the magic things. 

He even put a toy on his master before he came here. 

Rong Jue is already in a mess, but looking at the master with a shrunken look in front of him, he clearly realizes what he should do. 

At least At least don't let the master be so afraid. 

The devil opened his mouth and finally opened his mouth with difficulty. His voice was a little hoarse and astringent: 

"master, I know that you don't have to be afraid of me, I won't hurt you any more." 

It's all right. 

Rong Jue bitter thinking, when the respect is right. 

He's a disaster. 

If he hadn't been reborn, I'm afraid he would have killed Shiqing and destroyed the whole Xiuzhen world in his last life. 

His heart bitter at the same time, but also quietly happy. 

I'm glad he was born again. I'm glad he didn't clear his dead hand in time. I'm glad that he now knows the truth and can change all this. 

Rong Jue slowly, slowly dropped his head. 

"Master, kill me." 

As soon as his face changed, he subconsciously took a step forward: "what do you say Oh 

Maybe it's the action is too big, involved where, his body a soft, good hang just hold the spirit mirror to stand firm. 

"Master!" 

Seeing the appearance of Shiqing, Rong Jue's brain was hot, and he didn't care about anything else. He rushed to help him in his arms. 

Feeling the delicate body in his arms is shaking slightly, Rong Jue's brain, which has been in disorder since seeing the truth, finally wakes up. 

Master, he I still have that toy on me. 

The devil's face turned pale. 

He tried to calm his mind, but the slender hand trembled slightly when he touched the upper body: "take it down for you, disciple." 

When Qing gasped, the thin white finger was hard to put on Rong Jue's wrist. Although the force was weak, it was also trying to push his hand down. 

Only for a moment, half of Rong Jue's heart seemed to be soaked in ice water. 

Yes, the master should hate him. 

After all, the white eyed wolf has done so many things to his master. 

Isn't it right that the master doesn't want him to touch it?Although the heart clearly knows this, but when it happens, Rong Jue's body is still stiff and frightening. 

He hung his head, like a bereaved dog, standing stiffly in place. 

I can't move. 

Rong Jue thought, if only the master directly hit him. 

Beat him, punish him, even kill him. 

Even if his accomplishments were abolished, he would be beaten with nine stanzas, and he was dying. 

In this way, Rong Jue can feel better. 

It's better than that now, the master is afraid of himself and hates him. When he arrives, he can't even be touched. 

The devil was disgusting himself, and his face was flushed with trembling. At last, he opened his mouth. His expression was slightly embarrassed. His eyes were full of tears. He turned his face and whispered: 

"in broad daylight, how can you do such a thing?" 

Rong Jue Leng Leng Leng, after a full few seconds to react. 

Master, do you think he wants to do that? 

It turns out that the master didn't want him to get close to him because he hated him. 

The frozen blood on the devil's body began to flow again. He quickly opened his mouth and explained dryly: 

"you misunderstood me. The disciple said that you had Take it off. " 

When Qing is still slightly skimming his face, light voice way: "go back to talk about it, here is really inconvenient." 

"Yes, yes." 

Don't say Shiqing just wants to go back. Even if he says he wants to go to heaven, the devil can take him to heaven without hesitation. 

Rong Jue said: "I will take you back." 

While taking out the key to cut the boundary, he wanted to go back and tell the master that he could go. However, he saw by the mirror that his body was more and more delicate. He hung down his slender neck, and his body was soft and leaning aside. He was completely unable to move. 

He first looked at the gorgeous color, indulged for a moment, and then clear his mind, his heart rose to his deep contempt and disgust. 

He has made the master look like this. He even has a strong desire to master. 

Rong Jue's ear is almost out of a villain holding a fork while hitting him while spitting at him. 

Clothes and animals! 

He is a beast in clothes! 

He gritted his teeth and tried to calm himself down. He went up and said in a low voice, "master, I will hold you." 

When Qing did not speak, only slightly shuddered. 

In Rong Jue's heart, while fighting between heaven and man, he tried to bear the covetous thought of his master, and quickly returned to qingjianfeng all the way. 

Carefully put the master in the middle of the cloud bed, the devil has endured a sweat. 

He closed his eyes and carefully took it out. 

As soon as it is taken out, Rong Jue immediately destroys it with evil Qi. 

He hung his head like a bear who did something wrong and let his master punish him. 

Waiting for the trial, he knelt down beside the bed. 

"Master, if you know your mistake, please punish me." 

"Master, don't worry. No matter what you say, I will punish my disciples as you say!" 

Let him die. 

He had nothing to say. 

Rong Jue is not a fool. When the hatred of Shiqing is cleared, he naturally realizes it. 

He fell in love with his master. 

But I'm afraid he'll never be able to. 

It's too late for the master to hate him. If he knew that he was still holding such a dirty mind, I'm afraid he would feel even more disgusted. 

It's hard to resist the attraction of someone you like. 

This is what the double cultivation must do. 

He thought, it must be resisted. 

If it did, it would be a real beast! 

The devil is with such a mood, slowly raised his head, do not give up want to see the master before death. 

Can a lift an eye, but on the face of confusion, face uncomfortable, pick up on the body of the clothes on the respect. 

"Well It's hard. It's hard. " 

The upper Zun's eyes are no longer awake. He just sits up with a pair of water colored eyes and slowly falls on Rong Jue's face. 

Then, he stretched out his thin white arm and pulled the devil's arm violently and pulled the man onto the cloud bed. 

Suddenly, he was suppressed by rongjue 

Mei Dan 

No way! 

No way!! 

He must not take advantage of others. 

Never be a beast again! 

Rong Jue's side of heaven and man fighting, when the Qing Dynasty has been straight to the theme. 

Proved by facts. 

The Lord is not an animal. 

It's not as good as animals. 




 At the top of qingjianfeng mountain, Shanglu and Qiao Lingyu hide behind a tree carefully. 

In front of him, Rong Jue only wears a single garment and kneels down in front of the door. 

Qiao Lingyu: "the second elder martial brother, the eldest brother has been kneeling all day. Is there anything wrong?" 

Shanglu also hesitated to look at Rong Jue for several times: "according to reason, the elder martial brother is just a mortal now. After kneeling for a whole day, he always feels uncomfortable, but his face seems to be OK." 

Although the two of them discussed in a low voice, they did not dare to plead for Rong Jue who seemed to have made some mistakes. After all, the master in the room did not respond when they came forward to plead, but Rong Jue said that he had made a big mistake. 

Although the elder martial brother was always punished by the master before, he generally did not make mistakes and would not admit that he was wrong. 

Therefore, Rong Jue said that, even if two people no longer how worried about his mortal body will kneel down, they still can only quietly guard aside. 

If something happens to the elder martial brother, they can help to lift it. 

Rong Jue is not a mortal now. Even if he kneels in the yard, he can hear the dialogue between Shanglu and Qiao Lingyu, but he has no response. 

The devil hung his eyes, and his own evil spirit was being driven by his master and hit him like a whip. 

From early morning till now, Rong Jue has been punishing himself in his own way. 

But what's the use of that. 

In his last life, he had suffered too much. Even though the evil spirit was painful on his body, he could not make Rong Jue feel better. 

Last night, I barely kept awake at the beginning, and finally indulged in the cloud bed until I sat up in the morning and saw what I had done. 

Everything is like a dream. 

When he felt his master's soft arm unconsciously fell in front of him and assumed a dependent posture, he even couldn't tell whether he was dreaming or having a nightmare. 

After knowing the truth and seeing what the master has done for him. 

He did it to his master. 

Again. 

After Rong Jue wakes up completely, there is only one sentence left in his mind: I don't deserve to be a person. 

For a moment, the Lord even wanted to kill himself. 

But soon, he remembered that if he didn't have this antidote, he would surely die in pain. 

He didn't even dare to die. 

Rong Jue wants to atone, but he doesn't know what to do. 

He can only kneel numbly here, let his own Devil Qi beat his body, with pain to keep awake. 

Yeah. 

The door opened. 

Wrapped up in thick, only a jade white face of the upper Zun stood in front of the door. 

In fact, his face was OK. After all, Rong Jue and he were both practicing, and Rong Jue was higher than he was. Naturally, the double cultivation of two people naturally took advantage of Shiqing. 

What's more, even if Rong Jue was addicted to it last night, he still kept some sense. He simply used 120000 patience and served carefully. 

So his face was white and red, and he didn't know how much better he was. 

But in Rong Jue's eyes, the master's body shape is just a month, and it seems that he has lost a lot of weight. 

The master even wore so much. 

Yeah. 

Rong Jue's eyes trembled with pain. 

Thinking, master is such a face loving person, he left so many traces on the master, the master naturally wants to cover up. 

When he thought that he even used evil Qi to humiliate his master, so that the red mark on his white skin could not come down for three months, so that he could only put on more clothes to cover up his embarrassment, Rong Jue wanted to stab himself. 

"Master..." 

He knocked his head heavily on the ground: "I don't ask for your forgiveness. Please punish me." 

The emperor looked at the man kneeling on the ground and dropped his eyes slightly. 

"Get up, you don't have to do it like this. It's my fault and I have nothing to do with you." 

Rong Jue listen to his slightly weak voice, a heart seems to be torn in two, the pain of his kneeling body are slightly shaking. 

Even now, the master can't bear to blame him. 

Even for his sake, he took all the blame on himself. 

Master 

How can it be so good. 

Rong Jue suddenly raised his head, with blood in his eyes, and his voice was hoarse: "master, don't say that. It's all the students' fault!" 

However, shangzun still didn't think so. 

With a little self mockery, he said with a bitter smile: "it's because the Abbess believes in the art of deduction too much. I do that, and you should hate me." 

"Now it seems that although you know the truth, you have not been affected by what happened at the beginning. On the contrary, you still have the heart of repentance. It seems that the performance was wrong, and it was the teacher who believed in the deduction. That's why we have today."He sighed softly: "the past 20 years have also suffered you. As a teacher, I thought what I did was right. But even now you know the truth, your pure good nature is still unchanged. In the past 20 years, I have done something wrong for you." 

Rong Jue knows the meaning of Shiqing. 

He never revealed the truth. No matter how humiliating the LORD was, he refused to say it. He was just afraid that Rong Jue would be completely possessed after knowing the truth of killing his parents and relatives, and eventually destroy the whole cultivation world as the deduction said. 

Therefore, when entering the secret place of tail suspension and seeing the spirit mirror, Shiqing would be so afraid. 

He was afraid that Rong Jue could not control himself into the devil when he saw the original truth. He was afraid that Rong Jue would eventually destroy the whole cultivation world. 

Now nothing happens. 

Therefore, shangzun felt that he had done something wrong. 

He knew that his master was not wrong. 

In his last life, he did go all the way to the deduced ending. 

Even before rebirth, rongjue, who had just sat on the throne of the devil, had already put his eyes on the realm of cultivation. 

There was only one thought in his mind at that time. 

Will find out when Qing, pick skin cramps, let him die of pain. 

In the past 100 years, when I met with difficulties, I would like to think about it like this. When I look back, I just want to slap myself in the face. 

He clenched his fist so tightly that it was almost bloody. 

Rong Jue can't imagine, if, if he didn't reborn 

What would he do to the master who hated his master in his last life? 

At the thought of this, the devil seems to be back more than 50 years ago. In order to improve his cultivation, he spent three days and three nights in an ice lake. 

On the last day, my body was like this. The cold blood seemed to be frozen and could not move at all. 

"Master, you have done nothing wrong." 

"It's the disciple's fault, it's the disciple's disrespect to you. Master, please punish me." 

Rong Jue heavily buckled his head on the ground and knocked it. 

He deliberately removed the body protecting magic Qi, which was absolutely solid. Soon, Zhang Junlang's face was blue and purple, showing blood. 

The face of shangzun soon showed his impatience. 

To this child who looked older, he could not bear to see Rong Jue so miserable. 

He glanced over his face and whispered: 

"I don't blame you." 

Rong Jue buttoned his head and raised his eyes. He looked at his master with surprise and joy. 

Shi Qing: "Rong Jue, I made the mistake first. You don't have to be too guilty. Since you have nothing to do, your cultivation is far better than me, so leave qingjianfeng." 

Rong Jue was originally with a little happy face. 

For a moment, he almost thought he was listening. 

But as if shocked by the news, the heart beating violently reminds him again. 

Master hates you. 

You did that to your master, and he didn't want to see you again. 

But he 

But he wanted to stay with his master. 

Whether it is guilt, or the love that does not know when to hide, let rongjue can not leave Shiqing. 

"Master Master, don't rush me. " 

The devil can't think of anything else in his mind. He just knelt down to the master's feet and begged him desperately: 

"master, please don't drive me away. Master, you can beat me. You can punish your disciples as much as you want. Don't drive me away, master..." 

In a hurry, his blank brain finally remembered something else. 

He tried his best to swallow the Adam's apple, knelt on the ground, looked up and looked up, and his brows were slightly wrinkled. His face had already shown the emperor who couldn't bear it. He said in a trembling voice: 

"master, I can't leave. You still have Mei Dan. If I leave, what will you do..." 

As soon as he finished, he realized that there was a threat in his words. He quickly continued, "master, don't misunderstand me. I don't mean anything else. I'm just worried about master." 

With that, Rong Jue shook his hands and carefully grasped the pendulum of Shiqing. 

Big bear shrunk his head carefully and begged hard: 

"master, I know that my disciple has done wrong, and I am willing to be punished. What's worse, if you drive the disciple out of the school, I'll stay in qingjianfeng. I'll be a servant and a servant. As long as you don't drive me away, master, master, disciple, please..." 

Shi Qing still insisted. 

Although there was a little intolerance on his face, he still turned his face slightly and avoided the big disciple's praying eyes. 

"Na Mei Dan..." 

Speaking of this, he slightly dyed a faint red on his cheek, and soon forced it down. He continued: "although Mei Dan has no solution, but you leave some blood before you go. I will use your blood to refine the antidote, which can be postponed every time you take it. Every 50 years, if you give me some blood, I can survive."Perhaps it was Rong Jue's forehead full of blue and purple blood, which seemed too pitiful. He could not bear to explain: "I didn't drive you away because I hated you, but I didn't have any talent. At the beginning, I had no choice but to accept you as an apprentice. Now your cultivation is much higher than me, and you have become a demon cultivation. I really can't delay you any more." 

"What's more, I'm a monk, and you're a demon cultivator. There's no difference between the two. If you stay in chiyun sect, you'll be discovered by others sooner or later. It's not good for you and qingjianfeng." 

Shi Qing said that it was reasonable and reasonable. Even if Rong Jue was not willing to do so, he had to admit that he was right. 

If he is found, chiyun Zong's people do nothing to him. 

But if someone hears the news of a demon cultivation hidden in qingjianfeng, it will definitely damage the master's reputation. 

Rong Jue thought of self abandoning cultivation for the first time. 

Since demon Xiu can't stay in qingjianfeng, can't he become a mortal? 

But soon, he thought that the master needed his blood to refine the antidote every 50 years. 

How many fifty years can a mortal live. 

It doesn't matter if he's dead. What should the master do without the antidote. 

Kneeling on the ground, hair disordered, forehead is covered by blood blue and blue man slowly closed his eyes. 

Finally, Rong Jue exhaled a breath and knocked his head heavily on the ground. 

His voice was so dumb that he almost lost his original voice: 

"disciple Follow my teacher's instructions. " 

The first disciple Rong Jue was expelled from the school by Shiqing shangzun of qingjianfeng. 

The news quickly spread throughout the whole chiyun sect. 

All of them said they had expected it. 

It doesn't need them to say more about it. Just look at it directly. 

In the past, it can be said that the strict teacher made a good apprentice. Later, Rong Jue was injured. When Shiqing shangzun stopped him from asking for a doctor for him, it was enough to see what kind of attitude the master had towards his eldest disciple. 

Later, although he had a hard encounter with Chi xiafeng for rongjue's publicity, he revealed his identity as a Dan master, and then gave Rong Jue a life prolonging pill that could produce Danxia, which made some people feel that he was kind to this disciple. 

But now when Shiqing and rongjue broke the relationship between master and apprentice, no one was surprised. 

Rong Jue is now a mortal, a mortal, what does he stay in the cultivation world to do. 

What's more, Shiqing shangzun did the same to him before. Even if the longevity pill was given later, most of the chiyunzong disciples thought it was pity. 

After all, rongjue has changed from a practitioner who could fight with heaven for his life to a mortal, and his life span has changed from a minimum of 500 years to a mere hundred years. 

Give him a longevity pill, let him prolong his life, is the only teacher love that Shiqing emperor can give. 

We had expected that Rong Jue would leave qingjianfeng, so we were not surprised. It seemed that nothing had happened. No one said that he planned to send Rong Jue down the mountain. 

Shanglu and Qiao Lingyu want to send, but they are rejected by Rong Jue. 

The two men are still not dead kneeling on the cliff of qingjianfeng, trying to change their master's mind. 

Even if the elder martial brother became a mortal, he grew up in qingjianfeng and suddenly went to the mortal world. If something happened, they would not be able to help. 

However, no matter how much they prayed, Shiqing was stuffy in the room and pretended not to hear. 

Shanglu and Qiao Lingyu knelt for seven days. 

On the eighth day, they stopped kneeling. 

It's not that I can't hold on, but the news of rongjue has reached chiyun Zong. 

Their elder martial brother actually entered the demon world after leaving the Xiuzhen world. In just seven days, he made a reputation. 

Even he has killed many evil cults who have a disgusting reputation in the cultivation world. 

Mo laoguai, to mortal world, with a city of mortals refining magic weapon. 

Yuzhenren is highly cultivated and inferior. At the beginning, he pretended to be injured in the cultivation world and cheated many young practitioners to help him with spiritual power. In the end, he was absorbed by immortal fish and lost his life. 

And Cheng GUI, bear the real man 

These are all heinous crimes, but because of their profound cultivation, even if several major sects of the Xiuzhen world hate them, they can't be taken. 

Although Rong Jue killed some evil cults, Shanglu and Qiao Lingyu didn't think that their elder martial brother was doing harm to the people. 

Because Rong Jue killed those people, he took over the territory of their influence. 

In my memory, Chunshan elder martial brother, who is gentle and never speaks loudly to others, seems to have changed. 

Rumor has it that he killed people like hell. 

It is said that he acted ferociously in the demon world, and all disobedient people died under his sword. 

Rumor has it that he intended to take the throne of the devil. 

In just seven days, he almost defeated half of the demon Kingdom, and now he has gathered hundreds of thousands of demon troops to declare war on the current demon.If it is only for the people, it is not necessary to do so much. 

When Rong Jue did this, the ambition of the wolf was obvious. 

Shanglu and Qiao Lingyu feel unbelievable at the same time, but they have to believe after taking a picture of the spirit stone from the demon world. 

Their senior brother really fell into the devil kingdom. 

Even changed a person like, want to sit on the throne of the devil. 

Senior brother, he has really changed. 

They anxiously went to find Shi Qing. 

But their master just looked pale and shook his head: 

"he will not." 

No what? 

The truth of the matter has been put in front of them, and there are even photos. The one wearing black armor and handsome face is not stained with blood. His eyes are cold and sharp, and he cuts watermelon like a knife. Isn't that the honor formula? 

Not only the deer and Qiao Lingyu letter, even the chiyun Zong people have gradually received the news. 

It even caused a lot of discussion. 

After all, Rong Jue was also a well-known figure of chiyunzong at the beginning, and now he has killed half of the demon world in less than seven days after becoming a mortal. 

Even those who practice the truth can die of curiosity. 

The disciples at the bottom just discuss and satisfy their own gossip, but the upper level of chiyunzong has already entered the state of preparation for war. 

On the tenth day, the news came that Rong Jue was on the throne of the devil. 

The chiyun patriarch urgently called the superior, the elder, and began to discuss. 

Although there were demons in the demon world before, the major forces had already broken up, and the demon world could not gather at all. 

Even if most of the evil cults are cruel, they may not be able to fight against them. Because of their uncooperative relationship, the Xiuzhen world is not worried about fighting with the demon world. 

But now, Rong Jue unifies the demon world. 

He is so ambitious, who knows whether he will put his eyes on the cultivation world after winning the demon world. 

The reason why chiyun clan can become the first immortal sect depends not only on cultivation, but also on some predictions. 

As soon as Chi xiafeng's Zhang Chenggang heard the patriarch's full of anxiety, he snorted and looked at Shi Qing: 

"it's time to ask Shiqing shangzun. He taught such a good disciple." 

"I heard that when rongjue was still in qingjianfeng, Shiqing shangzun didn't treat him very well. Now he is on the throne of the devil. If he really attacks the Xiuzhen world, I'm afraid the reason is mostly because of Shiqing shangzun." 

In the face of Zhang Cheng's tossing pot, Shi Qing just looks down with expressionless expression and doesn't say a word. 

"Well, now that the foreign enemy is not clear, will we fight internally?" 

The patriarch scolded: "besides, it has not been decided whether rongjue wants to fight Xiuzhen world or not." 

Before he finished speaking, a disciple came in from outside. 

"Lord, the demon Kingdom and the army of demon kingdom are coming towards us." 

The faces of those present immediately changed. 

How fast?!!! 

Isn't Rong Jue just won the demon world?! 

The patriarch also suddenly stood up, "how many people did they bring?" 

The disciple's face was pale, and he was obviously frightened: 

"a lot, it seems that the whole demon Kingdom's army is coming. Lord, they are coming fiercely. What should we do?" 

How to do it? 

The whole army of demon Kingdom has come. What else can they do? 

There seems to be no other way but to wait for death. 

Zhang Cheng also suddenly stood up: "he came to our chiyun clan because of the Qing Dynasty! If it wasn't for what Shi Qing had done to him, he would not have come directly to us. " 

With the arrival of the demon Kingdom army, they will certainly not be able to defeat them directly. Zhang Cheng does not care about anything else at the moment. He grits his teeth and proposes: "Lord, it's better to have the honor Jue come for a while. Let's hand over Shiqing." 

"He's worth it to keep our whole family on his own." 

"Nonsense!" 

The patriarch scolded the past coldly: "Shiqing shangzun is my chiyun patriarch. No matter what kind of grudges he has with Rong Jue, he is my chiyun patriarch!" 

"It's just a fight against the demon world." 

He quickly made a mark and flew to the door of other families for help. He stood up with a cold face: "I chiyunzong, even if I am dead, I will die standing still!" 

"Gentlemen! Let's go out with me to fight! " 

Zhang Cheng said: 

Win your mother's war. 

He had a dark face and thought for a while, or he would take the opportunity to run. 

The whole army of the demon world, how can they fight. 

I can't beat it. 

All the people present could see what he was thinking, but at the moment of the war, although they all frowned, they did not say anything. 

As soon as the party went out, the prohibition of chiyunzong was broken. 

The disciples ran in all directions, and in the sky, the army of demon Kingdom stood on it. 

In terms of number and prestige, it is very terrible.Led by Rong Jue, he was dressed in black clothes and with a long sword in his hand. He flew down directly. 

Zhang Cheng suddenly pushed Shi Qing out: 

"Rong Jue, I know that you hate Shi Qing to attack chiyunzong. He is here and you can kill him." 

"Presumptuous!" 

The devil's face was cold, and he suddenly swung his sleeve. The evil spirit directly attacked Zhang Cheng. 

He screamed and was beaten out. 

In all of you, venerable elders are suddenly alert to pick up weapons against the devil. 

In the full view of the public, he went to Shiqing 

- bang! 

Get down on your knees! 

In the eyes of a dazed crowd, the devil looked up and looked at Shi Qing with a sonorous voice: 

"master, the disciple is now the devil, and he brings the army of the demon world to the alliance of the spiritual world." 

As soon as he waved his hand, the army of demon world all laid down their weapons. 

Rong Jue raised his face with firmness: 

"after the alliance between the demon world and the Xiuzhen world, in the future, even if the disciple is a demon cultivation, he can still stay with you." 




 When the devil kneels down, there is no one to speak. 

When he finished this sentence, the audience was silent, so quiet that even mosquitoes could hear it. 

Suzerain; "..." 

The other sages said: 

Zhang Cheng, who was thrown out to cover his chest, sat up and vomited blood 

The devil brought the army to the frontier just to talk about the alliance with the Xiuzhen world. He didn't dare to write that. 

But that's how it happened. 

Almost everyone's line of sight revolves around rongjue and Shiqing. 

Finally, under the sight of thousands of people, the cold and cold master finally moved. He looked at the former disciple kneeling on the ground with a complex look, and even his voice seemed to be full of complexity: 

"why do you need to be like this?" 

Rong Jue knocked his head on the ground again and made a lot of noise. 

A demon, with at least 100000 demon troops standing behind him, did not care about his face. He still looked firm and devout and kowtowed to Shiqing. 

It seems that even if his cultivation is unfathomable now, Shiqing, the former master with only a suitable period, is also his eternal belief. 

This picture is so powerful that the patriarch's heart beat and almost didn't have a heart attack on the spot. 

He tried to catch a breath. 

Although we said that we would die together if we wanted to die, since the demon world didn't want to fight, the patriarch couldn't say such things as "alliance, you ghost, Laozi is going to die". 

He himself is OK. If there are so many disciples of chiyun sect, how can he be worthy of his ancestor. 

So, the patriarch coughed. First, he took out a handkerchief from his arms and wiped it. I don't know if it was shocking or the sweat on his forehead. Then he pondered and said: 

"since the devil is coming to the alliance, why does he bring the army under pressure?" 

We can't blame them for thinking that the other side is fighting. In this situation, no one believes that it's not a fight. 

Rong Jue raised his head, but he still knelt in front of Shi Qing. His face was full of Justice: 

"I was a member of the chiyun clan, and I knew that the Xiuzhen world was always on guard against the demon world. If I came directly to talk about the Alliance, I was afraid that the people in the Xiuzhen world would feel cheated. Therefore, I brought my demon Kingdom army to ensure the success of the alliance." 

Patriarch:.... " 

The other sages said: 

Why can they understand every word of Rong Jue, but when combined, they can't understand the meaning? 

Bring the army of the demon world to ensure the success of the Alliance 

Is there a relationship between the two?? 

Do you have it?!! 

As if he knew what they were thinking, even if he knelt on the ground, he continued: 

"the army of the demon world is integrated here. As long as I want to, I can immediately level down the Xiuzhen world." 

All of them said, "well 

Therefore, he brought the demon Kingdom army to the alliance, which is the sincerity of the naked. 

There is no refutation. 

When they can't say a word, Rong Jue's line of sight is almost infatuated with falling on the slightly twisted eyebrow, a jade white face can not see when the Qing body. 

"Master, after the alliance between the demon world and the Xiuzhen world, the disciple will step down from the position of the devil." 

"This seat should be dedicated to the master." 

All of them said, "well 

Painstakingly beat down the demon world and give it to people?? 

I'm afraid Rong Jue is not crazy. 

Shi Qing: [Tut, sure enough, I miss my Rongbao every night. ] 

as the Supreme Master of the immortal sect, as long as he doesn't collapse, he can never be openly associated with a demon cultivation. 

But what about the alliance between the demon world and the Xiuzhen world. 

In the full view of the public, the master and his former disciple, the present devil, looked at each other. In a pair of beautiful eyes, he was full of complexity. 

In the sight full of hope and admiration, Shiqing shangzun seemed to escape and turned around in confusion: 

"what is the purpose of the alliance? Why should we bring the army to the chiyun sect? I am sorry for you, but there is no such thing as chiyun Zong..." 

"I never thought it would be disadvantageous to chiyun clan." 

Rong Jue was keenly aware of the master's soft heart. He was so pleased that he quickly appeared on his face and knelt in front of him: 

"master, I just want to make sure that everything is safe and sound. Chiyun sect is the place where the disciples are raised. How can the disciples do anything to the chiyunzong?" 

-- if it's a big deal, we'll have the whole chiyun sect surrounded here. 

Dressed in a black suit, he still looks like the elder martial brother of qingjianfeng. His eyes are full of admiration: 

"master, I can guarantee that chiyun Zong will be safe and healthy." 

He doesn't guarantee the health of the spiritual world. 

If the Xiuzhen world does not agree with the alliance, it will still scare them.Kneeling on the ground, every sentence sonorous, eyes firm, a pair of "I said is absolutely from the heart of the truth" appearance. 

This obviously reassured Shi Qing. He was a little bit hasty to avoid the hot sight of the eldest disciple: 

"since there is nothing wrong with chiyunzong, I will go back first." 

"You..." 

He "tangled" and looked at Rong Jue, and his ear tip was slightly red. Although his voice was weak, he could hear it: 

"after you have dealt with the matter, if you really unite with the demon world, come to me." 

Rong Jue's eyes lit up immediately. 

Almost everyone at the scene could see that the devil's momentum was relieved, as if from a fierce bear into a soft little wolf dog. 

In front of his master, he was willing to lose all his thorns. 

Shiqing is gone. 

This picture is very beautiful. 

At the top, there are the demonic army in black and the disciples of chiyun sect in white. 

All the people were standing still, only a blue shirt on the Zun, before walking, the long sleeves of the hem fluttered. 

Rong Jue focused on looking at the master's back. His eyes were gentle and his expression was gentle. It was hard to believe that this was the devil with a cold face and a long sword in his hand. He fought his way of blood on the battlefield. 

People will subconsciously relax their vigilance to people with harmless looks. 

In particular, rongjue grew up in chiyun sect before. Although the patriarch and the elders may not have much contact with him, they will naturally know what kind of person rongjue was after he became a demon. 

Almost everyone's response was surprisingly consistent. 

He is kind, honest, talented, patient, and never stingy with his teaching. 

Originally, they were still suspicious in their hearts. Now when they saw Rong Jue showing this appearance, they relaxed a little bit. 

Yeah. 

How can a person's disposition change in such a short time. 

Even if he became the devil, it seems that he was still the good and honest disciple of qingjianfeng. 

Look, even now, he is so respectful to Shiqing, whose accomplishments are lower than himself. 

The atmosphere of the scene gradually eased down. 

One of them had seen Rong Jue more often than before. Every time Rong Jue saw him, he was respectfully greeting him. 

He thought that since Rong Jue was still the original attitude towards Shi Qing, he must be no different from him. 

Shangzun: "rongjue, you..." 

The rest of his words stuck in his throat after the devil raised his eyes. 

Rong Jue stood up slowly. 

His sword eyebrows and star eyes were originally harmless when he was a disciple of the chiyun clan. But now, although his eyebrows and eyes are still the same, they add a bit more fierce and magical. 

This appearance, almost no one can say a word, he is a righteous person. 

When he stood up, as soon as he reached out his hand, the sword that had been placed on the ground immediately rose into the air and fell into the hands of the devil. 

With the sword in his hand, Rong Jue was more and more powerful. He looked at the people of chiyun sect in front of him, and his expression was indifferent: 

"then, I have made it very clear that the alliance between the demon world and the Xiuzhen world is imperative!" 

Speaking of this, he squinted slightly: 

"if the Xiuzhen world refuses to unite, then go to war." 

A group of people:.... " 

What kind of troupe are you??? 

Face changing has become so fast!!! 

Shiqing shangzun has been away for less than a few seconds! 

The master almost thought that he was a mirage. He managed to keep his face steady: "you just said that you should protect the health of chiyun Zong." 

"That's right." 

Rong Jue looks back and looks at the grass and trees of chiyun Zong. His eyes reveal a little tenderness. 

Master loves here, and naturally he wants to keep chiyunzong healthy. 

Devil: "I have nothing to do with chiyunzong when I fight with Xiuzhen world." 

All of them said, "well 

So, is chiyun Zong expelled from the practice world? 

War is impossible. 

Knowing that you must die, it is no problem to die with the idea of "death is also a heroic point". 

If people don't want to kill you, but you bump in and say, "kill me, kill me." that's too silly. 

So, in the end, the patriarch decided to have a good talk. 

They kept a high degree of vigilance and brought rongjue to the assembly hall. 

Rong Jue's attitude is very firm. 

If you want the demon world to stop killing as usual, no problem. 

I want the demon world to practice well and not to be a moth. No problem. 

If you want the demon world not to make trouble in the mortal world, no problem. 

In short, it must be united. 

It is necessary to make people in the demon world who are not welcome by the Xiuzhen world to become official accounts holders, so that the demon world can change from a heresy to a serious way of cultivation.Outside, a part of the magic soldiers fell down and stood everywhere in chiyun sect, loyal to protect their own demons. 

-- and the devil and his master. 

Rong Jue knew that the master hated those who had no ferocious face, and the soldiers selected urgently were at least good-looking. 

They were dressed in black armor, with spears in their hands, and their eyes were cold. They stood still, attracting many chiyun sect disciples to watch. 

Many of the disciples have never been a monk, and they have heard about the devil kingdom. 

It is said that some of the magic practices in the demon world are from mortal practice, some are born to be magic cultivation, and a small part of them are ru Rong Jue, who were originally practitioners of truth and then fell into the evil way. 

Of course, Rong Jue such a magic repair will immediately the whole demon world are a nest of end of the cruel role on him. 

But in the rumor heard by the practitioners, the evil monks are all slovenly, and some of them have body odor. One by one, they are not good people. 

But the demon army in front of them is clearly well-trained and resolute. 

Because they knew that the demon world was going to ally with the Xiuzhen world, some young chiyun clan disciples were not so afraid of the demon cultivation. They bravely went forward and selected the most upright demon soldier and asked in a low voice: 

"that Elder brother, I heard that elder martial brother Rong No, no, no, no, Lord. The Lord just entered the demon world seven days ago. Why do you seem to admire him 

It's only seven days. It's too short. 

Although elder martial brother Rong was very charming when he was there, it was too open on the 7th. 

Magic Soldier: Those who don't respect you are dead. " 

This disciple: -- 

He was stunned for a long time, then he laughed dryly: "well, it seems that the LORD God still likes to be admired by others. Before he was in chiyun clan, he was admired by our brothers." 

The demon soldier looked at the silly disciple in front of him with a stuffy face: "do you admire zunshang? If the ugly one admires zunshang, he will die. Why are you still alive 

Disciple: 

"I am ugly, I am Wait, why would you die if you were ugly? " 

Demon Soldier: "the LORD said it was because they had committed too many crimes. They had tortured and killed too many people in the mortal world before." 

"But the way I look at them is that I dislike their ugliness." 

With that, he looked up and down at his disciples and added, "you look so ugly that you will die." 

Disciple: 

Disciple: "well, how did he win the demon kingdom in just seven days Seven days is too short. " 

Magic Soldier: "look at you don't look good to me, I'm kind to tell you." 

With a voice without ups and downs and an expression of lovelessness, he recalled: 

"zunshang entered from the south entrance of the demon world and fought all the way to the north. He said that he was in a hurry and had no time to do anything else. First, he picked out the real man who was on the wanted list of Xiuzhen world. After killing them, he took over their power. Later, we found that it was useless to resist or revolve around So when you finally arrive at a city, the demon king in the city will come out and surrender. " 

People are open hang, honor is to continue to open hang. 

He himself is a hang up, and his subordinates are growing much more. 

At the beginning, it was Rong Jue who fought against the whole demon world. 

The other half of the magic world is half of the magic war. 

The evil cultivation didn't have the idea of "to die standing on your own feet" as soon as he found out that the situation was wrong, he immediately turned to Rong Jue. 

"There are also people who want to sneak attack zunshang, and they are all killed on the spot. There are still millions of us in the demon Kingdom army, but those people are not as good-looking as our group, so we follow Zun to practice." 

With that, he looked down at the disciple in front of him and let out a hum from his nose: "if we want to beat you in the demon Kingdom, we will take it in minutes." 

The disciple's brain is hot, subconsciously asked: "then why don't you fight?" 

The pride on the demon soldier's face disappeared immediately. 

He hugged his weapon in silence, as if thinking of the devil who met the God and killed the Buddha. His face was a burst of egg pain: "nonsense." 

"Of course, you will be killed by zunshang." 

After all, the demon world and the Xiuzhen world signed the alliance treaty. 

Although it was signed under the invisible threat of "you dare not sign, we will directly fight the Xiuzhen world" in the demon world. 

However, some practitioners are afraid that the evil cultivation will not abide by the agreement, but rongjue is not very worried. 

Before that, those monks who killed others and killed innocent people were all dead. 

The rest of them were scared and scared, and those who had never touched human life on their hands. 

It's not that you have to kill people to practice. It's just that in the future, it's just like cultivating the true world. It's still very simple to do it. 

At the time of signing the contract, an additional clause was added to the contract which was valid for both parties.The true world should also be like the demon world, where the master and the apprentice become the partners. 

In addition, they should have their own gold seals on their own like other Taoist priests. 

The practitioners who were worried about what he put forward too much demand were afraid that he would ask too much 

Combined with the former Rong Jue to give the whole demon world to Shiqing. 

What he was thinking was clear at a glance. 

The devil is still a love brain. 

Rong Jue doesn't care what others think of himself. When the contract is established, he tries to tidy up himself with a cheerful mood, and becomes the image that the master once liked, and courtes Shi Qing carefully. 

He has only one goal now. 

That is, so aboveboard depends on the master's side. 

Although Rong Jue went to the demon world these days, he kept killing, but when killing became instinct, his brain became more and more sober. 

He clearly realized that he did not want to leave his master. 

He is not satisfied with being only a disciple loved by his master. 

He wants more. 

He wanted to stand beside his master in a aboveboard manner, as a Taoist companion. 

It can be difficult. 

After all, he had done such a thing to his master, and the master didn't want to crush him to pieces, so he should be grateful. 

But maybe he was born a half demon. Greed and occupation were deeply engraved in his bones. He wanted to stand by his master and protect him all his life. 

Rong Jue, cheer yourself up! 

Well, he's done the first step! 

Next, he will fight down the demon world, handed in front of the master. 

It was not easy for Rong Jue to make an appointment with Shiqing. 

The demon Kingdom's soldiers are training on the training ground of chiyunzong. 

Each of them practiced very seriously and worked hard. 

After all, the head boss had left a deep psychological shadow on them when he was fighting the demon world. If he didn't practice well, God knows whether he would cut them off like vegetables. 

When looking at their neat and uniform pace, his eyes showed admiration: "Rong Jue, is this what you taught them?" 

Rong Jue, dressed in white and wearing a jade crown, seems to have become the elegant disciple of qingjianfeng: 

"yes, master." 

Magic soldiers in training Ghost. 

At the beginning, Rong Jue raced against time, which had time to practice them. It was not because they practiced so hard for their own lives that they had this achievement now. 

The upper one, who was wearing a green shirt and had a clear temperament, believed it. 

With a smile on his lips, he looked at Xiang rongjue and said, "sure enough, you have been very careful to your younger martial brothers and sisters since you were a child. When I closed up, they were all taught by you patiently. At that time, almost the whole chiyun sect envied me for having such a good apprentice as you. His talent was not to be said, and he was still pure and good. At that time, he was always at ease when he was in seclusion because he knew you would take care of me On Lu Lingyu. " 

Speaking of this, there was a little nostalgia in the eyes of the master, and then he sighed: "now you are all grown up, and you are no longer the child who liked to follow me at the beginning." 

Rong Jue keenly captured the memory in the master's eyes, and immediately his expression was shocked. 

He turned to his side, carefully, as he had done when he was a child, and pulled Shi Qing's sleeve: "master, Shanglu and Lingyu are not stickiness. When they grow up, they are no longer like before..." 

The devil ignored the fact that he had nothing to do since he was young. He liked to go to see the master. He lowered his head and dropped his head on his slender shoulder. He said in a soft voice: 

"but the disciples are still like children." 

It's a bit difficult to do this, because he's tall. 

But Rong Jue is very natural, as if he is really a child, clinging to the teacher's shoulder, trying to scatter Jiao. 

When Qing facial expression slightly soft down, the hand gently pushed him, did not exert force, also did not push the person away naturally. 

He chuckled with the same soft tone: "you are the devil now, but don't make this gesture. It's a joke." 

Rong Jue's heart is more happy. 

Sure enough! 

What the master likes most is his disciple dependence. 

Knowing the master's pulse, he will do the next move more smoothly. 

"Master, although the disciple is a devil, he is still your disciple." 

Rong Jue touched his master's shoulder pitifully with his face: "there are many villains in the demon world. When I first entered the demon world, I was afraid that I couldn't sleep. I always thought that if the master was around the disciple, it would be good." 

The magic soldiers who are training their troops:.... " 

You can't sleep??? 

You're not sleeping at all, OK! 

To the demon world is a chop! 

People in the demon world are scared and can't sleep!! 

However, no matter how much they roar in their hearts, no one on the surface dares to expose the demon who lies in front of his master."But they said, you killed the four sides in the demon world, and there are many demon soldiers to follow." 

"It's just rumors." 

The devil was content to lean on the master, his face was not red and his spirit was not short: "the disciple was deeply taught by the master, how could he kill all directions? The devil soldiers followed him only deeply felt that the disciple's conduct was good. After all, the disciple was taught by the master, and he was always better than those demon kings." 

"If you don't believe me, ask him. The whole demon world knows it. The disciple is from qingjianfeng. He is gentle, courteous and thrifty. I remember it." 

Rong Jue still can't forget Shi Qing's love for deer. Although he doesn't dare to talk about anything his master has done, it doesn't affect his quietly trying to win favor. 

He asked the demon soldier, "you say, do you follow me because you respect your own conduct?" 

The demon soldier pulled out:.... " 

At this moment, many pictures flashed through his mind. 

Among them, there are: 

the honor formula of standing in the battlefield with a sword as cold as a devil. 

The whole city is directly wrapped with magic Qi, and the honor formula of reincarnation without surrender is put forward. 

The face splashes with blood, even in the eyes all take on the blood color Rong Jue. 

His legs trembled, his eyes trembled, his lips trembled: "subordinate, subordinate..." 

Rong Jue carefully put his hand around the master's waist and looked at it. He used the gentle language that almost made the demon soldiers hairy: 

"just tell the truth." 

The demon soldier was an honest man, trembling his lips and stammering with difficulty: 

"respect, respect, really follow the truth..." Say it? 

The rest of his words froze when he saw Rong Jue's right hand, which seemed to hang on one side unintentionally, soared with evil spirit. Under his sword eyebrows, his eyes looked at him coldly, and his face was full of killing intent, and then he suddenly froze: 

"real, real..." 

When Qing slightly wrung eyebrow: "why does he speak so?" 

Rong Jue: "he was born sick, is a stuttering." 

The blue shirt looked at the demon soldier subconsciously. 

The magic soldier nodded wildly: "yes, yes! I stammer 

Rong Jue: "since he stutters, master, ask someone else." 

Then he looked at the other demons. 

At the side of this demon soldier, the magic soldiers felt the sight of the devil. They did not dare to come out of the atmosphere one by one, and their forehead was sweating one after another. 

Rong Jue: "forget it, you say it together." 

"Tell master, why do you follow me." 

The magic soldiers looked at the front, lifted their chests and raised their heads, with sweat on their heads and cold sweat on their backs. Their voices were sonorous and powerful: 

"we respect and respect our conduct!" 

"Follow me voluntarily!"





 Rong Jue can clearly feel that his master's attitude towards him is gradually softening after he shows that he is still as upright and pure as ever. 

He was ecstatic, more and more riveted in front of the master performance. 

After the alliance between the demon world and the Xiuzhen world, as the glory formula of the devil, he did not care about the rumors outside, so he settled down in chiyun Zong. 

There are only two opinions on him from the outside world: 

first, he grew up in the chiyun clan and has feelings for the chiyun clan. 

2、 It can be seen from the content of the contract that this love brain demon obviously wants to get a teacher first. 

Of course, it may also be that he has feelings for the chiyun clan and wants to be close to the water. 

Even if the outside world beeped on this matter, no one said "you are the devil, you should go to the demon world". 

Now the demon world is allied with the Xiuzhen world. Rong Jue wants to stay. Even if the people in the Xiuzhen world don't welcome this demon, there's no reason to drive them away. 

Besides 

No one has ever won. 

This person is open to hang, originally is the true person time already is strong enough, turned into the devil repair unexpectedly more powerful. 

No win, no win. 

Some disciples of other schools went to chiyun sect under the banner of visiting friends. They planned to have a good look at the magic soldiers in the demon world. Of course, it would be better if we could see the legendary devil again. 

Then they went to the chiyunzong and learned that chiyunzong had not even arranged a residence for the Lord. 

Mom, it's the first immortal. 

In the face of power, they can even express their indomitable power in this way. 

I admire you. 

The disciple with a cavity of respect for the chiyunzong feeling under the family, but back to his own sect, but a good publicity. 

His reputation in the outside world was somehow transformed into chiyunzong, who was fearless of power 

The fart is not afraid of power. 

As soon as Rong Jue said that he wanted to live down, they immediately arranged a room with the best treatment. As a result, the devil said that he would not bother them to arrange it. 

Then he ran to the top of the cliff of qingjianfeng to lay the floor. 

What else can they say? 

Say, "don't chase after Shi Qingshang and come to the place we arranged for you to sleep"? 

Rong Jue has such a high value of force. What should he do if he is beaten. 

But it would be a shame for them to tell the truth that "we were afraid of being beaten and didn't make room for Rong Jue.". 

So, in the face of rumors outside, chiyunzong closed his eyes and pretended to be dead. 

It is better to tell that they are not afraid of power than that they are afraid of being beaten. 

Rong Jue is indeed sleeping on the floor. 

To be exact, he wanted to sleep on the floor. 

Of course, as everyone knows, it's not the floor that he wants to sleep. 

It's time for Qing shangzun. 

But what's more, the devil drags the cool hanging to blast the sky, facing his master like a wolf dog whimpering for touch. 

The relationship between the two people in the end is more than a layer of Mei Dan, although the upper respect to this disciple relaxed a lot, but worried about Mei Dan, refused to let Rong Jue live in a room with himself. 

Rong Jue immediately knelt outside the house. 

He kneels skillfully, kneels nimbly, kneels naturally. 

The magnetic voice is low: 

"the disciple knows that the master has not forgiven the disciple, and the disciple doesn't want to disturb the master, but he was in the demon world before Maybe he was frightened and could not sleep at night. When he closed his eyes, he would have a nightmare. He had not been able to sleep for a long time. The disciple was really, really tired, so he had the courage to ask the master to take him in. " 

His words were sincere and his tone was sad. He was so sad that he could hear his tears. 

If those who died under his sword heard it, they would be moved to cry. 

So pitiful (performing), Shiqing shangzun finally could not bear to let him in as he wished. 

Rong Jue got the knack of how to make master soft to him. 

What the master likes is the pure and good man at the beginning. 

It doesn't matter. 

The devil didn't feel anything about it. Anyway, he was also him in the past. 

At the same time, he ordered the magic soldiers to do good deeds. 

The best way is to let the whole world know that he is the most kind person. 

Magic soldiers: -- 

On this day, in the setting sun, the magic soldiers recalled themselves before they joined the army. 

If they could do it again, they would have given themselves two big mouths. 

What a fool!! 

Why not! 

Be a magic soldier!! 

The social animal demon soldiers accept their orders to do the work that does not belong to their own duty, but Rong Jue is satisfied to feel that his master's sight is becoming more and more gentle. 

The relationship between master and apprentice eased up at a speed visible to the naked eye.Finally, one night. 

Rong Jue closed his eyes and was thinking "I heard that zhenghanzong was in disaster. Should I donate some money to show my kindness?" he suddenly heard a choking sob. 

Master! 

He suddenly opened his eyes. In the dark, the devil's sight was unimpeded. He fell on the cloud bed and closed his eyes. However, the jade white cheek turned red, and his red lips opened slightly. He was sobbing and choking. 

The broken poor choking voice made Rong Jue subconsciously flustered. He suddenly got up and came to the cloud bed to see what happened to the master. 

"Master?" 

The devil called carefully. 

Shi Qing did not answer. 

He looked at it carefully in the dark, and found that Shiqing still closed his eyes tightly. Though his long eyelashes seemed to be shaking uneasily, he was still asleep. 

Master Did you have a nightmare? 

Rong Jue almost immediately thought of his master's nightmare. 

After all, everyone knows that Shiqing shangzun didn't suffer much from his childhood. 

The only pain is that unknown month. 

Rong Jue imprisoned his master in this room, forcing him to 

No! 

No! 

The master said that he did not blame himself. 

Rong Jue tried to wash his brain. 

But the next moment, the cloud bed on the tightly shrunk in the quilt on the Zun suddenly shrunk, will own to the mattress more hidden. 

The red lips were slightly open, and a person's name was called out in a trembling voice: 

"Rong Jue..." 

For a moment, there was no more than a bolt from the blue. 

Rong Jue's face turned white in an instant and stood in the same place in disbelief. 

The Lord's hatred for himself has never abated. 

Even if he had never scolded his teacher, the more he hated it, the more he could not blame him. 

He has been forced to suppress, trying to make his master like to please him. 

But now, Rong Jue stands beside the bed, watching the cloud bed close his eyes, as if immersed in a nightmare, sobbing master, heart bursts of pain. 

Master 

In fact, the master has never forgotten the harm he has given to his disciple. 

However, he was shameless and still hoped to stay with his master by means of inferior means, and even had the extravagant hope of becoming a Taoist partner with his master. 

In fact, the master even wanted to get rid of him in his nightmare. 

Rong Jue stood in the same place dispirited, this period of time is like a moment to be engulfed. 

When he got to such a point, he even had the delusion of becoming a Taoist companion with his master. 

He doesn't deserve it. 

The Lord clenched his fist and turned slowly 

Behind him, shangzun on the cloud bed called out again: 

"slow down Slow down 

This sentence, Rong Jue is quite familiar with. 

In that month, the teacher said this sentence most often. 

His pupils constricted and he turned sharply. 

Almost shaking his hands, he lifted the mattress. 

After seeing what was under the bedding, the devil stood still again. 

Master, did he have a dream of spring? 

The master just called him 

Before rongjue wants to know clearly, he opens his eyes vaguely when he is slightly gasping. His beautiful water eyes are still at a loss. After seeing Rong Jue, he is at a loss, but he turns to be at ease in an instant. 

He seemed to think that he was in a dream. He took the initiative to stretch out his thin white arm and held Rong Jue's neck, guiding the devil into the cloud bed. 

Rong Jue: 

His tongue was numb and his body was stiff. He was still immersed in the "master took the initiative to hold me" and could not extricate himself. 

Cloud bed as if once accepted two people, the curtain also did not know who put down, in the dark, when Qing choked sobbing more. 

Three days later, Shanglu and Qiao Lingyu sat on the edge of the flower bed. 

"If you don't show up for three days, you will hold a ceremony for Taoist lovers." 

Qiao Lingyu: "well, second elder martial brother, I think that the elder martial brother and the elder martial brother can only see each other in their eyes. If I encounter problems in my practice in the future, what can I do?" 

The deer patted his chest: "it's not easy. Just ask me." 

He is confident in teaching younger martial sister: "don't worry, younger martial sister. Although I'm not as good as elder martial brother, I should be able to answer all your questions." 

Qiao Lingyu nodded at ease and suddenly clapped his hands: "second elder martial brother, I have a problem now." 

On the deer: "you said, I will certainly answer up." 

Qiao Lingyu: "when the ceremony is over, shall we call it the master's sister-in-law or the elder brother and sister-in-law?" 

Shanglu:.... " 

Can he swallow the last sentence back?It is a typical marriage between the Xiuzhen and the demon world. After the marriage, the demon Kingdom and the Xiuzhen world have been moving forward hand in hand, abandoning the past suspicion, until now 

On the platform, the teacher was saying: 

"many students may not know that eight thousand years ago, when magic and Xianxiu met each other, they would fight and never die. Let alone sitting together in class like now, even a glance at each other would be regarded as provocation." 

"But! At that time, it seemed that there was going to be a war at any time. Because of an accident, the rongjue of qingjianfeng had to turn to magic cultivation and become the devil in just seven days. These seven days are called the war of seven days. This is a test point. Please remember it. " 

"At that time, we did not choose the position of the emperor, but we did not choose the position of the real one." 

A demon student interrupted: "I know, my father said that Rong Jue went to the real world because he liked Qing shangzun." 

"That's what my mother said." 

"My grandfather, too." 

"It's all unofficial history." The teacher stopped the students' words with a serious face and said seriously: "don't look at the unofficial history, but look at the serious history, do you know?" 

"Rong Jue grew up in chiyun Zong and was taught by Shiqing shangzun when he was young. In his memoirs, it is recorded in detail that Shiqing shangzun cared for him since he was a child and taught him with his hands. It also records how Shiqing shangzun was a person who had a glorious life. Would such a person's teaching of rongjue be bad?" 

Teacher: "speaking of this, there is also a test point, we turn to page 13, the second line, see, it says, Shiqing shangzun is a person who is strict to himself, gentle to others, considerate to the world, and serious to his disciples. This question is generally a blank filling question. You should recite it." 

A student raised his hand: "teacher, eight thousand years ago, Xianxiu and magic Xiu either fell or soared. Where did these histories come from?" 

Teacher: "from Rong Jue's memoir of course." 

"Well, let's continue to say, in short, because Shi Qing was a good man, he was still influenced by his master and did not go astray. On the contrary, he thought of saving the evil cultivation which was extremely chaotic and committed crimes. Although the magic cultivation could not rise, it was for many people with poor or no spiritual roots It's also a good choice to have the magic cultivation. In a word, rongjue and Shiqing were buried together after their life expectancy reached, which proves this point. " 

"After all, even the devil can't fly up, and Shiqing shangzun, his spiritual roots are not good, his cultivation has been unable to go, and he can only leave when he reaches his life. However, Rong Jue's memoirs also wrote that he had expected this day early in the morning, and they were even glad that they could go together." 

After all, one is dead and the other is still alive, which is too cruel for the well-known loving couple. 

"I personally think, ha, the reason why Rong Jue married with Shi Qing was that they were willing to sacrifice their own interests and preserve more people's personalities. Of course, there was a bias in history about Rong Jue's secret love for his master. For example, when the Xiuzhen world and the demon world signed a contract, Rongju once asked for an apprentice You can be a Taoist couple... " 

The students at the bottom listen, some dishonest also whisper. 

"My grandfather said that at the beginning, the evil cultivation had some dishonesty and could not change the habit of killing people. It all depended on Rong Jue's knowing and emotion moving. This was the only way to dispel the evil world atmosphere. At that time, the whole demon world did not say that Rong Jue was not good." 

His Xianxiu deskmate snorted, "but my grandfather said that those who said Rong Jue was not good at that time were killed by him." 

"Deceiving, what a good person Rong Jue is." 

"It's only when my grandfather says so." 

"You're talking nonsense. It's all written in history books." 

Time goes back to the moment when Shiqing and rongjue closed their eyes together: 

[Ding! Task completed, please choose: 1, continue task, 2, vacation. ] 

[continue the task. ] 

when ﹥ he opened his eyes and saw the man standing opposite. 

He was slender and handsome, and was frowning wearily. When he saw him, his eyes flashed with disgust and repulsion: 

"Shi Qing, you are too much this time." 

"In the future, you don't have to call me dad. Anyway, you didn't count as my son. When you graduated from college, I won't care about you any more." 

See when Qing seems to be very dazed to stand in situ looking at himself, look even a little pathetic, he twisted eyebrows, turned and strode out. 

Shi Qing: "father and son? ] 

the system appears cautiously to remind: "the host is not a relative, and has not been registered in the household register. According to the regulations of a river Rapid Transit Administration Bureau, we will not arrange for the host to have a kinship with the protagonist, otherwise it is easy to be shut down in a black room by blacklist. ] When Qing suddenly realized: "false father and son. ] 

[stimulation! ] 



Arc 9: Uncle Love Me Again 

 When the man who claimed to be his father left, Shiqing slowly sat down on the sofa. 

This is obviously a restaurant like place with high-end decoration. Some guests sitting around may be attracted by Shiqing, who has been standing still before, and have seen them one after another. 

Shi Qing naturally ignored their line of sight and looked at the introduction of the story at ease. 

He squinted at the sight. 

All in all, is the world a woman? ] 

the system was stunned and quickly separated out the data to see: [yes, but just that ] 

Shi Qing: [it's OK. Although he is not the main character, I don't dislike him. ] 

he continued to watch the story. 

The female host of this world is called Cheng Yunling. Her name is good, and people are beautiful. She is a grass-roots woman. She was poor when she was a child. Her university was dug into the entertainment industry. She was very beautiful and her acting skills were good. She soon showed her elegant demeanor in the entertainment industry. 

A show of style, around the pursuit of more people, the original owner is one of them. 

The original owner is a powerful second generation. During the summer vacation, Tan Mingjin intends to train him and ask him what he wants to develop. The original owner simply enters the entertainment circle. 

He aims at the entertainment industry purely for the convenience of chasing girls. After all, his family background is too strict. He was watched by his adoptive father before graduation, and he is not allowed to mess around. Now he has a chance to escape from his adoptive father's sight. Of course, he should be happy. 

Of course, because of his poor acting skills, although he entered the entertainment industry, he was not an entertainer, but directly dropped to an entertainment company under his father's name. 

He is an intern in name, but how can the original owner conceal that he is the son of Tan Mingyi. When the prince arrives, no one in the company dares to fight against him. He soon gets along like a duck in the water. 

The pursuit of a mistress is not to make her a girlfriend or really like it, but to see her good-looking and want to play with her. 

The hostess didn't like the original one. In addition, she noticed his idea, so she refused politely. As a result, the owner was narrow-minded. Seeing that the hostess was so "ungrateful", she directly took a black hand and made trouble for her performing arts career. Every time, she ran out of the hostess in the name of visiting a class. 

He also did not block the female owner, just holding the mentality of playing with each other, and wanted to force her to bow her head a little bit. 

The entertainment industry is the place to see people under the disc. When they realized that the original owner, the prince, hated the female owner, he immediately fell into various kinds of troubles. 

For a while, although the female owner was not banned, but the day also gradually became sad. 

The original master did not wait to come to the mistress to find himself, and his patience gradually lost. He simply gave the medicine to the female owner, intending to achieve a good thing with her. 

Fortunately, the heroine has a halo. She struggles to escape. In the process of escape, she happens to meet her adoptive father. She looks very much like her adoptive father and mother. He appreciates this actress who is very similar to his mother and works very hard. When she asks for help, he immediately decides to save people. 

When the woman asked for help, she poked out all the things that had been persecuted by the original owner. 

The adoptive father was so angry that he rescued her and sent someone to give her compensation. After that, he took the original owner back to scold her. 

Therefore, the original owner hated both the mistress and the adoptive father, but because of the power of his adoptive father, he did not dare to do anything more to her. He could only stare at her with pity and play with other little stars. 

Even if he was temporarily out of sight of the mistress, he was still the ultimate possessor. Along the way, the evil mistress's friend committed suicide, and the injured mistress's parents had a car accident. Finally, the mistress seized the evidence that he had murdered his adoptive father and intended to inherit the inheritance. 

But this is the story. 

When the novel became a world of its own, things were very different. 

The original owner didn't dare to disobey his father's orders, but according to his temperament, it was impossible for him not to intervene at all. After being reprimanded by his adoptive father, he was dissatisfied with him. After knowing that the mistress was going to shoot a part in Weiya the next afternoon, he directly did something to weia. 

The woman fell from the sky and died. 

As soon as she died, the world would play ball with her. 

After all the poisons have been poisoned, the degree of liking must not be high. Shiqing took a sip of coffee on the table and said, "rejection. ] 

a group of people who make mistakes in the protagonist's system and feel guilty: [Ding! Cheng Yunling's rejection: 100 out of 100] 

Shi Qing smiles, sips coffee again, and raises his long legs. 

Sure enough. 

It's no surprise at all:) 

to understand the world situation, it's time to look at our own situation. 

His adoptive father, Tan Mingjin, is a serious rich generation. He is more like the protagonist of the world than the female owner. He was born poor and had a single parent family. His mother raised him hard. 

Who knows that he has just been admitted to a key high school, and also got tuition free and scholarship. It seems that life is better. A car accident caused his mother to die on the spot. After becoming an orphan, Tan Mingjin lives alone. Up to now, college entrepreneurship has become the number one in the country and even in the world for the sake of wealth Tan Mingjin said that what he missed most was his biological mother.Because the mother and son lived in poverty at the beginning, and Tan Mingjin's mother was reluctant to spend money. Even when she died, she did not leave a picture. She was very similar to her biological mother and was equally strong. The woman who could let him see her face and think about others naturally got a big support. 

The father of the original owner was Tan Mingjin's childhood, which was also brought up by a single mother. Tan Mingjin grew up with him in a shabby alley. He had different lives with him. Tan Mingjin learned to be a bully when he was young. He was admitted to a key high school. He did not do well in elementary school and made the girl's belly bigger. They dare not tell others. They concealed it. They actually gave birth to the child early and exposed the matter Both of the latter two dropped out of school. The girl was taken away by her parents. The remaining one was a little girl, and the older one took care of the children. 

Tan Mingjin's life and childhood life will diverge, but the relationship is still very good, Tan mother and the young mother have a good relationship, occasionally also help to take the child. 

Unfortunately, the car accident not only took away Mrs. Tan, but also took faxiao. When Tan Mingjin came back, she could see her mother's last face, but she was killed on the spot. 

When Tan's mother was dying in the hospital, she told her son that when the car accident happened, she was in front of her so that she could barely survive and let Tan Mingjin remember to take care of her mother and son. 

After that is the original plot, the baby mother passed away soon. At that time, Tan Mingjin, who was already in business at that time, brought her baby to her side and looked after her as her own. 

As a result, the child grew long and crooked. 

Not only did not tan Mingjin, an unrelated outsider, let herself grow up and admire her adoptive father. Instead, she was thinking that she was not her father's own, and worried that Tan Mingjin would not be able to share all the family property because she had her own child. 

Tan Mingjin blamed him for his poor grades, because he was a minor who wanted to buy a sports car and refused to accept it, because his friends and friends pulled him to drag him to a racing car, which was dangerous and detained him. All these were considered by the owner as Tan Mingjin did not really treat him as a son. 

Otherwise, if he had a son, he would give him whatever he wanted. 

At this moment, the plot has been carried out. The original owner poisons the female owner and pursues the female owner who is poisoned. As a result, she just bumps into Tan Mingjin. 

Just now, his adoptive father, Tan Mingjin, just because he caught him chasing the poisoned woman owner, lost patience with the adopted son. However, he was afraid that it was a small blood vessel. Finally, he took him to this restaurant and gave an ultimatum. 

It is impossible to leave him alone after graduation from the University of the original master. If he had not been a child, Tan Mingjin, who was in high school in other places, could not have had the chance to see his mother for the last time. With this feeling, even if he had no patience, he would have to bear it. 

Otherwise, if he did not care about Shiqing, he grew up like a young master, suddenly cut off the relationship between father and son, and was driven out of the tan family, whether he could survive or not is still a problem. 

Tan Mingjin wanted to frighten his adopted son and make him feel at ease in his studies. The result has even more stimulated the original owner's desire to kill the female master. 

To be exact, it is tan Mingjin who wants to kill him more. 

After all, Tan Mingjin has never been married and has no children. When he dies, his family property will become the owner's responsibility. 

Almost feel clearly, Shi Qing also finished a cup of coffee. 

The situation is very clear, Tan Mingjin does not like his adopted son, who is constantly dying, but because of these reasons, even if he has no good feeling, he keeps refreshing his endurance. 

He looked down at the time on his wrist. 

There are still four hours to go before the female host is filming. 

Where is tan Mingjin? ] 

the system quickly flipped the plot: [the blind date has gone. ] 

when Qingzhao waved, he said with a smile to the waiter: "pay the bill." 

Tan Mingjin is indeed on a blind date. 

He was 16 years younger than Shi Qing, who was 18 years old and 33 years old. 

At this age, he would have been young in the mall, not to mention his life and wealth as if he had opened his door. 

It's no exaggeration to say that if he wants to get married, he can find the right person at any time. 

Tan Mingjin has not been married before, one is too busy with work, the other is because he has adopted a son. 

When Shiqing was a child, he was too busy at that time. His children were all taken care of by the nanny. He was worried that his wife would be bad to the child who had no blood relationship at this time. The child did not know how to resist, so he gave up. 

When Shiqing was a little older, she was still firmly opposed to his marriage. Naturally, Tan Mingjin didn't expect that the child raised by herself was thinking that "once the adoptive father gets married and has his own blood, he can't inherit the family property". She just thinks that it is the children's possessive desire. In addition, Tan Mingjin has never been in love since childhood, so she gave up. 

Therefore, Tan Mingjin, who has wealth, looks and figure, is still alone now. 

When Miss Tan Mingjin went to the mall yesterday, she proposed to help her. 

After the settlement of the adopted son, Tan Mingjin rushed to the agreed place. 

Miss Zhao was five years younger than Tan Mingjin. She was gorgeous and confident. When he arrived, she had arrived first."Sorry, I'm late." 

Looking at the handsome, tall and slender man sitting down, Miss Zhao smiles: 

"no, I arrived too early." 

She is a straightforward person, directly into the theme: "Mr. Tan, I think my uncle has already told you about my requirements. I want to be with you because our two families have a cooperative relationship. If we get married, it will be good for both companies." 

"I'm DINK. I don't want children. We can play each other after we get married. I know that you have an 18-year-old child in your family. If you want more children, you can hope that there are no more than three. Besides, the biological mother of the child should not make trouble to come to the house, as well as property..." 

Bang! 

Just as she was saying this, the door was suddenly kicked open, and both of them subconsciously looked at it. Beside the door, a young man with a good appearance and a sharp temperament came in. 

His age is the best age to look at. He has red lips and white teeth, fair skin, and good physique, but his attitude is slightly dragging. 

Tan Mingjin eyebrow slightly wrinkled up, reprimand way: "when Qing, you come to do what." 

"It's said that Dad, you come to see a blind date. Can't the son come to see the future stepmother?" 

The young man did not sit down, but just stood at the side of the table, raised his chin and pointed to Miss Zhao, with a light voice: 

"is this my future stepmother? It looks almost my age, Dad. I know you have a lot of young women out there, but you don't have to find a stepmother about my age 

The adoptive father has not had a woman for so many years, Shi Qing can't have not known, he said so, it is obvious to smash the scene. 

Tan Mingjin's face was cold, and the magnetic voice suppressed her dissatisfaction: 

"go out." 

Miss Zhao was not angry. She even laughed happily. She raised her eyes and looked at a young man who was delicate, but as fierce as a little tiger. She said with a smile: 

"thank you for praising me young. In fact, I'm not much worse than your father. I'm only five years behind." 

The young man was full of provocation, looking at her, she was not angry but smiling. Her expression was stunned, and then he became angry: 

"so what? You want to marry my father, and you don't see what you look like. Just like you, do you deserve my father?" 

Miss Zhao: "I am the eldest daughter of Zhao's group. Although our family can't compare with your father, we can still get married." 

When Qing's face was blue and white: "my father still plays with women, he just made a female star recently." 

Miss Zhao shrugged: "it doesn't matter. Your father is so handsome. I'm willing to turn a blind eye." 

Young people: 

His face that deliberately made of publicity pride has long been gone, leaving anxiety: "I am my father's only son, you married can not only be a stepmother, I will not allow you to have children again, you will never have your own children in this life!" 

"What a coincidence 

Miss Zhao's face full of satisfaction: "I don't want to have children, how painful ah, marry your father, picked up your son so old in vain, I am too happy to do it." 

She looked at Tan Mingjin with a smile: "Mr. Tan, originally I was still hesitating, but now listening to this child, I really think it's a good thing for us to get married. It's better to set the wedding date today." 

Tan Mingjin could only see her smile in one eye, and naturally did not take her words seriously. She knew that she was deliberately trying to make it clear. The man looked up slightly, and stood looking at the table. His face was stubborn, and he looked up to miss Tam's foster son. 

The child is really going too far today. 

He nodded, "OK, next month." 

"No!!! I'm not allowed 

When Qing really blew up, almost roared with anger. 

Tan Mingjin felt that her patience had been exhausted. 

This child is too worried from childhood to adulthood. 

When he didn't hear it or look at it, he stood up and went out. 

The young man behind him was still angry and said: 

"I'm not sure you heard me!" 

"I won't allow you to get married!" 

"Tan Mingjin 

The man stopped, his face was full of frost, and suddenly turned around: "when do you want to make it..." 

His words stopped. 

Standing at the table, the young man was biting his lower lip, his body was shaking slightly, the tail of his eyes and the tip of his nose had already been dyed red, and he was very embarrassed to cry. 

Shiqing actually cried. 

Maybe he saw Tan Mingjin looking at himself. He suddenly lowered his head and wiped his tears with the back of his hand. 

Tan Mingjin has never seen such a fragile expression of Shi Qing. 

In his impression, Shi Qing is always naughty, rebellious and restless. 

But now, this child is like this, the nose is red, eye tail is also dyed red, stubborn and poor, standing there looking at him.He said, "Dad, don't get married, don't leave me." 

At this moment, Tan Mingjin's heart softened. 

Miss Zhao got up, took her bag and walked to the door naturally. Passing by Tan Mingjin, she said: 

"Mr. Tan, it seems that you have to coax your son first. Let's call it a day." 

"The child is a little loveless and will not accept a stepmother."




 Lack of love. 

Naturally, Tan Mingjin knew the meaning of the word, but he never thought that Qing Hui lacked love. 

After all, in his impression, most of the children were not easy to worry about from childhood. He began to bully his classmates in primary school, and still bullied his classmates in junior high school. When he got to university, he even learned to run to the entertainment industry to prescribe medicine to female stars. 

Tan Mingjin is a self-control and slightly conservative person, and Shi Qing's behavior is simply stepping on his thunder point and dancing. 

Or the pole dance. 

He had been very busy before. As a self-made rich generation, he had too many things to follow up and didn't get along with Shiqing much. 

At the beginning, Tan Mingjin would feel guilty and wonder if she should accompany the child more. But every time he asked to stay with him, he would be able to pull the face of the other side and mutter something like "if my uncle is here, my friends will be uncomfortable when they come". 

How can tan Mingjin stay after all of them are detested. 

The older he was, the more unfamiliar he was with the child. 

It seems that Shiqing doesn't need any care from him. What he needs is just that Tan Mingjin will pay money regularly every month to settle everything for him, so that he can have face among his friends. 

All his care for each other would be taken as meddling. 

Tan Mingjin almost can't remember the details of Shiqing from childhood to adulthood. She only remembers that he was loathed and superfluous, and that he had been called to school countless times to deal with the mess left by Qing. 

However, no matter what he did wrong, the child raised by him always stuck his neck and yelled at him: 

"grandma wants you to take care of me! Isn't it normal for you to do this? " 

But now, the child is still that stubborn appearance. Maybe he saw that Tan Mingjin had been looking at himself. He turned his face and wiped his eyes with the back of his hand to make sure that there was no tear left. Then he roared: 

"what are you looking at?" 

With a face full of ferocity, he kept the time clear. ] 

this is the first time that the system has heard this kind of words from the host and immediately panicked: [what's wrong with the host? Is the world difficult? ] 

Shi Qing: [it's not difficult to complete the task, but it's a little difficult to maintain the staffing while asking Tan Mingjin to change her outlook on me. ] 

after all, he is a man of the world. When facing Tan Mingjin, he has never been obedient. 

System: [ ] 

Why do you always feel that you can't keep up with the brain circuits of the host. 

Shi Qing: [here, open the mall. I want to pick a prop. ] 

the system is excited, even stuttering: 

[host of host)!!! Are you finally going to pick a prop!! Great, I'll open it for you!! ] 

except for the first world, it hasn't seen the main props for the night. 

After picking the props quickly, Shiqing lifted his chin happily: 

"you promised my grandmother would take care of me!" 

"Now you want to drive me out of the tan family and find a woman to have children. Is that how you take care of me?" 

Just like Tan Mingjin's soft words, Miss Zhao left, the young master restored the prototype. 

Even worse than before. 

The handsome man frowned, and his soft heart recovered. 

Sometimes he really doesn't understand Shiqing. 

How can this kid be so annoying. 

He felt that he really should have a good talk with Shi Qing. 

As she was free today and the place was just right, Tan Mingjin simply turned back and sat in her original position: 

"OK, you want me to take care of you, so I ask you, how can I take care of you?" 

The young man with a face full of ferocity was stunned by the question, but soon he was right and strong: "my father died for grandma Liu." 

Tan Mingjin's face was expressionless: "at that time, the people sitting on the bus were all dead. Your father did block for my mother, but even if not, he sat in that position, still could not leave his life." 

Seeing Shiqing choked by what he said, his face was full of defiance, and he wanted to argue and didn't know how to argue. The man took a deep breath and rubbed his eyebrows: 

"Shi Qing, no one owes you. At that time, even if I let you go to the orphanage, no one could say anything to me. I took you to my side and raised you up It's because of my friendship with your father. " 

"I don't owe you, even if I really owe you, I haven't had enough for 18 years? You blame me for being too strict with you, but even if you know something a little bit and know how to improve your study, don't always make trouble... " 

Before Tan Mingjin finished speaking, the youth had already snatched the words first. His clear and clear voice revealed his vicious words: 

"what's causing trouble? Don't you think I robbed your woman? That Cheng Yunling, I knew for a long time that you took a fancy to her. What kind of good thing do you think she is? She looks like a fox——Bang! 

Tan Mingjin took back her fist on the table, stood up slowly and looked at the young man who seemed to be frightened by him. The magnetic voice was cold and frightening: 

"I said, I have nothing to do with her." 

When Qing chuckles, disdain to lift chin: "it doesn't matter, you help her." 

"Anyone who sees that situation will help her. Shi Qing, you are too much this time." 

The young man soon recovered, disdaining: "what are you pretending to be blind? Every time her face is shown on TV, you watch it all the time. This time you scold me because you think I robbed your woman? Usually it sounds good and regards me as my own child. In fact, I'm not as good as a woman who comes out of nowhere 

It doesn't make sense. 

It doesn't make sense. 

Tan Mingjin itself is not a person who can get along with children, and he can't understand why there is no sense of shame at all. 

He caught a girl in such a mean way, but he was still able to be so reasonable and forceful. 

He took a deep breath and vomited it out again. It was more tiring to communicate with Shiqing than to work overtime for two days and a night. 

Forget it. We can't communicate. 

Tan Mingjin just flew back yesterday, and the jet lag didn't come back. She really had no energy and no mood to talk about it any more. 

He pinched his eyebrows and his voice was a little hoarse: 

"I know that a school in M state-owned is well managed. Since you are not well-off in China, I will arrange you to go abroad." 

"I'll send you abroad by next week." 

"I don't want it!" 

"You don't want to drive me away, I won't go!" 

Tan Mingjin's patience has been completely exhausted. He directly took out his mobile phone to call his secretary and said, "I'll send you a short message about the name of the university next Monday, and deal with it as soon as possible." 

"I said I don't want it!" 

The angry voice of the young man behind her, Tan Mingjin, when she did not hear it, turned her back to Shiqing and continued: "yes, there is no need to arrange accommodation. He lives directly in school." 

"Tan Mingjin 

"And..." 

"Hum, hum..." 

The thin weak cry sounded, full of helplessness and fear. 

Tan Mingjin is talking in a voice. 

Did Shiqing cry again? 

Crying so pathetic? 

That's what scares the kids. 

Secretary on the phone: "Mr. tan?" 

"That's all for the time being. Deal with it first." 

Tan Mingjin said briefly, hanging up the phone, while putting the phone back, while wringing eyebrows, a serious face turned: "no cry..." 

His words froze after seeing the scene in front of him. 

Shi Qingzheng was puzzled and looked at him defiantly: "who are you talking about! I'm not crying 

In the eyes of Tan Mingjin, the young man is sitting on his left shoulder with a slight weakness. 

as like as two peas, what is the same as clothes, hairstyles and looks, but the overall proportion is reduced to the size of the palm. 

His eyes are bursting with tears, and his delicate little hand wiped the corners of his eyes, and looked up carefully. His lovely face showed a little guilty. 

Tan Mingjin: 

He looked at Shiqing and then at villains. 

Look at the villain, and then look at Shiqing. 

The man stretched out his hand without expression and rubbed his eyes. 

"I'm talking to you! Why ignore me 

Because he didn't pay attention to himself, his face was full of anger and his tone was very bad. 

The villain on his shoulder also stood up in anger, staring at Tan Mingjin angrily. He stomped his feet and stuck it in his waist. With his bright red mouth, he developed a babbling voice. Although he could not understand, his tone seemed to be scolding him. 

Even if you rub your eyes, you can see the villain's Tan Mingjin 

Is it too much work pressure? 

He wrung his eyebrows and stepped forward, reaching directly to the villain. 

Obviously fell on the body of the villain, but as if touched the air, the man's slender big hand can only reach the nephew's shoulder. 

Soft, some thin and weak, not as hard as Shi Qing. 

Tan Mingjin can feel that, with his touch, the youth's whole body is frozen, he stares round eyes, as if Tan Mingjin is something frightening creature staring at him: "uncle, uncle, what are you doing?" 

Tan Mingjin saw his appearance of hiding behind, and was in a bad mood. He said in a deep voice, "what can I do?" 

Sure enough, Shi Qing rejected him. 

Is thinking, the man slightly droops the eye, the line of sight fell on that small person body. 

Qingzheng covers her white cheek with her two small hands. She jumps on her shoulder happily and laughs happily when she steps on her feet.When he put his hand down, Tan Mingjin found that when trumpet Qingqing's face had been completely red, a pair of beautiful and moist eyes seemed to be full of shyness, and looked at him with a little hope and opened his arms. 

This is You want him to hold him? 

The man went to see Shiqing again, because the little man's red face, subconsciously also looked at the face of Shiqing. 

Actually also red, although only a thin layer, do not pay attention to simply can not see. 

He looked at the red earlobe of the villain, and then went to see Shi Qing. 

As expected, it is also popular. 

Tan Mingjin hesitated do not know how to do, where does this villain come from? Why and when Qing looks the same, and why suddenly appear, how never seen before, a series of problems full of his brain, make him always stand to wriggle eyebrows. 

"I don't know why!" 

The young man seemed to shake off his uncle's hand and snorted coldly: "anyway, I will not go abroad. I decided to Ah 

He tripped and fell straight to the ground. 

Tan Mingjin subconsciously turns around and finds that shiqingzheng is twisting her eyebrows and looking at her right ankle. In the end, she is her own child. She puts aside her other thoughts for a while, and reaches forward to help her up, but she turns around and dodges. 

"I can do it myself." 

Maybe she didn't want to let Tan Mingjin look down on her. The young man raised her face, and her beautiful face was full of disdain: 

"what are you looking at? Do you think I will cry like a little fart child?" 

Tan Mingjin: 

He cleared his shoulders as he looked. 

Hour Qingzheng sat on his shoulder with his little fat feet in his arms, whirring while blowing. A lovely white face was soaked with tears within seconds. 

While crying, Xiaoqing took time to open her arms to tan Mingjin, her red eyes were pathetic, and she begged for hugs. 

Tan Mingjin: 

The man looks at the hard standing up with the time, the earlobe that has not faded red, and with the action of standing up and pain to frown, the eyes are not aware of the red details. 

A bold guess arose in his mind. 

The hour Qing sitting on the shoulder of Shiqing represents the real thought of Shiqing's heart?





 When Qing hard to support the wall to change to stand up, during this period eyebrows have been tightly wrinkled, as if very impatient. 

"Hum, hum..." 

On the shoulder of the hour Qing but cry more loud, his voice is small and weak, revealing a share of pity, a sound of a sob, when Qing every move, his choking sound is increased. 

Pathetic. It seems that I have been wronged. 

Tan Mingjin really can't listen to it. She takes a step forward and holds Shi Qing. Regardless of his struggle after a second of immobilization, she forcibly holds people to the sofa. 

"What are you doing? Let me go!" 

By the youth very does not cooperate to throw away the hand, Tan Mingjin's heart rises a anger. 

Anyone who is kind enough to help will get angry. 

But as soon as his face was cold, he could see that he was not crying when he was young. The little hand on his left rubbed his eyes, and the small hand on the right opened to him for a hug. 

The anger in the man's heart was extinguished by this gesture. 

When he went to see Shi Qing again, he saw that the rebellious young man's ear tip turned red again. Although he turned away from his face, he did not want to look at him with disdain, but his eyes and eyes were drifting carefully. 

Tan Mingjin was silent for a few seconds. She knelt on one knee and half in front of the sofa, stretched out her hand, and landed on the delicate ankle of the youth precisely. 

"Do what you do, what you do!" 

The ankles of his men suddenly froze, and from above came the voice of the young man's exasperation. 

Tan Mingjin raised her eyes and looked at the hour Qingzheng covering her red half face. There were tears in her eyes, but she didn't cry any more. Instead, she buried her face in her small hands with a strong sense of shyness. 

Tan Mingjin looked at his shyness to no avail. His eyes softened a little. He held out his other hand, long and big, and cleared his ankle with one hand. The other hand was slowly and gently forced. 

"What are you doing, don't you hear me Hiss 

Listening to the pain of the youth above, the half kneeling man raised his eyes slightly and asked in a deep voice, "does it hurt here?" 

"Where do I need you to Ah, ah, ah, ah, it hurts 

Tan Mingjin dropped the hand that fell on the other side's pain to another place. While listening to Shi Qing's painful cry, while listening to the hour Qing sitting on his shoulder, he was crying again and said: 

"OK, you're OK, just a cold compress." 

As soon as his conclusion was drawn, the hour was clear, and the hour was not howling. 

Tan Mingjin this just carefully when Qing's ankle put down, stood up. 

Before the Qing Dynasty did not pay attention to, Tan Mingjin is very tall, before half kneeling, now suddenly stand up, the body that bullying momentum immediately showed. 

It's fascinating. 

He shut up and didn't speak. He just looked at Tan Mingjin as if he had been scared. 

as like as two peas in Tan Mingjin's eyes, the same person looks like the owner at the moment. He looks at himself with the same expression and looks at himself with a silly face. 

This scene inexplicably makes Tan Mingjin want to laugh. 

He asked Shi Qing, "what do you think I do?" 

The young man didn't respond to him for a few seconds. When he realized what his uncle was asking, he looked at Tan Mingjin hesitantly for several times, and then he asked: 

"you can't tell. My foot still hurts. I'd better go to the hospital." 

"Don't worry." 

Tan Mingjin rarely can hear, when Qing speaks with him in a normal tone, and her tone is slightly soft. 

"Just now it hurts. I'll have a good sleep today and I'll be fine tomorrow. If you don't believe it, you can get up and take two steps." 

The young man looked at him in disbelief, and slowly stood up with the sofa. 

The shoulder of the hour Qing is also careful, a look to tan Mingjin, as if to find from his face the evidence of "no pain". 

The young man's feet fell to the ground and walked two steps tentatively. As expected, the pain did not hurt. His face first showed his ease, and his smile did not bloom. When he turned his eyes, he saw Tan Mingjin beside him and immediately stopped laughing. 

Tan Mingjin: "how about it? Is it not painful? " 

"Blind cat meets dead mouse," he said 

The little man on his shoulder was very happy. He sat down with his little hand and looked at him. He looked up and looked up at Tan Mingjin. His lovely face was full of adoration and yearning. 

The child 

Tan Mingjin was adored by the hour Qing line of sight in the heart of a soft, the smile of the corner of the lip also bigger. 

He even patted Shiqing on the shoulder (a little distance away from the hour) and said with a little smile: 

"you child, you don't understand these normal things. When you were not born, every time your father was injured, I came to deal with it. I have rich experience." 

Tan Mingjin said, looking at the tall and handsome young man in front of her, she sighed a little more:"In a flash, you're so big." 

Maybe it's all too magical to see today, and Tan Mingjin's weird heart calms down. 

He believes that now is the best time to talk to each other. 

The man tries to make his face as pleasant as possible, and decides to say a good word or two first: 

"I know that you are too old. It's normal for young people to want a girlfriend. My uncle doesn't want you to fall in love. As long as you chase girls with proper means, I won't say much if you bring them to me." 

Imagine, a parent, talking to a child who has just had a relationship with a man and a woman; you can fall in love, I don't care about you. 

The child's reaction must have been very happy. 

Tan Mingjin was preparing to continue to speak while Qingqing was happy, when she heard the young man coldly reply: 

"Oh." 

Tan Mingjin: 

As he watched, the expression on his face was cold at the speed visible to the naked eye, and even a little angry. 

This kid, what happened. 

It wasn't good just now. 

Shi Qing's tone was hard: "I'm going to the set this afternoon to see people filming. I'll go first. Goodbye, uncle." 

With that, the young man strode past Tan Mingjin with a cold face. When he passed by, the hour on his shoulder was still full of anger, and he clenched his fist at Tan Mingjin and said "hum!" There was a sound. 

This time it was louder than when I was crying. 

Tan Mingjin: 

The handsome, very young looking parents stood there for a few seconds without thinking about it. 

Good end, when Qing how suddenly changed face. 

Even Xiaoqing on his shoulder changed his face. 

This is really 

The man was tired and puzzled and rubbed his eyebrows. 

When I was young, I could feel his face clearly. 

The sudden change of face really made him a little bit unresponsive. 

Tan Mingjin is entangled in thinking about what is going on, suddenly fell in the center of the white slender hand a stiff. 

No, why does he want to think about it. 

He should see an eye doctor now. 

Thinking, the man put down his hand without expression. 

Maybe the psychiatry department should take a look. 

At the time of "seeing a doctor" in Tan Mingjin hospital, Shi Qing had already arrived on the set. 

He looked down at his watch. Seeing that there was enough time, he was not in a hurry again. 

Shiqing is very special on the set. 

It's something special that you can see at a glance. 

After all, he is neither a staff member nor an actor. If he really wants to say something, he is at most an investor. 

But it is such a young master who should not appear in the crew, but he is particularly justifiable to wander around in the crew. 

He even called people to buy milk tea and invite the whole crew to drink it. 

It's rich and boring. 

On the surface of the crew, they thank each other less, but behind their backs they all beep. 

"What is he doing here?" 

"It seems that I have a crush on Mr. Cheng Yunling. I'm catching up with him recently." 

"Tut Tut, scum man, he was chasing Susan last time." 

"Shhh, you should be quiet. When you are short of temper, you have enough background. If you let him hear it, be careful that he will punish you." 

When Qing was holding a fruit juice to drink, he saw that there were several staff members gathered together not far away, whistling. 

It must be speaking ill of me. ] 

the system is dedicated to running out: [the original owner had a bad temper before, and many people didn't like him. ] 

this is also normal. 

Shiqing was not a member of their crew, nor an artist. Somehow, he ran over to be a master. When he was upset, he immediately turned his face. Who could look at him. 

Shiqing didn't take it seriously. He was drinking. He saw Cheng Yunling coming in from the door, followed by an assistant. 

Seeing him, both of them have a ghost expression. 

When the young master threw the juice into the garbage can and walked over with his eyebrows. 

Cheng Yunling face is white, subconsciously back, when Qing even dare to do medicine, she is afraid. 

The assistant is a face like an enemy, the hen protects the chick as carefully as she protects her behind her. 

"It's OK. Don't be afraid. It's public. He doesn't dare to do anything to you." 

Cheng Yunling nodded with a white face. 

Under the sight of a little panic, Shi Qing finally came to them. 

He raised his chin slightly. "Did you eat it?" 

The two men who were nervous about preparing for the enemy were as follows: 

Seeing that they didn't answer, he gave a little Tut and turned his lips uninteresting. "Cheng Yunling, what are you hiding? Come out and I'll tell you something."Cheng Yunling; " 

It's stupid to go out. 

When he didn't come out, he shrugged and said, "OK, I'll tell you that yesterday's medicine was not really under my control." 

Cheng Yunling was silent. 

"Do you believe me?" asked the young man, who was also quite good-looking 

Cheng Yunling wanted to say I didn't believe it, but she didn't dare, so she could only fight with silence. 

When Qing and her four eyes opposite, she tensely pursed her lips, breathing a little dare not, but there is a stubborn heart. 

Even if Shi Qing puts pressure on her like this, she will never speak. 

Three seconds later, when she was staring at her, she raised her eyebrows and said, "you just trust me." 

Cheng Yunling: 

Cheng Yunling: "when will I..." 

Shi Qing: "you wait, I'll make a call." 

She watched as the eldest young master said to himself and took out his mobile phone: "Hello, uncle, I've come to meet Cheng Yunling. She also believes that I didn't prescribe medicine. Yes, my eyes are very sincere." 

"Medicine, am I such a dirty man?" 

Hang up the phone, the eldest young master put the mobile phone back, yawned, and looked at Cheng Yunling with a straight face: "you see, it would have been better if you had admitted to believe me." 

Cheng Yunling: 

She didn't resist: "when did I admit that I believe you, that medicine is clearly you..." 

"Ah..." 

"The weather is good, I go to the reclining chair to have a rest." 

He waved to Cheng Yunling. 

"Thank you for believing me."





 Cheng Yunling is about to be angry with Shi Qing's attitude. 

But the eldest young master is thick skinned. Even if she wants to stare out her eyes, Shiqing is still unaffected. She lies on the couch, not knowing how carefree she is. 

Cheng Yun is very smart. 

How could this man be so cheeky? He did it clearly, and he was so righteous. 

Assistant advised her: "bear with it, he has background, and you told me that his uncle promised not to let him do anything to you again?" 

Speaking of this matter, Cheng Yunling can be regarded as Qi Shun. 

Yes! 

That's right! 

What is she afraid of? When Mr. Tan is around, is it not because he is Mr. Tan's nephew? 

Mr. Tan has spoken. What else does he dare to do? 

Although, Cheng Yunling is still a little afraid of what Shiqing will do to her. Even if Mr. Tan punishes Shi Qing later, the damage has also been caused. 

Think about if you were caught up by Shi Qing last night 

Cheng Yunling hit a thrill, she took a deep breath: "Sister Zhang, help me to prepare the makeup remover." 

Although she has a good foundation, there is a big difference between make-up and no make-up. Moreover, she shaved her eyebrows in order to shoot the play. Once she removed her makeup, she didn't have eyebrows at all, so she didn't believe that Qing could still go down her mouth. 

Just then, a beautiful woman came to her face. Seeing her, she gave a warm smile: "is Yunling coming? I asked you for breakfast in the morning. Why didn't you go there 

See her, Cheng Yunling heart is a block. 

This person and she are in the same period, the relationship between the two has always been good, in the media has always said that the other side is their friends. 

As a result, such a person who she thought was a friend took her to Shiqing's appointment when he knew she hated him. 

When she found that she was drugged and frantically looking for "friends" to save her life, she found that she had already left. 

At that time, if Tan Mingjin did not happen to meet her, she would be finished. 

Cheng Yunling also wanted to make it clear when she went back that Zheng Xuexue was intentional. She asked her agent and confirmed that Zheng Xuexue had finalized an advertising spokesman. The company behind the advertisement was under the name of tan. 

Now there is nothing I don't understand. 

She was sold by Zheng Xuexue. 

But yesterday only sold her Zheng Xuexue, today actually can with such a what has not happened appearance and her to talk. 

Cheng Yunling knows that she can't show her anger. Although this is the crew, there are many people taking photos and videos. If she shows any unfriendly look towards Zheng Xuexue and is recorded and posted on the Internet, she will be playing a big game. 

So, she also brought a smile: "I have something to do in the morning." 

"Oh, what can I do for you?" Zheng Xuexue took Cheng Yunling's arm with a smile. There was a faint jealousy in his eyes: "it's said that Mr. Tan liked you very much last night. I really envy you. Yunling, I like you more or less. Even Mr. Tan is interested in you." 

How can such a good thing not come to her. 

Cheng Yunling laughed: "don't get me wrong. Mr. tan just helped me out. By the way, why did you leave suddenly last night? I can't find you anywhere. " 

"Isn't it about you and the time, the big and the young?" 

The smile on Cheng Yunling's face almost didn't last. If it wasn't for the public 

She managed to squeeze out a smile: "I don't like the world of harmony, big and little, you like it, next time you go by yourself." 

With that, she gently took Zheng Xuexue's hand from her arm and tried to bear the full heart of the sleeping trough, turned and left with the assistant. 

Zheng Xuexue still has a smile on her face, but her eyes are full of jealousy. 

If she can let Shi Da Shao like her, where still use Cheng Yunling. 

Cheng Yunling is the only one. He is stupid. He doesn't want the rich second generation who comes to the door. 

Why is this woman so lucky. 

I like her less, and Mr. Tan helps her. 

When she turned her face, she leaned back on the reclining chair with a straw and drank juice. Zheng Xuexue's eyes brightened. 

She knows what happened last night, and she knows that Shi Dashao seems very angry when she leaves last night. If she goes to say something to Shi Dashao 

Cheng Yunling had just passed by. When she turned her head, she saw Zheng Xuexue rushing towards Shiqing. She just recalled her fear and despair when she was drugged. She also spoke with a bit of anger: "I don't know what kind of ghost thing I'm planning." 

Assistant also frowned and looked at the past: "don't worry, from now on, I will follow you 24 hours." 

But she was also a little worried. When she knew what they were going to do, she thought for a moment and said, "I'll turn to the side behind them to see if I can hear what they say. If it's really about you, I'll take precautions." 

As for the recording of what, even if it is a big thing, it is not good for Cheng Yunling, who is in the rising period of his career. 

Shi Qing is listening to Zheng Xuexue.To tell you the truth, Zheng Xuexue's voice is very good, and she was once praised as a sweet goddess by fans. However, she is not very famous. Otherwise, she would not sell out her friends and use underhand means to win advertisements. 

"It's time. I heard about last night. Don't be angry. This time, there will be another time." 

When Qing drank a straw, did not look at Zheng Xuexue: "well." 

"In fact, Yunling is not so hard to catch up with. I heard about an advertiser and her before..." 

She said it deliberately, and waited to ask her. 

As a result, when lying on the reclining chair, his eyes were still empty, and he perfunctorily replied, "well." 

Zheng Xuexue, who is full of waiting, chokes when she asks her "the love and hatred between advertisers and Cheng Yunling". 

She looked at Shi Qing carefully and said in a low voice, "Shi Shao, Mr. Tan, is he interested in Cheng Yunling?" 

The young man who had been lying on the salted fish suddenly got up, and his handsome face was full of anger: 

"what do you say?!" 

At last, it's the thunder point! 

Zheng Xuexue was happy in her heart and continued to give Cheng Yunling eye drops: 

"as you know, Yunling's temperament is like this and she is more open-minded. Although Mr. Tan is the chairman of Tan's family, he has never interfered in the affairs of the circle before. How could he be so clever as to help Yunling? And in fact, I didn't leave. Mr. Tan looked at Cheng Yunling's eyes, tut tut. " 

She looked at Shi Qing's face more and more black with satisfaction. She was elated in her heart and continued to add fuel: "if I remember correctly, Mr. Tan is your uncle. If Yunling is with your uncle..." 

The young man sneered: "she won't be with my uncle." 

He suddenly stood up and took out his mobile phone: "Hello, it's me. I have something to look for you..." 

Seeing when the Qing aggressive side of the phone to go out, Zheng Xuexue heart more and more proud. 

I really hope that when this woman is robbed, she will deal with Cheng Yunling well. 

She didn't think that Shi Qing would swallow it. After all, Shi Qing had a bad reputation and was the most stingy one. 

Shi Qing will teach Cheng Yunling a lesson. 

Cheng Yunling also thinks so. 

After listening to the assistant who overheard the conversation, she had only two words left in her mind: over. 

Shi Qing's reputation has always been bad. This time, she has not been put to death. 

She was nervous for nearly half an hour. 

Half an hour later, several young men came in with boxes of delicious cakes. 

"We are hard-working. We should not invite you to eat cakes." 

Cheng Yunling looks at those cakes with horror, and always feels that there is a big conspiracy hidden in it. 

The sweetness of the cake wafted, but she had no appetite. She was only full of how to refuse for a while. 

Finally, Shi Qing strode forward. 

There was a sneer on the corner of his lips, which was called a good-looking eye, and his eyes were full of malice. 

He came to Cheng Yunling. 

Cheng Yunling swallows a mouthful of saliva nervously. 

What to do, how to do, how to refuse, or to lose weight, yes, to lose weight. 

Thinking of the reason for her refusal, she opened her mouth and said, "I..." 

"What are you looking at?" 

When big little sneers and raises chin: "they all can eat, you cannot." 

Cheng Yunling, who was full of things added to the cake in his head, said: 

She specially came to see Zheng Xuexue who was very busy 

When big little but don't go to see their petrified appearance at all, it is a sneer again, face behind the back way: "send in." 

One by one, the roasted duck was carried in with a shelf, and the hot pot with the table attached to it came in. 

It's still mandarin duck pot. 

For a moment, the crew was filled with the aroma of food. 

Standing in front of Cheng Yunling, the handsome young master lifted his chin with pride and pride on his face. He pointed to the food as if he were pointing to a large area of rivers and mountains; 

"these." 

The big young master's lips raised a smile cruel and rampant: "you can't eat." 

Cheng Yunling: 

Zheng Xuexue: 

Assistant: 

When Shida Shao looked up and left as if he had won the battle, Cheng Yunling recovered from the shock. She turned her head to the assistant: "Sister Zhang, Shi Qing just Is revenge on me 

Assistant: Should it be? " 

Cheng Yunling: 

What's up, kindergarten kids? 

This revenge is too boring. 

It's weird to be useful. 

As Cheng Yunling thought, he could not help rubbing his stomach, which sent out the signal of "I am hungry". He smelled the food smell in the air, and his mouth was filled with saliva. 

Well, it's still usefulDuring the filming period, takeout is not allowed in, and there is no food around, so it is unrealistic for assistants to buy. 

Cheng Yunling did not have the ability to clear the money. He could only smell the smell of the air and eat fried rice made by the master of the production team. 

Clearly at the bottom of my heart, when I feel naive, why can I have a good feeling of sadness. 

It's hard to get through her part. After shooting, she can go out and look for food. Cheng Yunling can't wait. 

As a result, as soon as she tied up Weiya, the eldest young master came again. 

"Is this all right? What should I do if such a thin rope falls off? " 

Destroyed by the smell of food for several hours, Cheng Yunling has no expression. 

Shi Qing: "what expression are you looking at? Can't you see that I care about you? I don't know gratitude at all. " 

Cheng Yunling: neuropathy. 

The rope was slightly suspended. Her feet were off the ground, and almost the whole person was half a body higher than the people on the ground. She looked down at the young master who was sticking his waist to the humanity beside him: "how could the rope she was hanging be broken?" 

As he spoke, he reached out his paw: 

"I think I can just pull her around Ah, the trough 

The rope on Weiya was about to break, but when Shiqing pulled it, it couldn't bear the gravity and broke suddenly. 

Cheng Yunling fell directly on the youth. 

Her heart pounded with fear and turned to look at the broken rope. 

If it wasn't for the time when Qing pulled, the rope would break after she went up 

Cheng Yunling: "my God..." 

Then she heard the young master who was pressed down by her also said: 

"my God Why are you so fat, come down quickly 

Tan Mingjin's face was white when she arrived at the news. 

Shiqing himself is a child. To catch an adult who fell from the air because of Weiya fracture, it has to bear multiple huge pressures. 

Even if the crew repeatedly assured him that it was ok, he was still worried. 

When he came in a hurry, the young man was looking at him with disgust on his face. Since he knew that the rope had been cut by man, he was shaking with white face and racking his brains to think who wanted her to die. 

If it was not time for Qing's hands to pull, then her life would be gone. 

Although she hated him before, she was saved by him. How could Cheng Yunling not be grateful? She raised her head and sincerely looked at the youth in front of her: "I'm really grateful for my time." 

A slender and beautiful white finger was against her arm. Cheng Yunling looked up blankly along the finger. When she met her, she was disgusted: 

"you talk, stay away from me." 

Cheng Yunling: 

What's the matter with his face full of dislike? Before that, he wanted to pursue her! 

She could only move her body and try to sit on the other side: "little time, I really want to thank you, I..." 

The assistant came in: "little time, Yunling, Mr. Tan is here." 

Cheng Yunling nodded: "we know..." 

Whoosh! 

The young man who just wanted to be eight feet away from her quickly sat down beside her, and his hand fell naturally on her shoulder: 

"let my uncle come in." 

Cheng Yunling: 

When she turned her face to look at it, she saw the young man straightening his chest and raising his head. She looked like a pupil who saw his teacher seriously. 

But his hand, which seemed to fall on his shoulder, was separated by a layer of air. 

What is this doing? 

The beautiful girl looked at the young man with her hand on her shoulder. She looked like a beautiful woman in her arms. This is what Tan Mingjin saw. 

What a beautiful picture of Lang's affection and concubine's idea. 

If I had not seen him standing on his shoulder, a pair of disgust to death, white tender face full of rejection, separated from the next door to Cheng Yunling, bah, bah, spit, there is no saliva of the hour Qing. 

Tan Mingjin believed it.





 It's embarrassing. 

At least that's what Tan Mingjin thinks. 

The three sat at the table, Shi Qing and Cheng Yunling sat together, and Tan Mingjin sat opposite them. 

He watched the young man's hand fall on Cheng Yunling's shoulder. He looked very emotional. 

"Uncle, don't worry. We're OK." 

Said, when Qing turned his face, affectionately looked at the girl sitting next to him: "Yunling just got a little scared, I'm with her, she's much better." 

Cheng Yunling is silent for a few seconds. Her professionalism and gratitude for saving her dog's life made her react quickly. 

After half a day's work, Cheng Yunling has roughly believed that it is not time to prescribe the medicine. 

After all, his disdainful eyes and actions were not deceptive. 

But now this pair seems to like her very much, this is called fake. 

Although I don't know why Shiqing wanted to do this, she immediately looked back with double affection when she thought of saving lives. 

She's good at acting. 

"Yes, I'm fine." 

Standing on the shoulder of the hour Qing: 

He was stunned for two seconds before he realized that Bai Nen's face was more disgusted, and his harder little hand stuck in his waist toward Cheng Yunling: 

"bah, bah!" 

Tan Mingjin: 

He looked at houqing with some Entanglement: "if you are OK, Shiqing, you and Miss Cheng..." 

Shi Qing immediately said, "Yunling and I are very good." 

Houqing: "bah, bah, bah!" 

Shi Qing: "I came to visit today and bought her delicious food." 

Houqing: "bah, bah, bah!" 

Shi Qing continued to look at Cheng Yunling with affection. "Fortunately, I'm here. Otherwise, if something happens to you, what can I do?" 

Cheng Yunling: 

This line, idol drama is not so numb. 

But if you think about it, you have a life-saving benefactor in front of you, acting and helping others (although she doesn't know what it is). 

She tried to smile on her face and said to the youth, "yes, it's good that you came. Thanks to you." 

Hour Qing: 

Houqing: "bah, bah Oh 

When Qing finished, he lifted his chin with a little reserved and looked at Tan Mingjin: "uncle, why don't you talk?" 

Looking at the little girl who kept retching, Tan Mingjin, who was disgusted to suffocate, said:.... " 

If she had not just come out from the hospital to make sure that her mental condition and eyes were OK, the hour she saw in her eyes was very clear and vivid, Tan Mingjin would have doubted whether she was still dreaming. 

But that's the problem. 

He didn't dream. What he saw was real. 

Tan Mingjin can start from scratch and struggle to this point. Naturally, she is not a person who can't hold her breath. After analyzing the current situation in her heart quickly, she doesn't show any clue on his face. Naturally, she says with a smile: 

"sorry, miss Cheng, I want to stay with the time list for a while." 

"Oh, yes." 

Cheng Yunling just stood up, one side of the youth also stood up: "I send you off." 

Said, he twisted his face to look at Tan Mingjin, full of open smile: "uncle, I send Yunling, you won't mind?" 

Tan Mingjin looked at the hour Qing, who was trying hard to fight against Cheng Yunling 

He smiles: "don't mind." 

Until two people go out, Tan Mingjin picked up the coffee on the table, slowly, slowly took a sip. 

Outside, the young man, who has been keeping "intimate action" with Cheng Yunling, leaves the door and opens his hands. He is eight feet away from Cheng Yunling. 

Cheng Yunling: Why are you doing this 

Shi Qing felt as if he was stained with something dirty on his body. He took time to reply to Cheng Yunling: 

"today, I saved you. You remember that I have saved your life. You have to repay me." 

Cheng Yunling's heart, which had been slightly relaxed because of his evasion, was suddenly raised. 

Did she guess wrong? 

Shi Qing plans to reward her with kindness and make her agree with others?? 

She was thinking about how to refuse, when she heard the young man in front of her that was full of lofty orders: 

"when you see my uncle, stay away from me." 

Cheng Yunling: Huh 

Shi Qing: "ha what ha, didn't you hear what I said? You don't think my uncle likes you. If it wasn't for me, would you think he would talk to you? " 

Cheng Yunling: Ah? " 

When the cold hum: "in short, you don't have wishful thinking, my uncle just don't look up to you." 

"And even if you like it, it's useless. Now in my uncle's eyes, you're the woman I like. He pays attention to this most. You're out of the game. Even if you're interested in him, he will certainly stay away from you."Cheng Yunling: Oh. " 

She forbeared and forbeared, but she still didn't: "dare to ask, you Did you chase me just to let your uncle avoid me because of you? " 

The young man looked up and down at the girl in front of him and disdained to snort: "otherwise?" 

"Just like you, you're just like that. If you want a chest but no chest, and if you want an ass, how much can I look up to you? I laugh at you to death. " 

Cheng Yunling: 

She took a deep breath and spit it out. 

"What about the medicine..." 

"I told you it wasn't me." 

When Qingleng hissed, it was a lot of up and down, disdain two words were written on the face: "you? Let me give you the medicine? I think it's me who should worry about being drugged. " 

Cheng Yunling: 

Cheng Yunling: "then you are still chasing me." 

The young man's face was full of Justice: "why do I chase you if you don't run? I went to the bathroom and you ran away when I came back. Who knows if you have done something wrong, of course I will pursue you. " 

Cheng Yunling: 

So, she was scared like that, and the truth turned out to be oolong?? 

Ding! Cheng Yunling's rejection rate: 80] 

however, she did not doubt the authenticity of her Qinghua. 

After all, his words are full of disgust, which is about to overflow. 

However, his view on Shi Qing changed from "pursuing the shameless rich second generation who did not achieve medicine" to "not liking her but chasing her, just to let uncle avoid her primary school chicken". 

Is this a bit of a big change. 

And most importantly 

Say who has no chest and no buttocks!! 

When Cheng Yunling came back after the delivery of Cheng Yunling, Tan Mingjin was looking at something with his mobile phone. Seeing him come in, the man naturally put his mobile phone on the table. 

"What are you doing?" 

The youth seems to be very casual to ask a question, Tan Mingjin raised his eyes, one eye with a smile, obviously in Cheng Yunling this outsider left, he showed the real himself: "you are very curious?" 

"Well, there's nothing curious about it." 

Shi Qing said and sat down, a pair of "I'm not curious at all, just ask casually" look: 

"is to see you see me come in do not look at the mobile phone, ask." 

Tan Mingjin's smile deepened in her eyes. 

He looked at the little man on his shoulder. 

Hours of pure eyes pad toes, stretch thin white neck, trying hard to skim the mobile phone on the table, a pair of water moistening eyes is simply full of curiosity. 

Tan Mingjin takes a look at the cup in her hand and slowly stirs the coffee in the cup with a spoon. It seems that she is not curious, but she is more and more revealing. She reaches out her long hand and puts her mobile phone in her pocket. 

Houqing was in a hurry. 

Yiyiya's face is not happy. She puffs up her small face and stares at Tan Mingjin angrily. 

He didn't seem to be able to speak, so no matter how angry he was, he could only stamp his feet while babbling. Looking at that, he flew forward and grabbed Tan Mingjin's mobile phone. 

Tan Mingjin went to see Shiqing again. The young man didn't show anything on his face. His eyes also kept staring at the cup in his hand. However, the hand holding the spoon turned faster and faster. The spoon stirred in the cup was just about to come out. 

This child is really 

Since this villain appeared, it seems that the estrangement between Tan Mingjin and Shiqing is no longer a problem. Even if Shiqing is not willing to show his true self in front of him, houqing will not hide it. 

Aware of their own awakening "how to raise children" talent, Tan Mingjin heart a song, simply put out the mobile phone, handed to time Qing. 

"If you want to see it, look for yourself." 

The young man put down the spoon and said, "who wants to see it? Why should I look at your mobile phone?" 

One hand took over the mobile phone naturally and ordered it a few times. She found that Tan Mingjin was just chatting with people about her work, and her expression became more and more sarcastic: 

"hiss, work, work, work, I know." 

"Hoo!" 

On the shoulder of the hour Qing but heavily relaxed, as if to unload a big worry, contented to sit down, shaking two small jiojio, and began to reach out to tan Mingjin babbling for embrace. 

It's not the way he used to be angry. 

This little guy is really the embodiment of Shiqing's ideas. Like Shi Qing, he changes his face faster than anyone else. 

Tan Mingjin: "who do you think I was talking to just now?" 

Shiqing leaned back and curled his lips: "who else can it be? The little aunt you found me? People don't dislike you with a grease bottle and are willing not to have children. She is still a young lady. She looks good, and I don't know how well she matches you." 

This, listen to Yin Yang strange gas, if before Tan Mingjin heard, certainly want to twist eyebrows, feel when Qing attitude strange white eyed wolf.But now 

Tan Mingjin looks at the villain sitting on the shoulder of the youth. 

When I was young, I didn't want to shake my feet, and I didn't want to hug her. Instead, she lowered her head and stretched out her small hand to rub her eyes. Her eyes were red and her nose was red. She looked up to see Tan Mingjin. From time to time, she also made several choking sobs, which was pathetic. 

A man's heart softened. 

Is this child so afraid of his family? 

When he thought of the surveillance that he had just transferred out of his sight, he immediately drew a line with Cheng Yunling as soon as he left his line of sight. That look of disgust did not really look like a fake. 

But since you don't like it, why do you want to look after each other. 

Tan Mingjin finally remembered what Shi Qing had been saying to him. 

Does Shi Qing think he has something to do with Cheng Yunling? 

He was afraid that his uncle would set up his own family, so he tried to keep Cheng Yunling away from his uncle in that way. 

Tan Mingjin's face was still, but she thought very clearly. 

For the first time, he felt that he had been neglected for more than ten years. 

The man stood up and came to him under the double tense look of Shiqing and houqing. 

Tan Mingjin sighed and hugged the young man who was only a head shorter than himself. 

Shi Qing was always sharp and prickly, but when he was in his arms, he was still soft. The man's slender big hand gently fell on his back and patted with comfort. 

"Shiqing, my uncle is not married." 

He held the body stiff, then quickly softened down, and then the youth stammered: "really, really? You're not lying to me, are you? " 

Tan Mingjin heart more and more soft, slowly released the young man in his arms, and his four eyes relative, affirmative nod: "really." 

"Don't worry." 

He looked at him with a smile and was surprised. He ran around on his shoulder happily. He was so excited that his little face turned red and his eyes took a trace of softness. 

"I did not do well before." 

"Uncle promised that he would treat you like a father in the future. Your position in my heart is equal to my own child." 

Happy running, ah ah ah, surprise, scream of the hour is dead. 

He turned his head hard, a small white face up, full of unbelievable looking at Tan Mingjin, eyes watery, tears gradually condensed. 

Tan Mingjin: 

Hour Qing wronged Baba's mouth. 

Wow, I burst into tears. 

While crying, he pinched a small fist and waved it towards Tan Mingjin, but he couldn't reach it. The more he couldn't reach it, the more angry he was, the more he waved. 

Within five seconds, his crying body was pumping. 

It's all like this. I still don't forget to choke and stretch my neck. While sobbing, I hold my small fist at Tan Mingjin: 

"bah!" 

Tan Mingjin: 

Are children so hard to understand now?





 Tan Mingjin's ear is the cry of the hour Qing, the key is that this little thing whining, while still not forgetting to pinch his small fist ferociously at him. 

Although he knew that the little guy couldn't spit out any saliva, he was so angry that he even made the whole small face blush. But Tan Mingjin couldn't help but feel a little guilty. 

But soon, the man responded, he is guilty of what, just he said, he did things, are not quite normal? 

Shiqing's normal reaction should be moved to be unable to do it. 

It's also because Tan Mingjin's heart is strong, and he doesn't doubt himself because of the aggrieved appearance of houqing. He steadies his mind and looks at Shi Qing again. As expected, he sees some grievances and anger on the white face of the youth. 

Tan Mingjin tried to make herself forget the background sound of Qingqing, but she looked at Shiqing seriously, and the magnetic voice sank slightly: "how do you look like this? Don't you feel happy when your uncle says you will be regarded as your own child? " 

Hour clear cry a meal, then decadent low small head, to the shoulder above a sit. 

He didn't cry out loud, but the little sobbing could not be stopped. He was already pitiful enough when he was crying. Now he deliberately lowered his voice. He was small and weak, and his poor appearance was just like that Tan Mingjin abused him. 

Tan Mingjin: 

He had to start to wonder if his attitude was a little too fierce, otherwise he would not have been so clear. 

Don't say the hour clear, even when Qing has become as if powerless up, quite a bit dejected looked at Tan Mingjin, whispered: "I am not unhappy." 

He also said that he had to write "I'm not happy, super unhappy" on his face. The reason why he didn't add "very, very unhappy" was because his face was too small to put it down. 

Tan Mingjin was patient: "really not?" 

Shi Qing didn't even want to see him this time. He just hung his head like this: "well." 

The man took a look and sat on his shoulder, already with red eyes, angry enough to lie down on his shoulder and start rolling. 

That pair of small appearance of splashing and playing tricks can really let Tan Mingjin find out a little bit of the shadow of Qing when she was a child from her memory. 

I still remember that when she was a child, she was a bully. Tan Mingjin was busy with her work. When she went out in the morning, she didn't get up. When she came back, she had already fallen asleep early. Obviously, they lived under the same roof, but they didn't have much time to meet. 

But sometimes it happens. For example, Shiqing wants a new toy, or he wants to make a small request. At this time, the little guy will stay on the stairs and wait for his uncle to go home without sleeping. 

When Tan Mingjin came back, and before he took off his fatigue, he ushered in a small artillery battle, pestering him to ask for new toys. If he didn't give it, he would skillfully go to the ground. He would roll around crying and cry that if he didn't buy it, he would not get up. 

Because of this, Tan Mingjin once regretted that in order to let Shiqing receive good care, she specially found a nanny who needed long-term money from the countryside. 

His idea at that time was that the nanny didn't need a lot of money every month, but she did need it every month. In order to do this job for a long time and make money every month, she should also take good care of the children. 

As a result, the baby sitter did take good care of the children, and did not dare to slack off at all. However, because she was too spoiled, she directly developed the child into a lawless little devil. 

Before, Tan Mingjin would not care about the child, but she couldn't like it in the end. But now, I can't help but watch a little man who is not big enough to roll around skillfully on his shoulder. On a white, tender and lovely face, his eyes are slightly red because he has just cried, and his nose is slightly red. He opens his mouth pitifully and babbles Ah ah of the splash. 

Mingming is tan Mingjin used to hate the picture, to now, but let him from the bottom of his heart began to soften, no longer reluctant to say a heavy word. 

Although there was only a little displeasure on his face, there was nothing else, but listening to the babbling and splashing voice of Qingyi, it was not like that. 

Once see when Qing play Lai, Tan Mingjin just want to avoid, the heart is full of exclusion. 

But now listen to the hour clear play, the man's heart just want to quickly meet his requirements. 

But he didn't know what was the reason for his unhappiness. 

It doesn't make sense. 

Fortunately, Tan Mingjin is watching the child grow up, he knows how to coax the child happy. 

Tan Mingjin: "didn't you say you fell in love with a new car last time? I'll buy it for you. It's in the garage at home. I'll pick it up myself 

The babbling voice stopped immediately. 

When I was young, a Gulu got up and looked forward to tan Mingjin. A small face was full of longing and worship for uncle.Tan Mingjin started from scratch, the most important thing is hard work. What he doesn't like most is listening to others flattering themselves or boasting. This will only make him feel that the other party can only engage in evil ways if he can't do a good job. 

But now, looking at the little hour, her face is full of adoration, and her eyes are red and red, and she looks like a little pathetic, but she tries hard to open her small hands and make a babbling voice in her small mouth to embrace her. Tan Mingjin's heart is in a mess. 

This is Shi Qing's real thought in his heart. There is absolutely no way to fake it. 

When he went to see Shiqing again, he found that the young man's face showed some excitement. 

In the end, young people still like to show off. Before that, he had been pestering Tan Mingjin to buy a new car. Tan Mingjin felt that he had just got his driver's license to buy another new car, and the young man was so arrogant that he would have an accident, so he kept pressing against buying it for him. 

But today, maybe it was too much stimulation (seeing houqing), maybe it was because she felt that the child was not as frivolous as he thought and was not close to others. When Tan Mingjin was in the hospital, she had a car bought and sent to the garage at home. 

Originally intended to give Shi Qing a surprise, did not expect to become coax the child now. 

Although Qingqing's face was excited, it didn't show too obvious. As before, she lifted her chin and snorted coldly: 

"I've asked you to buy it for me for a long time." 

Tan Mingjin is not surprised at all. After all, this is also the signature action of the eldest young master. It is also one of the reasons why he looks at the growing child more and more impatient. 

After all, he is not a very kind person. Raising such a child who has no blood relationship with him at all, but also for his not getting married, these are his own choices. He will not take the blame on Shiqing. 

But at least, the child should be a little bit of a nurturer. 

Don't ask him to take Tan Mingjin as his father, at least have a good attitude. Don't always make a pair of Tan Mingjin, the uncle owes him. It's reasonable to buy him something, no matter how expensive and rare it is. If you don't buy him anything, he will look at Tan Mingjin with the eyes of his enemies. 

No one likes it. 

But now it is not the same, when Qing that will not look at the face of the madness of the appearance did not change, in the eyes of men, but more see more love. 

After all, although Shi Qing is still like before, the hour Qing, who has already sat up cross legged on his shoulders, has exposed his real inner thoughts. 

In the youth a pair of "this should not be? In fact, I am not happy at all", the hour pure face excited hands to make a driving posture, the mouth dripping, running back and forth on the shoulder. 

Obviously, he was enjoying his new car in his mind. 

He liked the gift he gave him, and Tan Mingjin couldn't help rejoicing with the lightness and lightness of her whole body. 

He even reached out his hand in a good mood and touched Shiqing's head: "before, I thought you were a child, and I was afraid of something wrong with your driving. Now you are also starting to practice. People are looking at it more steadily, and driving is nothing." 

"I'm eighteen and I'm still a kid." 

The young man turned his head obstinately, as if he were very unconvinced. 

He looks like a junior high school student. 

Can be on the shoulder hour Qing, but is red small face, shyly toward the top crazy rub head, a pair of good comfortable good happy look. 

Tan Mingjin heart quite a kind of "you think I don't know, in fact, I know" of the small happiness. 

After getting to Shi Qing, what kind of arrogant and charming she is, Tan Mingjin has been able to understand what the child really thinks when she was a child. Naturally, he also more and more thinks that Shiqing is really cute. 

He went to see Shi Qing's arm again: "are you really OK?" 

Time Qing seems to be very impatient handsome hand: "it's OK, it's OK, I'm strong enough to have anything." 

Tan Mingjin went to see Xiaoqing again, and saw that he was making a serious body-building posture on his face. It seemed that he was seriously in agreement with him. He also put down some snacks in his heart. 

However, just learned from the phone that when Shiqing had an accident, her beating heart seemed to have not slowed down. Tan Mingjin thought about it and thought that it was better for him to take Shiqing with him in the near future. 

"If you're OK, you'll come back to the company with me in a short time and let you go to the internship. You'll know how to run around. How can I trust the company to you in the future?" 

Tan Mingjin said this to reassure Shi Qing. After all, in his opinion, his ability to say "hand over the company" means that he will not marry again and have children, and Shiqing doesn't have to worry about his status in the tan family. 

To his surprise, Shi Qing, who was standing in front of him, was happy with his face, but when he sat down with his cross legs, Qing hung his head and could not see much joy. 

This makes the man's heart even more add a bit of doubt. 

After all, in his impression, Shi Qing always takes tan as his own bag. Now he says that he will leave the company to Shiqing. He should be happy.On the surface, he loved Cheng Yunling, but inside he hated him to death. He said that he regarded him as his own son. However, he cried bitterly and wronged him as if the sky had collapsed. 

Tan Mingjin couldn't help sighing. Looking at Shiqing walking in front of him, he left behind and was looking up the information. The former Shiqing felt that he was too slow and turned to urge him: "uncle, hurry up." 

The man raised his eyes, just saw the hour Qingzheng inserted his waist, frowned, a face "how do you so slow" to look over, he did not care to check the information, after copying a string of book titles, quickly edited and sent a text message out. 

Mr. Tan's conscientious assistant is leading a new assistant. He is saying, "your work is more inclined to life. It's probably that what Mr. Tan wants, you have to send it as fast as possible. If Mr. Tan wants to drink tea, you have to buy tea. If Mr. Tan wants to drink milk, you have to choose the best milk. Of course, the travel expenses and purchase expenses are reimbursed, and there are a lot of bonus, By the way, I want to tell you that Mr. Tan has an 18-year-old... " 

Not finished, the mobile phone Ding Dong a ring, he quickly took out the mobile phone to see, see is tan Mingjin's text message, and pulled a new assistant: "come, look at how I reply." 

Tan Dong: help me buy some books with the titles of "how to communicate with your children", "how to be a good parent", "don't guess the children's mind", "how to feed weaned piglets"] 

Assistant: "how to buy some books for me 

New assistant: 

Assistant full of confusion, staring at the "weaning piglets feeding way" these nine characters, into a deep doubt. 

It's understandable that the children in front of us should be parents, but this piglet 

Is that when the big young?? 

He hesitated and sent a text message. 

Are you sure? ] 

we will reply soon. ] 

Assistant: All right 

he put the mobile phone into his pocket naturally, while following the new assistant, he said, "see? Don't mention that Mr. Tan asked you to buy a pig book. Even if he asked you to buy a pig back, we would also buy it without changing face. " 

"This is professionalism!"





 Tan Mingjin has always been generous to his subordinates, which also leads to no procrastination among the people around him. 

Mr. Tan, have you assigned the task? 

Good! We'll finish it for you in a minute! 

It is absolutely safe and proper. What is right can't be better! 

So when Tan Mingjin took Shiqing back, there were several books on the desk. 

In the past, Tan Mingjin seldom brought Shiqing to the head office, let alone her own office. She did not show much curiosity on her youth's face. She still looked like "I am the master wherever I go". She leaned comfortably on the sofa and cocked her legs. 

"Uncle, you can't do this office, you can't compare with the office of the branch company. Look, you haven't raised a fish, but the branch company has moved a big fish tank there, and it's good for your eyes." 

What he said was that he wanted to be beaten. He was still in the old days of Qing Dynasty. No matter what he saw, he was disdained to be condescending. 

Tan Mingjin is not as angry as usual, but looked up at the past, see sitting on the shoulder of the hour pure and curious eyes, moistening mouth slightly open, full of lovely face exploring new things, looking left and right, even with a smile on the corner of his lips. 

The child's temperament is too uncomfortable. He is curious, and he has to show up in this way. 

Thinking about it, the man nodded his head with a good temper and said to the young master: "I have few people here, and I don't have so many decorations. If you like fish, I'll let people make a fish tank to raise some fish." 

When he heard this, he almost completely followed his words. Shi Qing turned around and looked at him. When he sat on his shoulder, he covered his small face happily. He only showed his beautiful eyebrows and eyes. His eyes were full of joy. Looking at Tan Mingjin's eyes was soft, it made people feel sweet. 

Tan Mingjin see such a hour, the bottom of her heart is more tender, even when the cold hum, haughtily raised his chin to say what "should have been like this" and other unpleasant words, the man can also very naturally filter out in the bottom of his heart. 

Although the topic shifted to the office layout, Tan Mingjin also did not forget what the purpose of bringing Shiqing to the company. 

What's more, the way he looked at his office with his eyes full of curiosity before, had always thought that Tan Mingjin, who had a clear conscience about the child raised by himself, had a rare feeling of guilty. 

Even the spontaneous attitude before the Qing Dynasty has found an explanation. 

It's no wonder that the child's temperament is so strange. Sometimes he is obviously curious or embarrassed, but he has to show a disgusting sarcasm on his face. 

I'm afraid it's because he hasn't given a commitment to the future. 

After all, Tan Mingjin has never covered up the fact that she is not a child of her own. The child has known who her father is since childhood, and that Tan Mingjin is just an uncle who has no blood relationship with him. 

Even if Tan Mingjin is good to him, I'm afraid in his heart, there is no blood ties in this part of the fetters, he will always be that no security, even an adopted son are not called outsiders. 

Tan Mingjin has always felt that he has a clear conscience about the time, but now it seems that he has done enough. 

This can be seen only from his curiosity about his office. 

The man automatically ignored the fact that Shi Qing was even a minor, and that a student in school had no reason to come to the company. He only made up for why Shi Qingzi was so awkward and sighed deeply. 

It's still his fault. 

Because "thought through" everything, Tan Mingjin looked at the youth and softened a little bit. 

"Anyway, it's also an internship. Why don't I transfer you to the head office so that I can get closer to me and help my uncle take care of you." 

Young people curl their lips, is still that pair of disdain appearance: "forget it, I still think in the entertainment company is good, at least many beautiful women can around me, how cool." 

He said the words of refusal, but the shoulder of the hour Qing is bright eyes, while shaking little feet, eyes looking at Tan Mingjin, while trying to poster clap hands, desperately nodding to tan Mingjin, almost in the lovely little face to write "I want to go" these three big words. 

Men laugh. 

Every time he got along with Shiqing, he felt very tired. But since his appearance, it seems that every time I talk to this child, he can completely relax from body to heart. 

It may also be that I was almost alone for so long, and suddenly found that he was not nobody close to, but that little guy was too shy and hid his lovely soft face behind a fierce mask. 

Yeah, why didn't you find out. 

Tan Mingjin lips slightly cocked up, looking at still sitting on the sofa, trying to put out a pair of "I am the eldest young master, I am the most arrogant" youth. 

Although the reason just now sounds like nonsense, when Tan Mingjin attended various banquets, she also heard some bosses complain about their children. Young people of this age are really full of the desire to show off.Naturally, there are beautiful women around the body side, for them is also a kind of show. 

Tan Mingjin opened his mouth to say, "now you are still young, don't always think about something that you have not, first stabilize your career.". 

But just after opening his mouth, he thought that every time he tried to have a heart to heart talk with Shi Qing, he didn't know where to offend Shida young master, and each time he came to an unhappy end. 

It's OK to leave unhappily before. Now, in my mind, I can't see my desk from the angle of Shiqing. Now, I can't see my desk. Now, I can't see my desk. I've copied a list of books and asked my assistant to buy them. 

After flipping through the directory about how to communicate with children, Tan Mingjin quickly turned to that page, which clearly said: "when you and your child disagree, you can try not to express your own ideas directly, but praise the children's ideas first. In this way, children feel that their parents agree with themselves, and they will have a sense of identity with their parents until this time Parents use a euphemistic attitude to express their views. ] 

it makes sense. 

Tan Mingjin himself has no experience in handling family relations. When he was a child, he and his mother were dependent on each other. At that time, he was only thinking about what to do to reduce his mother's burden. He did not have the mind and time to quarrel. 

When raised by Shiqing, the heavy work and the cold words of Shiqing make Tan Mingjin not in the mood to slowly understand the young man's worries. 

If it wasn't for seeing houqing this time and knowing that Shiqing didn't have much feelings for himself as he always thought, Tan Mingjin would not try to ease their relationship. 

The inexperienced veteran cadres read the book again. 

It's all published. It should be OK. 

Thinking about it, he looked up to Xiaoqing and saw Fangzheng looking bored. He was holding his chin and shaking jiojio. His face was full of meaningless words. 

The mood should be good. 

The man confirmed again with a deep face and thought that it should be a good time to relax the relationship now, so he coughed a few times: 

"Uncle knows that it's normal for you to be young and have a good time. I can understand that you like beautiful girls. In this respect, I'm open-minded. As long as it's a legitimate pursuit, I can support you." 

So it's a good idea. 

Tan Mingjin thought, with self-confidence to raise his eyes, ready to meet a "because of approval and put down their guard" when Qing, the results of a look up, directly on the face is fierce, uncomfortable mouth, is trying to put his death ray on the hour Qing. 

Tan Mingjin: 

When Qing's voice can't hear what, still so clear and proud: "so say, uncle to me to look for a girlfriend no problem?" 

Tan Mingjin has realized that there seems to be something wrong. His answer has been a little slow: "as long as your girlfriend is voluntary, I will not stop you." 

Shi Qing: "Oh." 

Hour Qing: "hum 

The little guy is already a puffer fish. He doesn't hang around and doesn't sit. He just stands up and gives Tan Mingjin a good meal. 

The aggrieved and angry little look, it is like what Tan Mingjin did not have to be angry. 

Tan Mingjin: 

He looked down at the book on the desk, which clearly stated that children would open their hearts to their parents because they were recognized by their parents. Even if they did not, they would definitely rely on their parents even more than before, and would even be excited to tell their parents about their plans. 

Tan Mingjin: 

This book doesn't work. 

He put the book back, and took a book from the bottom. He turned the page at random. It seemed that he had turned the page to say what to do if the child was angry. 

Tan Mingjin did not have time to take a close look, but took a quick look. 

[the cubs will be very upset, afraid, and even very angry, but don't worry. This is just a normal phenomenon. At this time, you just need to stand there and stroke the cub's head once, and it's better to stroke the head all the way to the back, which can play a great role in soothing. ] 

after sweeping, the man straightened his legs, stood up, and walked straight towards Shiqing. 

Houqing: "bah, bah, bah!" 

Tan Mingjin pretended that she didn't hear anything. She hugged Shiqing cleanly. Her hand fell on the young man's soft hair. She felt his head carefully, slowly and gently. 

He can clearly feel that the body held by himself is stiff in an instant, but he does not directly push him away. Instead, he is allowed to feel his head. He is not as good as Shiqing. 

Tan Mingjin felt that the time was almost over, and she began to rub the young man's back with her hands again. 

He took time to look at houqing, and saw that he was no longer ferocious, and the angry and aggrieved expression on his face was gone. Instead, he squinted slightly, looking comfortable and enjoying himself.Sure enough, parenting books are useful. 

Tan Mingjin grasped the opportunity and slowly let go of her hand. She said to Shi Qing, "you are big too. You can tell me what you want or what you want to do. My uncle will support you." 

"My uncle's voice is not soft, even my voice should not be soft." 

Tan Mingjin where has seen such time Qing, even if is hour Qing, also did not use such soft expression to him. 

The man is a little flattered for a while, is thinking about what to say, outside came the knock on the door. 

"Come in," he said 

The assistant came in, and was not surprised when he saw him. He said hello: "big little." 

Shida Shao seems to be in a good mood today. He didn't look noble and cool like he did when he met him before. He also said a word to him. 

At the same time, the assistant despised himself for being so easy to be satisfied, while respectfully handed the list to tan Mingjin: "Mr. Tan, this is your tomorrow's itinerary, and the day after tomorrow's rough schedule. I've checked it out just now. I'll arrange it if there's no problem." 

"Good." 

Tan Mingjin had the heart to spare time to accompany Shi Qing. She took the list and said to the youth on the side: "you go to the rest area outside to play for a while, and go back together in the evening." 

When the big little curl mouth, obviously uncle and busy work some dissatisfaction, but maybe just the Shun Mao effect, he did not say what, only a face unhappy out of the door. 

For a moment, the office was left with Tan Mingjin and her assistant. 

The assistant glanced at Tan Mingjin, but still couldn't resist curiosity. He quietly asked, "Mr. Tan, can I ask about the book you asked me to buy..." 

Tan Mingjin's head did not lift: "used in the Qing body." 

Assistant: 

Assistant: All of them? " 

After checking, Tan Mingjin put down the schedule and slightly twisted her eyebrows. She felt that the assistant was strange today, but she still replied, "that's right." 

Thinking of Shiqing's appearance of Obedience after being touched just now, he was in a good mood and praised: "you did a good job this time. Although some of the books you bought are not easy to use, the one on the desk is still very effective. I will give you a bonus this month." 

The assistant subconsciously looks at the table. From this angle, you can see the slightly curved cover at the bottom of the open book. 

Above, you can see a picture of a pig. 

Assistant: I'm a good boy. 

Are rich people raising children so strange? 

He went out with his feet. 

Only Tan Mingjin is left in the office. 

After solving the problem of how to let Shi Qingshun Mao, Tan Mingjin is in a good mood. He returns to his desk and plans to deal with the situation quickly and take Shiqing to dinner. 

The man stretched out his slender hand and closed the book on the table. He was taking it up and planning to put it back. 

All of a sudden, my hands are in place. 

Tan Mingjin's eyes shifted to the photo of the pig on the cover. 

Then slowly, slowly up. 

[feeding method of weaned piglets] nine characters fall into the eye. 

Tan Mingjin: 

He slowly found the number of pages he had just read. It was the way to placate the piglets who were raised in separate rows with sows. 

Tan Mingjin: 

The man stood stiffly in place, holding the book in his hand, for a moment, he even had some freeze frame. 

Finally, he moved. 

Tan Mingjin took the book with her expressionless face and went straight to the garbage can, and raised her hand to throw it out. 

A second before he saw it go back to the dustbin, he suddenly stopped. 

Just now the soft voice of the youth, as well as the picture of being hugged by himself, seems to be still in front of him. 

Tan Mingjin: 

Forget it. It works. 

Silent for a few seconds, he strode to the safe on the other side of the office and pressed the password skillfully. 

Put the book in.





 Tan Mingjin put the book in place, took out her mobile phone and looked at the record. She made sure that it was when she copied the book list that she didn't know what was going on. After adding such a book in the past, if nothing happened, she deleted the record and went back to her desk to continue working. 

He used to be called "the devil of overtime" behind his back. Naturally, this name did not come out of thin air. As a rich generation who has great self-control and wants to achieve any goal, once Tan Mingjin falls into the working state, he is absolutely devoted to it. 

But today, I don't know why. My eyes are clearly looking at the computer, but the time is clear in my mind. 

For a while, she was stubborn and unyielding, and then she turned into a poor little girl crying and crying. 

After a while, it turned into a little fellow's angry eyes, staring at him all kinds of bah. 

The man's hand on the keyboard slowed down unconsciously. 

Slower and slower, slower and slower. 

At the end of the day, he simply stopped and pinched his eyebrows to find out why the web page began to search for a child's face and his inner thoughts were different. 

When I can see that there is a villain on his shoulder representing his real thoughts, he can't tell anyone else. 

The hospital also went, the psychiatric department also checked, his eyes and mental aspects are really no problem, then this matter can only be sealed with fantasy. 

Tan Mingjin pondered over the search on the Internet, looking at the answers that came out and fell into meditation. 

[when a child does not dare to show his real ideas, it shows that he is very insecure. Maybe some children are very piercing on the surface, but when there is no one at night, they will hide and cry secretly. This is a typical lack of security. ] 

men frown more and more. 

On the surface, I cry secretly. 

Isn't this Shiqing? 

On the surface, he looked wild, as if he didn't care that others would hate him, but in fact, the little man sitting on his shoulder was already crying. 

He frowned and continued to look. 

Why are children insecure? There are also reasons for this. According to the survey, most children lose their sense of security because of family factors, such as parents' divorce, single parent family, or parents' going out to work, children living with the elderly, not accompanied by their parents since childhood, and ] 

What's behind it? Tan Mingjin can't see it anymore. 

After all, the time ahead is almost perfect. 

No parents, no company. 

When he was a child, there was only one babysitter who could give him whatever he wanted. 

Even tan Mingjin, this uncle, does not often accompany him. 

Tan Mingjin himself has never realized what's wrong with this. After all, in his impression, Shiqing didn't rely too much on his existence when he was a child. 

Tan Mingjin's uncle's existence seems to be a mobile wallet and treasure chest for Shi Qing. Only when he wants something, he will take the initiative to find Tan Mingjin. 

Originally, he always thought so. 

But after experiencing the occasional almost opposite reaction between Shiqing and houqing, Tan Mingjin is not sure. 

Since Shi Qing can be one side on the face of disgust, while the heart is full of expectations. 

Is that what he was like when he was a kid? 

On the surface, it seems that he just regards his uncle as a mobile wallet. In fact, in my heart, I want to take this opportunity to get close to him. 

Not only did he not see through the child's mind, he even felt that he was only interested in playing. 

When the memory of the past was fixed with a "Shi Qing's real ideas are not as expressed on the surface," Tan Mingjin felt more and more that maybe Shi Qing had tried to express his closeness to him, but he ignored it. 

Shi Qing once had a fight with others. After Tan Mingjin came to the school, he not only felt that it was wrong to fight with his classmates, but also said that he would not invite him to participate in the fight on his birthday. 

At that time, he thought that the child was unreasonable, but in fact, if he pushed forward, it would be Shiqing's birthday two weeks ago. 

He was abroad at that time, and had already wanted to come back to accompany him. However, he met with abnormal weather and failed to come back in time. When Tan Mingjin came back, he only ushered in the chaos of a villa. 

Maybe the child is losing his temper on purpose because of his birthday. 

He Shiqing once tried to drive his car out secretly. Fortunately, he was stopped by the security guard in time. At that time, Tan Mingjin was furious and felt that the child was neither responsible for his own life nor for the life of others. 

However, he can vaguely remember that a little further back then, Shiqing tried to ask him to drive himself to school because of the famous new car Tan Mingjin had bought. 

He was so busy at that time that he refused without thinking about it. 

But now, when I recall the past, with the pitiful appearance of being hugged by Xiaoqing, there is another interpretation.Shi Qing 

In fact, what I wanted at that time was not to show off the new car, but to spend more time with his uncle, right? 

One by one. 

At the beginning, he was angry, disappointed, and even cold hearted. Today, it seems that it has become a different way of getting close to Shiqing. 

Yeah, he always does. 

No matter how he wanted it, he would show disdain on his face. In those days when he could not see Qingqing, did he miss many scenes of crying or hugging? 

In the office of Nuo Da, the man was sitting in front of the computer. He was stunned. 

In my heart, there is only one word left. 

The past can't go back. 

But in the future, he must make up for Shiqing. 

I feel it. ] 

at that time, the eldest young master of Qing Dynasty was holding up his long legs and playing games with his mobile phone in his hand. 

While playing the game, the dual-purpose tracking system beeps: "do you smell the smell of white washing? ] 

system; [host, the system has no olfactory system. ] 

Shi Qing: [Tut, I won again. A group of small spicy chickens can't even win. What kind of game can I play. ] 

System: [ ] 

it glanced at Wusha on the youth's mobile phone and did not dare to speak. 

In the eyes of the people in the rest room, the young master left his mobile phone on the sofa with a bored face and looked like "I want to sleep". 

Although there are a lot of arrogant rich second generation in TV series, in reality, it is the first time for most people to see such an arrogant rich second generation as Shi Qing. As soon as he lies down, office workers in the rest room immediately look at the past. 

It can be said that it is from the quiet to the big and square. 

After all, when the young master covered his face with his coat, he could not see that they were looking at him. 

Be careful when you drink water from a distance, for fear of disturbing the prince who is not easy to be provoked. 

If you sit far away, there is no such restriction. You can watch and whisper. 

At the moment, a new employee asked the elder: "brother Zhang, I just heard that it was the prince who came. This is the son of Tan Dong?" 

This elder brother Zhang is also a gossip. He also whispered in his voice and whispered: "not a son, but a nephew." 

"Nephew?" 

The new staff are in a muddle. 

Nephew as prince? Isn't it all sons? 

Looking at them, Tan Dong is young and strong, and he doesn't look like a man without a son. 

"I'll tell you." 

Brother Zhang whispered to him about popular science: "moreover, the prince and Tan Dong are not the same surname, whether they have blood relationship or not is unknown. Anyway, they were raised by Tan Dong since childhood. Before, some people said that this could be an illegitimate son of Tan Dong, but I don't think it is possible. If he is an illegitimate child, he is not married and has no management of the main room. Why not make his identity public." 

"The prince's reputation is not very good. It is said that he has a bad temper. In any case, if you meet him, you can just hide." 

New employee: "he's a prince. This company will be his. How can we hide?" 

Moreover, with Shi Qing's natural dandy temperament, if he really takes over the company in the future, he can't believe that he can really lead the company well. 

It would be nice not to collapse. 

"Don't worry." 

Brother Zhang smiles implicitly and pats his younger generation on the shoulder to reassure him. 

He lowered his voice again and whispered, "although we all say this is the prince, in fact, we all think that he will be kicked out of the chairman's house sooner or later." 

"You think, a nephew doesn't know whether he has blood relationship. He is not progressive or sensible. He is always tugging at everyone every day. You know the temper of our chairman. It's harder and colder than stone. How can such a person get used to this prince?" 

He looked around and saw everyone talking quietly, and added in a low voice: "it is said that before this accident, he was caught by the chairman of the board. If he goes out, he will get out of the Tan's house if he makes trouble again. In any case, we all think that the prince will come down soon." 

"That's what you say." 

The new employee nodded with approval: "I have seen Mr. Tan several times before, and the whole person is cold. It is said that he attaches great importance to physical objects, and is most afraid of flattery. He has basically fallen down against him. A nephew without blood relationship is still in a bad temper. Tut Tut..." 

They are gossiping, the elevator door jingle open, suits and leather shoes, slender man raised his feet into the rest area. 

"Mr. tan." 

"It's Tan Dongai." 

For a moment, the staff who were just talking quietly shut up. 

In the silence, they watched Tan Mingjin frown slightly and strode to the prince who was lying on the sofa.As we all know, Tan Mingjin is upright and fastidious in his work. What he hates most is that the people below are not upright. 

Now the prince has been caught by him. It must be a reprimand. 

People think like this, one by one eyes to this side, trying to see the excitement from the beginning to the end. 

Tan Mingjin moved. 

"Shi Qing." 

He uses a soft voice that makes people want to drop his chin. The magnetic voice is slightly lowered, with a little gentleness, and he whispers: 

"get up, don't sleep on the sofa, it's bad for your waist and back." 

People:!!! 

Sleeping trough! 

Are they dreaming or is the world broken? 

Is the cold, severe and merciless Tan Dong swallowed?!! 

"Well..." 

What makes them even more surprised is still ahead. 

When the eldest young master was angry, he lifted his coat and sat up. His expression was full of irritability. 

"what are you doing? I didn't sleep for a few minutes before I called me!" 

The attitude of the teacher's inquisition made all the people around him sweat for him. 

The prince is really not conscious of relying on others. He dares to be so arrogant when he eats and uses him. 

Mr. Tan is not soft tempered. He must be angry. 

However, in the eyes of Tan Mingjin, hour Qingzheng rolls around on his shoulders with grievances on his face, his small hands waving and breathing, and his face is uncomfortable. 

The man's eyes softened slowly, stretched out his long hand, touched the youth's head, and said along the hair: 

"good boy, you want to go to the rest room of my office, don't sleep on the sofa." 

People who have met Tan Mingjin who are not easy to get into trouble with: 

"Uncle, you are so upset." 

The young man stood up with a grumpy face and tied his coat on his body at will. His face was not happy. 

This is the attitude of the nose and the face. 

It's too much to smoke. 

Zhang Ge, who had already felt that Sanguan had been renewed, still insisted on his last persistence. He quietly said to the new staff: 

"look, Mr. Tan must be angry." 

However 

Tan Mingjin laughs and looks at him. He also sits up with him, yawns, and a pair of Xiaoqing, who is going to sleep soon: 

"OK, let's go. It's upstairs. Soon." 

Brother Zhang: 

New employee: 

Run down to monitor (cross out) the assistant who takes care of the prince 

The rest room is very quiet. A group of people are almost shocked to see Tan Mingjin even coax and deceive him into the elevator and press the elevator for him. 

Even soft voice coax: "you go up first, I'll come up." 

Mom 

The assistant was quite calm. Although her steps were a little flighty and her expression was a little confused, she still arrived at Tan Mingjin in time. She had a professional quality and said, "Mr. Tan, I'm going to take care of the young and the big." 

"No more." 

Tan Mingjin thought in her mind that just a little guy was sleepy, her head was a little bit bit, and she tried to show her lovely appearance of embracing posture towards him, and her lips were still slightly cocked up. 

"Shiqing is afraid of noise. If you go up there, you will quarrel with him again." 

It was the first time that a man felt full of soft feelings towards his children after he had raised him for more than ten years. He couldn't help but say to his assistant: 

"you see, Shiqing is really clever." 

Just before I got into the elevator, I couldn't stand my sleepy station. I was still shaking and had to stand up and ask him to hug him. 

This child is sticking to people. 

Assistant: 

People sitting nearby: -- 

Tan Mingjin: "hmm?" 

The assistant quickly nodded: "yes, yes, I have never seen such a sensible child in my life." 

Without conscience, he squeezed out a smiling face and tried to praise: "children now are mobile phones. They don't leave their hands. They don't play with them very much. We can see how strong his self-control is." 

Yeah, he doesn't play with cell phones. 

He's just not very particular about playing on the sofa and sleeping enough. 

Tan Mingjin: "yes, Shiqing is like this, and has always been very good." 

Assistant: 

Mom, it's hard to go to work. 

Tan Mingjin: "by the way, I have told the personnel about the bonus increase." 

Assistant:!! " 

"Yes! You're right! Big and little, but I've seen the best boy 

People next to him: 

They immediately agreed: "yes, yes, big and little is really, too sensible, too good." 

"There must be a lot of success in the future." 

"Yes, that's a good boy. If only my children were as sensible as the children."Ears full of praise of the Qing Dynasty, Tan Mingjin heart comfortable. 

Yes, Shi Qing is such a good boy. 

It's just a little awkward. The way of expressing intimacy is a little wrong. 

But in fact, his good will not be covered by these things. 

Look, can't other people see it?





 Satisfied to hear enough of the public boasting of the Qing, Tan Mingjin this began to do business, handed the information to the assistant. 

In fact, it would be good for the assistant to come up and get these things. But he just thought that Shi Qing was not familiar with the company and would not feel comfortable in the rest room. He simply went downstairs with the information. 

"Mr. Tan, are you going back?" 

The assistant doubted if something was wrong with his ear. 

What did he hear?? 

He even heard that Tan Mingjin, a workaholic, wanted to leave early. 

Leave early!!! 

You know, although Tan Mingjin is the boss, no one in the company can control him, but he can work on his own, and his self-control is also amazing. He is the chairman of the board, but he has always been strict with himself according to the standard of nine to five. 

They even take the initiative to work overtime. Sometimes they are too busy to sleep directly in the company. 

The assistant has been working with him for such a long time. He has seen early arrival and late departure. He has never seen Tan Mingjin leave early without any emergency. 

His heart was full of confusion and shock, and his face still kept a professional smile: 

"OK, do you want me to send you a car?" 

"No 

The man waved his hand slightly, and his lips seemed to be cocked slightly on a handsome face. He said in a good mood: 

"I will go with him when I wake up." 

Assistant: 

So can Mr. tan do something like work in the office? 

Is it going to rain red. 

Although I am curious, the smile on the assistant's face is still respectful and professional when I think of the bonus this month: 

"OK, I'll be downstairs. Just tell me what you want." 

Keep smiling and watch Tan Mingjin enter the elevator, until the elevator door is closed, the assistant immediately changed his face, holding the information all over his face. 

Just still quiet lounge immediately burst out of a heated discussion, all of which is to say that Tan Mingjin just responded. 

"What's the situation? Isn't it that Tan Dong and the prince are not in a good relationship? Just now, I saw that he was not in a good mood like that. He was holding people in his hands. " 

"Yes, who sent the news? This is, can you tell me the truth? I really think the prince will come down sooner or later." 

"Now I know why we all say that children are chained to men. Look at us, Tan Dong, everything is cold and solemn. When we get to the prince, we can't be any more soft." 

Some people went to ask the assistant: "brother, what's going on? Tan Dong's attitude, his own son is just like this." 

Assistant: 

How did he know what was going on. 

If he had known, he would have been promoted. 

But as Tan Mingjin's assistant, 24 hours a day almost 16 hours with him, if you say you don't know, it's not too humiliating. 

The assistant coughed and looked serious: 

"this is a family affair of Mr. tan. Don't talk about it casually." 

As soon as he said this, the colleagues who had just discussed it openly shut up. 

The assistant is still a little relieved. 

Although he sounds like an assistant, he is an assistant to the chairman. 

If we put it in ancient times, it would be the eunuch beside the emperor. Everyone should respect him a little. 

When he was full of ambition, the assistant's expression suddenly stopped. 

Pooh! 

He is not a eunuch! 

Tan Mingjin is still upstairs. 

There is a rest room in his office. When he bought the building for decoration, Tan Mingjin, who was already a workaholic, specially asked to install a rest room, just to make it convenient for him to sleep on the spot after working late in the company. 

Because it is the place to rest in the company, Tan Mingjin is not that kind of delicate temperament, only roughly hit the cabinet and installed a bed. 

He felt good when he was sleeping. 

But now, Tan Mingjin vaguely remembers that Shi Qing has high requirements in every aspect. When he was 14 years old, they moved. At that time, he was already a small adult. He had already hated the bed in the bedroom. 

At that time, he quarreled with the bed and fell asleep uncomfortable, which made him have nightmares all day long. Tan Mingjin also gave him money to order the bed he wanted. 

I don't know the bed in the rest room is used to sleeping. 

Tan Mingjin thought that the frequency of Shiqing coming here should be more and more. He should have the rest room renovated as soon as possible, and opened the door lightly. 

On the bed, the youth is holding the quilt, spreading his limbs to sleep. 

The face, which was always full of defiant and rebellious, was now at peace. 

The man saw that he fell asleep, quietly on the front, deliberately slow did not give out movement, slowly sat on the edge of the bed, slightly drooping eyes, the corners of his lips with a smile when looking at clear this very overbearing sleep.Tan Mingjin did not see several times when the clear sleep, now see, the bottom of my heart will want to laugh. 

It's a bully. Even sleeping should try our best to occupy the area that can be occupied. 

He went to see houqing next to Shiqing. 

This time, it is rare that the little guy is not on the youth's shoulders, but on Shi Qing. 

When Qing was lying on his back, he also lay on his back. 

Small body and time Qing is the same, are spread out limbs, a big character, small face sleep ruddy, mouth is still slightly open, whispering. 

Sleep sleep, sometimes small eyebrows will suddenly wrinkle, kick legs, or face uncomfortable raised small hands to knead their tender face. 

Obviously, he was dreaming. 

This appearance is really can let the human see the heart melt. 

With a smile, Tan Mingjin forgot about this big and small moment. Then she gently pulled the quilt and took the corner out of the young man's unconscious palm and covered him. 

Always blatant and arrogant, his face was full of wanton, and then his body was covered by a quilt, showing only a white face. 

It's also strange to say that his looks and eyebrows always make people feel that they are very conspicuous. But when the child is quiet, his eyebrows and eyes are quiet again. The tip of his nose 

is slightly tilted, and his lower lip is ruddy. 

When Qing looks different from his father, Tan Mingjin thinks that he should be more like a mother, but at the beginning he did not see the girl, so there is no way to know whether Shiqing's appearance followed his mother. 

However, his appearance is a bit like Tan Mingjin when she was at school. At that time, Tan Mingjin was such a young man with red lips and white teeth. 

At that time, there were many pursuers who were aiming at beauty and learning hegemony. However, he was bent on making money. Later, he worked hard to establish a company and developed into a group. After sitting in this position, he began to pay attention to fitness. 

After a long time, he was tall and slender. People looked at him steadily. His momentum was not angry and self-confident. As before, there were fewer girls who dared to pursue him. 

So even if Tan Mingjin has been keeping Shiqing around, many people will not guess that Shi Qing is tan Mingjin's illegitimate son. 

"Well..." 

The man is seven to eight think out of God, sleep well when Qing and restless grunt a few, the original honest body also moved up. 

Tan Mingjin subconsciously reached out and patted him on the shoulder. As he got closer, he heard the young man mumbling, "Uncle..." 

He was stunned and flattered. 

Is Shiqing so close to him? I would call him in my dreams. 

This time, not looking at the hour clear, but looking at the sleeping youth, the man's heart again soft into a group. 

He gently under the line of sight, stretched out his hand gently patted, the magnetic voice lowered coax: "uncle is here." 

I don't know what dream Shiqing had. 

Did you dream of childhood? 

Or did you dream that they were playing together? 

Tan Mingjin was thinking about it, and Shiqing came again. 

"Uncle..." 

The young man called out again. He closed his eyes and pursed his ruddy lips into a small circle. 

His white face was slightly red, and he rubbed restlessly in the quilt: "MUA! mua！ mua！” 

A corner of the quilt was dropped and the hour was revealed. 

The little guy is happy, with his eyes closed, his long eyelashes trembling, his red face curled up, and he laughed. 

Although he didn't pout to kiss like Shi Qing, because his little hand was on the side of his face, the little guy wanted to kiss, and all of them went directly to kiss the back of his tender hand. 

Tan Mingjin, who witnessed this scene, couldn't laugh or cry. 

He suspected that Shiqing had dreamt of his childhood. At that time, the little guy's grandmother had not died. Because there was only such a little grandson left, the old man could not help spoiling him to heaven. 

A small person, arrogant and overbearing, to see people will kiss, not to kiss angry. 

At that time, Tan Mingjin was so busy that she seldom came back. She did not meet a little guy to kiss her, but her grandmother called and said several times. 

In the blink of an eye, the child is so old. 

Seeing the young man in the quilt pouting and swearing without waiting for a kiss, Tan Mingjin reached out and touched his head with a smile. 

"Good, sleep well." 

When Qing was touched his head, he was obedient, moved slightly, and the quilt slipped down from his shoulder. Only this time, along with the quilt, he also had his loose clothes. 

The round white shoulder was exposed to the air. 

He always likes to wear this kind of loose and big clothes, a pair of "I am the most fashionable" appearance. Once, Tan Mingjin was very disagreeable and felt that it was not neat at all. 

Now, however, he did not feel that the aesthetic of the Qing Dynasty was abnormal.But clothes can be loose, but not too loose. 

Shi qingben is very white, and his skin is delicate. He is good-looking, and his figure is well proportioned. His shoulders are exposed. It seems that the whole person is smaller and looks better. 

Men seem to realize for the first time that this child growing up around him is so charming. 

He looked at this scene, watching the child sleep unprepared on his own bed, that look at ease and comfortable, but his heart seems to flash something. 

It's like, it's a little dry. 

"Bang! Bang 

The heart is beating with excitement. 

Tan Mingjin thinks it's wrong for him to stare at Shiqing for too long. 

So he stretched out his long hand, gently pulled the broad clothes, and covered the white shoulder. 

When I closed my eyes, I felt the burning in the air. 

The youth seemed to turn over unintentionally, so the clothes on the left side were still on the top, and the clothes on the right shoulder slipped down again. 

Tan Mingjin's breathing slowed down a little. 

His heart is beating fast. 

The man is almost subconsciously over the body. 

He didn't even think about why it was men themselves who wanted to avoid it. 

What's more, it's just a little shoulder. In summer, there are a lot of men who are shirtless. What are they hiding from. 

But the heart is not slow at all. 

It seems that no matter whether you open or close your eyes, just when you are sleeping peacefully in the quilt, the scene of pure peace on your face can suddenly come out. 

Tan Mingjin licked her lips, and her sight fell beside the bed cabinet. 

When Qing always closed his eyes, felt the man rustle, turned around. 

He shrinks into the bed again: 

[all, steady. ] 

bedside 

the man frowned solemnly and looked at the white part with his excited heart. 

Slowly, he held out his hand. 

He pulled up the wide overcoat again. 

And quickly from the bedside table to take the clip, clip in the clothes. 

"Hoo!" 

After making sure that it was clamped, Tan Mingjin breathed a sigh of relief. 

So it won't fall again. 

This clip works well. 

He looked at the other side uneasily and stretched out his hand. 

Close up, clip the clothes. 

In one go!





 Shi Qing said: 

He just lay down for a second, moved his body, turned over, and then determined that Tan Mingjin really caught his clothes with a clip. 

After the confirmation, there was another burst of... "" 

The system has just been called out, and curiosity appears: "host, what's stable?" 

When Qing was silent for a few seconds, he said, "nothing, you go on playing." 

After such a long time, it is still a small and simple system, and went away with a good response. 

However, it is strange that the host's tone just now is a bit gnashing teeth. 

Tan Mingjin didn't know about this. When he saw Shiqing, he began to worry about the clip hitting the youth. He hesitated for a moment, stretched out his long hand, and carefully tried to land it on Shiqing's shoulder. Before he could see whether the clip had touched Zhiqing, the young man who had fallen asleep slowly opened his eyes. 

Shi Qing's eyes are very good-looking. Under his long eyelashes are authentic peach blossom eyes. He may be a bit rebellious when he looks at people. But at the moment, he just wakes up and looks like he has a little hook on him. 

And now, this pair of hook people's eyes so with a little confused to look at Tan Mingjin. 

Just just calm the mind, men do not know why, by his sight to see inexplicable and heart dry heat up. 

Even, the air seemed to reveal a burning. 

Neither of them spoke, until it seemed that they got rid of the confusion when they just woke up. They blinked their beautiful eyes and called out to tan Mingjin: 

"uncle." 

The voice of the youth has always been clear and clear, but perhaps it is because of just waking up. At the moment, the clear voice has some hoarseness and low and graceful. 

Tan Mingjin's mind is almost immediately remembered when the students read between the villains, it describes a goblin voice, always with charm. 

He has a good memory. After so long, he can still remember a few sentences in the comic book. Now he describes the goblin that he vaguely remembers in the past, but he doesn't feel anything wrong. 

He was in a daze, and the young man woke up completely. He sat up, looked down at the clip on his shoulder and lost his temper: "who made this for me? What is it for?" 

Obviously is complaining, Tan Mingjin just heard some coquettish meaning. 

The heart rate seems to be faster. 

Men subconsciously hide the current mood, a dry cough, with a cold voice line to cover up the inexplicable out of the heart: "I gave you clip, told you long ago, don't always wear this kind of clothes, shoulders are exposed, you a boy, to correct some." 

He hates the conflict between the two sides before he quarrels with the list, but on the one hand, he always wants to have a big conflict with others. 

"What's wrong with a man?"?? Can't men wear that? Everyone else can wear it. Why can't I wear it? I'm not wearing clothes full of holes 

When he didn't sleep well, the eldest young master blew up again. Obviously, he thought that Tan Mingjin was criticizing. 

Hour Qing also wake up with him, stood on the shoulder of time Qing again, at the moment is following with anger. 

The small face is full of unhappiness and a trace of grievance. Looking at Tan Mingjin's eyes, it seems that he has done something sorry for himself. 

The young man was still in anger: "you think it's not good for me to wear a piece of clothes. Last time Cheng Yunling went to the award ceremony, there was only a small piece of rag all over his body, and his whole back was exposed. Why don't you think she is not correct?"?? It's not interesting to see it 

The hour Qing on his shoulder also along with cheering: "bah, bah, bah!" 

Tan Mingjin was accused of slightly twisting eyebrows. 

What's the matter with Cheng Yunling. 

Then the man remembered that in Shi Qing's eyes, he was afraid that he liked Cheng Yunling and wanted to rob the child. 

He was suddenly a little sad and laughing, and opened his mouth to explain two sentences. 

However, as if he had grasped a big handle, he didn't give Tan Mingjin a chance to speak at all. He opened his mouth like a machine gun, which was like a trumpet: 

"I just wear a little wider clothes, and you say I'm not correct. You sit in front of the TV every day to watch Cheng Yunling show his shoulders. I don't know how many times I've watched it, but I don't think it's enough to do it once or twice, She also specially went to see her advertisement. You have read her advertisement at least eight times. Don't you like it is not correct? If she doesn't behave properly, I can't 

It's just rhetorical. 

Tan Mingjin used to sit in the living room and work at home, and read the news. 

It's true that sometimes there are advertisements for Cheng Yunling. He will look up at them, but that's just because she looks like his dead mother. 

At the beginning, his mother was so busy that she hardly had any time to rest in order to make money, and she was reluctant to spend money to take photos. Now, when Tan Mingjin missed her mother, she had to rely on her memories to live on. 

So when she found that Cheng Yunling looked like his mother, Tan Mingjin would look up every time she found her advertisement. It was like his mother was still alive and smiling in the world.The result did not expect to arrive when clear eye, unexpectedly is he likes Cheng Yunling proof. 

Tan Mingjin: "you misunderstood..." 

Shi Qing: "Hi, can you misunderstand me? If you live at home, I don't know what you think of her 

Hour Qing cooperates: "bah, bah!" 

Tan Mingjin: "things are not what you think..." 

Shi Qing: "yes, I know. Things are more excessive than what I saw. After all, uncle, you can do it for Cheng Yunling. You don't believe me who was with you since I was a child. I think it's me who drugged her and drove me out of the house for her." 

His voice, which was still full of anger, gradually faded and finally became gnashing his teeth. 

He looked very fierce. 

The hour clear pour is not ferocious also not fiendish, begin to face afflictive low head, sob to wipe tears. 

The young man took a deep breath and looked up at the ceiling at a 45 degree angle: 

"now you can do this to me just because you have a mind for her. When you get well with her, don't throw me out of the tan family. You will get married this year, hold two for three years, uncle, you will have a lovely wife and children, and I will live on the street." 

Xiaoqing: "whining It's just 

Tan Mingjin: 

What's going on with this kid's brain circuits. 

He couldn't help but help his forehead: "Shiqing, listen to me first." 

"What else? Didn't uncle do it all directly? " The young man turned his mouth obstinately and pretended that he didn't care. He pointed to the clip on his shoulder and complained: 

"this is the evidence." 

"Cheng Yunling hasn't entered the door yet. You've started to corporal punish me." 

Tan Mingjin: 

Deeply aware of what is called a cry two make three hang, and the egg pick bone Tan Dong stretched out a slender big hand, rubbed the eyebrows. 

"That clip is just to help you with your clothes." 

When the cold hum a, stretched out his hand to pull the clip down: "you when I three-year-old child?" 

"Uncle, you like Cheng Yunling, don't you? Well, I tell you, I like it, too. You can see how close we were before 

In his mind, Xiaoqing immediately gives Cheng Yunling a strong hand, and Tan Mingjin in the picture says: 

Yes, he saw it. It was real. 

At the moment, even though she knew that Shiqing was still angry, Tan Mingjin still wanted to laugh. 

I don't like it, but I have to pretend to like it. How can this child be so coke. 

The man thinks so, labial cape can't help but take a smile, he asks when clear: "do you really like her?" 

The original intention of his words was to make fun of the active atmosphere. As soon as he finished the question, he saw the young man in front of him with angry eyes. 

And before still in the small voice of the hours, first is the small face dull face for a few seconds, and then the reaction came, do not hum. 

Instead of crying out loud. 

Shi Qing didn't cry. He just asked angrily: 

"what do you mean by this?? She's so devoted to me that you want to chase her 

Tan Mingjin: 

Tan Mingjin: "I'm not this..." 

But the young man didn't listen to him. He didn't know whether he was angry or aggrieved. In a word, he was a little red. He glared at his uncle like a wolf: 

"I will let you know how much I like her!" 

With that, he turned around, put on his shoes and strode out. 

"Bang 

He slammed the door with great force. 

Tan Dong, who was left in the rest room by a man: 

Even if the distance is so far away, he can still hear the voice of crying when he is young. The voice makes people sad and the listener tears. I don't know that Tan Mingjin bullied him more. 

When the business of crying was not heard, Tan Mingjin slowly pinched her eyebrows and hesitated to sit on the bed. 

Not long after Shi Qing left, it seems that there is a young man's temperature here. 

The man drooped his eyes slightly, slowly stretched out his hand, fell on the soft quilt, as if falling on the head of Qingqing, gently touched. 

Everyone in the crew knows that the way in which the eldest young master chases Cheng Yunling has been upgraded. 

Every day a car of roses do not say, the eldest young master relied on his identity as Prince, and stayed in the production team, hired three bodyguards, just put together a couplet. 

First line: you are my little sweetheart 

second line: I am your big baby 

there is also a horizontal review: good luck 

every time this young master clocks in, brings three bodyguards to the production team, lies on his couch, stands up and down on the left and right, and puts a horizontal scroll on his head. 

The high profile is beyond description. 

To describe it again, Shi Qing has become the most beautiful scenery of the crew. 

Although this act is very high-profile, but most of the crew still like him, without him, sometimes generous ah.This is the fighter plane of the second generation of rich people. He wrote down his pride on his face. He invited people to eat, drink milk tea and eat cakes every day. When the crew changed places, he directly bought a hotel. 

Who can not like this kind of kind-hearted people who are wrongly sent (crossed out). 

There are probably two of the few in the crew who are bothered by the existence of this person. 

One is Cheng Yunling, the other is Zheng Xuexue, who is jealous and dissatisfied with Cheng Yunling's "pangshang". 

Cheng Yunling is only aware that Qing didn't like her at all. However, she was troubled by her pursuit. 

Zheng Xuexue's eyes turned red with pure jealousy. 

Especially when it comes to the noon break time, the one who is always arrogant and domineering and refuses to give in, most or less will be very attentive around Cheng Yunling. 

"Come on, Yunling, you eat this, I'll feed you," 

"come on, you like this, I'll feed you." 

"Have a cup of milk tea. I'll feed you." 

That pair of wish to put Cheng Yunling in the palm of his hand, devout look, let Zheng Xuexue envy explosion. 

Why is Cheng Yunling?? 

Looking at her small and successful appearance, she complained that she had gained two pounds in a few days. 

Show off! 

This is absolutely a show off! 

However, in fact: 

Shi Qing: "come on, Yunling, eat this, and I'll feed you." 

With that, the eldest young master motioned Cheng Yunling to open his mouth. 

Cheng Yunling: Don't 

Shi Qing: "I saved you. I didn't expect to repay you for saving your life. I'll feed you a meal. You can see how you grind and haw." 

Cheng Yunling opens his mouth in silence. 

I'm ready to shut up. 

Shi Qing: "don't move. Keep this position. Don't move." 

-- CLICK! 

The bodyguard nearby immediately took this picture of "Shiqing feeding Cheng Yunling". 

Just also full face smile ha ha when big little immediately change face, chopsticks a throw to turn head: "how?"?? How are you doing? " 

The bodyguard patted his chest and showed the photo to the employer: "when you look, it's absolutely super clear." 

Cheng Yunling, who didn't get a bite of the food he was fed at all, said: 

In the afternoon, she asked for milk tea and handed it to Cheng Yunling with great interest. She turned the straw to her direction and said with a smile, "I feed you milk tea." 

In order to keep fit for a long time, he did not dare to drink milk tea, but he smelled the smell of milk tea. Unable to restrain himself, Cheng Yunling turned his head in pain: "no, the heat of milk tea is too high, I can't drink it." 

Shi Qing: "have a drink, it's OK." 

He added: "there is no reward for saving lives." 

Cheng Yunling then full of brain "this is not I want to drink, but someone forced me to drink", and at the same time, he tried to take a sip. 

"Wait, don't move. Hold on. I'll give my uncle a video call and let him see how much we love each other." 

After the video is finished, Cheng Yunling holds the milk tea and talks to tan Mingjin when he looks at it. He sucks and drinks and makes a background board at ease. 

Anyway, this is when Qing forced her to drink, not to drink for nothing. 

At the same time, Cheng Yunling, who is still very professional, has not forgotten to show off her "emotional harmony" with Shi Qing, showing a shy smile. 

But I don't know if it's her illusion. I always think that the tan Dong's eyes in the video are a little strange. 

Tan Mingjin, who is in the office and takes time to have a video with time, listens to him silently. 

"Uncle, did you see the picture I sent you? In fact, Yunling wants to eat by herself, but I think I feel more in love with myself. " 

"Well, I really like her, and she likes me too much." 

The man looked at the hour Qing who was trying to roll his eyes on his lovely little face 

Shiqing didn't realize that houqing on his shoulder had betrayed himself and was still trumpeting: 

"this may be the feeling of love. I live in the drama group now, and it's hard to see Yunling for a day." 

"Bah Oh 

"I don't think anyone in the world likes her more sincerely than me," Shi Qing said 

Hour Qing was disgusted by his own bad, dying to lie down dead. 

Shi Qing: "uncle, why don't you talk all the time?" 

Tan Mingjin quietly looks at Xiaoqing, who was originally standing dead in the direction of Cheng Yunling. After realizing this, she twists her small body and firmly turns her head to tan Mingjin and her buttocks and jiojio to Cheng Yunling. 

He tried to suppress his smile and nodded seriously: 

"I think you are sincere, too."





 The sincere time Qing is lovely in Tan Mingjin's eyes, but Cheng Yunling can't stand it. 

It's not about Shiqing's attitude. To be honest, although the eldest young master has never covered up the fact that he only regards Cheng Yunling as a tool maker, he is really good to her. 

Advertising endorsements and even contracts with big IP can be delivered to her naturally. 

If his appearance was not better than her, his clavicle was more delicate than her, and even his skin was tender, white and smooth, and she looked three degrees white, Cheng Yunling might have been really moved. 

After all, although Shi Qing is a little angry, so far it is only a mouth fault. Moreover, he also saves the life of a dog in the process of Yunling's death. He also doesn't care about her misunderstanding about her medication. 

Yes, Cheng Yunling is now 100% sure that Shiqing will never give her medicine to try to be a good thing. 

After all, when the majority of her dislike can be filled with a basket. 

In short, tool man cheng Yunling doesn't want to continue to be a tool recently. 

It's not that there is any dissatisfaction. The main reason is that since Shi Qing entered the production group, she has seen her weight rise a little bit. 

As we all know, actors control their weight in order to look good on the screen. Cheng Yunling used to be called a fairy by fans, but now, how long has it been? She has gained five pounds. 

Five catties!!! 

Five catties!!! 

How can this be tolerated. 

The main culprit is Shi Qing's various feeding. Yes, this young master, after digging out the video function with his uncle, stopped taking photos and changed the video. 

Before Cheng Yunling can rely on his strong perseverance and the desire to be thin, reluctantly after taking a photo not to eat. 

After all, after all, when the photos are finished, most of them are satisfied and will not care whether she eats or not. 

But now, he's changed to video!! 

From then on, Cheng Yunling became a background board in the video conversation between Shi Qing and Tan Mingjin. 

Different from other background boards, her mouth is always eating. 

Eat, eat, can not be fat? 

What's more, Cheng Yunling's startling discovery is that she once had a good command of her food. She may have had a good time eating, but gradually began to collapse her willpower. In the evening, she scratched her heart and scratched her lungs to eat all kinds of delicious food. 

It's terrible. 

She has to change. 

Cheng Yunling decided to have a showdown with Shi Qing. 

After listening to her explanations, the eldest young master squinted slightly and looked at Cheng Yunling from top to bottom: 

"are you refusing my pursuit for such a simple reason?" 

Cheng Yunling: I help you to modify the time limit, not to refuse your pursuit, but to refuse your superficial pursuit. " 

"Oh." 

The young man's white face, which was at least two degrees whiter than her, showed a bit of publicity, which gave Cheng Yunling face in particular: 

"OK, pursue superficially." 

He was not angry as expected, but gave a request very insipid: "OK." 

"But you have to take off the bill, or you won't talk about it." 

Cheng Yunling: 

Does it have anything to do with the fact that she no longer takes her as a tool person?? 

She really didn't understand the brain circuit of the time, so she asked directly. 

"Of course, it is to prevent you from becoming my aunt." 

"Tut, my uncle to you, you also know, if not for a me in the middle, maybe you two already become, so I always said, he is not good at vision, actually take a fancy to, you." 

In front of him, when he looked at him, he was full of disgusted Cheng Yunling 

What a surprise to her. 

Clearly, she has been trying to explain that her relationship with Tan Dong is so pure that it is even whiter than tofu. 

As a result, when Qing tossed her for so many days, he was afraid that she would become his aunt. 

And these days, when Tan Dong and Shi Qing's video were not glued to Shi Qing's body, they didn't give her any line of sight at all. 

&In this way, Shi Qing can still believe that Tan Dong likes her?? 

Cheng Yunling: "it was a little time. I have explained it many times. I have no idea about Tan Dong." 

Shi Qing: "Tut, my uncle is handsome and good-natured. What's wrong with her temper and character? Will you not like her?" 

With that, he looked at Cheng Yunling again with his chin raised and a haughty look at Cheng Yunling: 

"but you are not as good-looking as my uncle is, and my uncle is not rich enough. His eyes are not big enough, his nose is not straight enough, his mouth is not red enough, and his hands are so small and so short, I really don't know what my uncle likes about you. Can you eat it?" 

Cheng Yunling: Kill him. 

After trying to hypnotize herself several times in the bottom of her heart, she took a deep breath and squeezed out a smile"Time is short, then we'll make a deal. I'll take off the order quickly. You don't have to worry about me when you Aunt 

Aunt, she said this word, especially gnashing teeth. 

This is absolutely true. 

As a great nephew like Shi Qing, she has no luck to live with. 

It's also good that Cheng Yunling himself is a little interested in the hero in the play. Before, she always felt that a girl was embarrassed to open her mouth. 

But now 

In order to get rid of the snake spirit disease of Shiqing, open your mouth. 

This male No.2 also likes Cheng Yunling, but before that, when Qing was so ambitious in pursuit, Cheng Yunling didn't treat him like he did before because of saving his life. He thought he was dead. 

I didn't expect that life is really great joy, great sorrow and great joy, is in the pain of lovelorn, the goddess automatically delivered to the door. 

Two people quickly get close, but after all is a star, also did not announce the news, plans to find a suitable time to announce again. 

This can make some people misunderstand. 

Zheng Xuexue is overjoyed that he has found the evidence of Cheng Yunling's cheating. 

Tan Mingjin is worried about whether Cheng Yunling will feel uncomfortable when he looks for someone else. Although Xiaoqing has always been disgusted with Cheng Yunling, Shi Qing has been chasing Cheng Yunling for so many days. Cheng Yunling has turned to other people's arms, and he may feel more miserable if he loves face. 

Recently, Tan Mingjin, who has to work with Shiqing video every day, hesitates for less than a second, and decides to visit Shiqing in person. 

Just came, just ran into Zheng Xuexue's accusation scene. 

Seeing Tan Mingjin, Zheng Xuexue is more happy. What's this called! Kill two birds with one stone! 

She Balabala said that Cheng Yunling ate from the bowl, looked at the pot and looked at the basin. 

As a result, the two who should have been furious did not respond. 

Shi Qing looks proud to see Tan Mingjin. 

He pursues the beautiful woman to all run away, still so proud to do what!! 

Tan Mingjin looks at Shiqing with a smile. 

And on his shoulders, he danced happily with his little waist, and his face was just like the hours of blooming. 

Zheng Xuexue: "it's a little time. Cheng Yunling did it. Ah, it's too much. I can't even see it." 

No one paid attention to her. 

She was embarrassed for a few seconds and then went on: "Mr. Tan, are you here? It seems that you and Cheng Yunling have a good relationship. Did you know the news of her love? " 

No one paid attention to her. 

Zheng Xuexue gritted her teeth firmly and continued: "although she and I are good friends, I really can't agree with her about some things. In fact Oh, forget it. I can't say that... " 

She was waiting for Shi Qing or tan Mingjin to ask her a question, so that she could go on dancing. As a result, no one looked at her. 

Finally, Tan Mingjin moved. 

Zheng Xuexue's heart is happy, open mouth: "Tan Dong, I..." 

However, the slender man didn't even look at her, until he was in front of Shiqing. 

With a smile, he reached out and rubbed the youth's head, and his tone was doting: 

"now, are you at ease?" 

Zheng Xuexue: 

All right. 

She's a transparent person.





 "No, I don't care." 

The young man held his arms in his arms, his expression was cold and his words disdained. All over his body, he was full of the four big words "I don't care". 

Tan Mingjin looked at the soft smile on his shoulder. She twisted her waist and tried to make a pole dance out of thin air. She could not help laughing. 

How can this child be so awkward. 

Because the heart of seeing is soft, the man kneaded again. 

"Why? I'm not a child. I always touch my head and get bored." 

No matter how you look at it, it looks like a rebellious teenager. Shiqing shakes his head with displeasure, but I don't know whether his strength of shaking his head is too small, or tan Mingjin doesn't let go. The slender big hand still firmly falls on his head and rubs his soft hair with his action. 

Even Zheng Xuexue, a transparent man on one side, looked at him and felt that Tan Dong must be angry. 

Tan Mingjin is famous for his bad behavior. He started from scratch to now, of course, he is not a fuel-efficient lamp. 

How dare you treat him with such an attitude 

Zheng Xuexue always felt that she was going to see the scene of domestic violence. 

However 

Tan Mingjin's smile didn't even fall off her lips, her eyes were still soft, and her magnetic voice was full of tenderness: 

"we haven't seen each other for so long. My uncle wants to be close to you." 

Shi Qing's face is full of impatience, which vividly shows what is called "the accomplishment of an unfilial son". His tone is also full of impatience: 

"meat does not numb you." 

"Forget it." The eldest young master seemed to be merciful, and glanced at Tan Mingjin: "since you like it, I'll try my best. But you count the time. Every ten seconds, you will buy me a new car." 

Along with his voice, Tan Mingjin's ear sounded the babbling sound of the hour, which was tender and full of joy: 

"Yaya Yaya." 

His cat like slightly squint eyes, white face full of enjoyment and happiness, small mouth while babbling, while trying to stand on tiptoe, so that uncle can better touch his head. 

Feel comfortable, but also gently turn around, open small hands, babbling to embrace. 

"Twenty seconds, two cars, more than thirty seconds, give me twice as much money every month, and forty seconds is twice as much." 

Tan Mingjin was fascinated by the appearance of the mind, always with a smile, a pair of "yes, yes, it is my home, I do not want to touch my head, it is my own must touch" and appearance. 

"All right. Here you go." 

The movement of the two people is not small, or there are two or three people to see. 

They who witnessed the scene said, "well 

The world of rich people is really puzzling. 

It's enough for Shi Qing and Xiao Qing to clear the hair. The man rubs the young man's hair before he takes it back. Then he asks: 

"would you like to go to dinner?" 

"I don't really want to eat, but since you want to eat uncle, I'll accompany you, so as not to be told that I'm not good to you." 

The young master was condescending. 

Tan Mingjin looked at the same proud face on his shoulder and raised his chin, but his small eyes glanced at himself. His white face was full of eager hour Qing, and he wanted to laugh again. 

"Uncle, when we leave, we'd better stop at home, right." 

They left. 

Zheng Xuexue, who has been standing there all the time, has never been looked at by them. No matter what he says, Zheng Xuexue is ignored 

This is not to let her most angry, the most angry is, just can pretend to be just passing by a few people immediately heated discussion. 

"My mother, twenty-four filial piety uncle, didn't you say that Tan Dong was very cold? I have a good temper. " 

"Gao Leng is true, but there are also different people. At least last time I met Tan Dong, he was really very cold." 

"Shishao is really lucky. He is not the second generation rich, but he is still so favored. Although he is said to be the nephew of Mr. Tan, he is not married and has no children. In the future, the family property of Tan's group will be his." 

"No, I didn't say that Tan Dong and Shi Shao had a bad relationship with Mr. Cheng before? I watched it very well. Before that, I had video with Mr. Tan every day. I didn't know how to be intimate. If Mr. Cheng married less, he would be married into a rich family. " 

Zheng Xuexue in the side more listen to more angry. 

These people don't know, can she still not know? 

Cheng Yunling had already left Shiqing and was with other men. 

They farted in such an envious tone. 

Even if the bottom of my heart how to identify Cheng Yunling and others together, but think of her just so hard on the eye medicine, Shi Qing just as did not hear, including Tan Dong are a pair of blind look, she can not settle down.Seeing those people talking more and more happy, she wanted to directly announce that Cheng Yunling had a boyfriend, but Zheng Xuexue told Shi Qing that it was a gossip at most. 

If you tell the staff, it is appropriate to spread rumors. 

When that time is exposed directly on the Internet, the reputation will definitely disappear. 

Zheng Xuexue's face is twisted, endure and endure, endure again and again. 

Finally, I couldn't help it. I tried not to twist my expression and cough a few times. 

Staff a: "Shi Shao Bala, Cheng teacher Balabala, Tan Dong Balabala." 

Zheng Xuexue: Cough, cough. " 

Staff B: "yes, yes, sometimes balabalabala..." 

Zheng Xuexue: 

Taking a few deep breaths, she said, "cough, cough!" 

Staff member C: "and Tan Dong, he balabalabala..." 

Zheng Xuexue: 

She could no longer control her anger and growled in a twisted look: "are you blind?"?!! Can't you hear me 

There was silence. 

Zheng Xuexue suddenly wakes up. As expected, all the staff are shocked and staring at her blankly. There are some people in the distance who have not noticed this side, but are attracted by her roar. People who come over look at her. 

Zheng Xuexue: 

She covered her face in confusion and hurriedly headed for her room. 

Today's incident will be posted online. 

She yelled at the crew at the shooting scene, and the company didn't praise her. She would not try so hard to help her wash. 

When her reputation on the Internet is bad, directors will not ask her to shoot TV dramas, and advertisements will not dare to ask her to shoot because of her bad reputation. 

Zheng Xuexue's mentality completely collapsed. 

Isn't she just trying to sell Cheng Yunling and frame her and step on her superior position?? 

How did this happen!! 

Obviously, Cheng Yunling had the courage to find a boyfriend when he was less than pursuing her. 

And I heard that Tan Dong liked her very much. 

Now that she has a boyfriend, shouldn't they express their anger?? 

Shouldn't you feel offended or despised? 

No matter how bad it is, revenge on Cheng Yunling's boyfriend! 

This pair is completely unaffected. It seems that both of them are happy to see it. What kind of trouble are they going to make!!!! 

This Cheng Yunling, she is to these two people under the head down it!!! 

"I won't have my head lowered, will I? You can meet him everywhere 

rarely make complaints about the movie today. She specially asked the director to ask for leave, and wine and dine with her boyfriend. She talked about her ideal of life. When she was tucking away, she was so clear that she was so young that Cheng Yunling didn't eat her two. She saw Tan Mingjin coming in with her. 

As soon as he saw the young man who was better than himself, had better skin than himself, and was slender, as if he had been born and raised in the palm of his hand, he strode in, and Cheng Yunling's reflexive stomach began to sound "I'm hungry.". 

I can't help it. I don't know if he hasn't been in love before. 

It doesn't matter if he wants to show affection. 

But the problem, as if in the eyes of the master, there is only one way to show love. 

Feed. 

Sometimes Cheng Yunling even thought that Shi Qing was not happy with her and deliberately fattened her. 

"What's the matter?" 

Seeing her howling, her boyfriend turned around strangely. When she saw Shi Qing coming in, her face suddenly showed sympathy: 

"why don't we change our family?" 

"Forget it, another family has to guard against paparazzi." 

Cheng Yunling and their choice of this restaurant also has a reason. This restaurant only receives celebrities or powerful people. There is no camera in the restaurant, and the staff have signed a confidentiality agreement. 

Every guest who comes in will be scanned by the instrument to make sure that they don't bring any recording pen, camera or other things into the restaurant. 

Although they agreed not to announce their love for the time being, they didn't plan to hide all the time. They couldn't eat a meal all the time. So they made an appointment to come to this restaurant. If they changed places now, they couldn't find a suitable substitute. 

And 

Cheng Yunling is hungry. 

Originally, she had eaten eight full, but now she has to continue to eat. After eating, she must gain weight. It's miserable. 

Cheng Yunling: "eat these before you go, here is a strong privacy, they may not be able to see us." 

My boyfriend nodded: "but there is almost no sound insulation here. I hope they don't sit around us." 

Cheng Yunling smiles and waves his hand. "It's not so clever." 

As soon as she finished speaking, she felt a burning sight falling on her body. 

Cheng Yunling subconsciously raised his eyes and met the young man's eyes full of thieves."She said 

These two people actually sat opposite them 

In terms of pattern, Cheng Yunling and her boyfriend sit face to face, while Shi Qing and Tan Mingjin sit face to face. From Cheng Yunling's point of view, Shi Qing can be seen. 

As soon as Tan Mingjin sat down, she found that the young man who had been groomed by his hair had risen up again. She looked like a murderous man. Even when she was young, she was sitting lazily and suddenly stood up. She was holding her small fist and waving at him. 

What's the matter? This is? 

The man subconsciously wants to turn around, but suddenly says: "uncle, this watermelon looks delicious, I feed you." 

Tan Mingjin was stiff. 

And what's going on in the brain is the body's instinctive response. 

Although he didn't understand why he was feeding him, he would be stiff. 

Because Tan Mingjin didn't object, Shiqing thought he agreed. 

He was also very happy, picked up a watermelon with a toothpick and handed it to the man's mouth: "uncle, ah." 

Tan Mingjin's body seems to be playing anesthetic, so stiff sitting there, slowly open thin lips. 

The watermelon was sent to his mouth. 

The young man in front of him was happy again. If he had a tail, he would have been very proud. 

Tan Mingjin did not pay attention to these at all, his sight has been in the red lips and white hands. 

"Uncle, I remember you like to eat strawberries, and this strawberry is also for you." 

He looked down carefully and picked the biggest and reddest strawberry on the plate. When he picked it out, he raised his eyes and laughed at Tan Mingjin. 

"Uncle, how about this strawberry?" 

Tan Mingjin inexplicably felt dry throat. 

Voice also seems to be a bit hoarse: "good." 

The young man was happy again. He picked up the strawberries with his slender white fingers and handed them to the man's lips. 

When Tan Mingjin bit off the strawberry, her lip accidentally touched the white fingertip. 

Hour Qing fork waist, very proud of the appearance, full of face full of show off, as if he did not find his fingertip was so unintentionally touched. 

But the man's body was stiff for a moment. 

Full of brain, then only left that soft, tender touch. 

He was numbly chewing the strawberries that he handed over. The young man in the opposite side was still very serious and continued to select the food that he thought was delicious and good-looking from the fruit plate. 

While feeding, he asked: "uncle, is it delicious? Is it that the fruit I feed is more delicious 

Tan Mingjin looked at the water moistening eyes and the smile without evil thoughts. In her heart, it seemed that thousands of wild horses had run through, which was a mess. 

His voice was obscure: "delicious." 

Shi Qing was really full of joy. He wanted to make a promise. He asked again, "am I the only one who has fed you like this, but we are the two closest in the world. You will not let others feed you in the future, will you?" 

These words 

It's not like a nephew told his uncle. 

It's like, sweetheart 

The man moved in his heart and looked at the young man sitting opposite. 

Shi Qing looks forward to his reply. 

Hour Qing is also full of anticipation and tension, holding a small fist, can't wait to look at him. 

Tan Mingjin seems to be able to feel the flow of blood in his body, he sat stiff in place, even though the wild horses in his heart ran past a group and a group. 

Even if you know it clearly, such a promise can't give him a child. 

But with the beating heart, the man still nodded. 

"Yes." 

"Aaaah!" 

Hour clear suddenly made a gesture of celebration, very happy. 

Looking at his happy appearance, Tan Mingjin also quietly stretched out a trace of hope that he did not know whether to exist or not. 

These days, he is more and more aware of the wrong mentality. 

He used to dream at night, he always dreamed that when he was a child, he witnessed his mother's death again and again, and the desolate cemetery. 

But recently, he always dreams of Shiqing. 

At the beginning, it was a lively young boy. 

Later, is always full of rebellious, and constantly make trouble, do not know the repentance of the youth. 

Finally, it became the present one, always inexplicably angry, and inexplicably happy, when the child's temper is clear. 

From here on, the dream slowly changed. 

He dreamt that Shiqing was smiling at him like Xiaoqing. Sometimes he would cry and cry, and he would bury himself in his arms at the same time. 

Crying and crying, the young man said in a low and pitiful voice with a choking voice"Uncle, you don't want me." 

Tan Mingjin thought, how can, how can I not you, I know how good you are, know how soft your shell full of spines. 

But the dream of him, but stretched out his hand to hold the youth's waist, and bent over to hold him on the bed. 

Tan Mingjin knew the dream was wrong. 

It shouldn't be like this. 

How could he 

How can I have evil thoughts about this child raised by myself. 

But even if the heart again how to think of and time Qing to open a distance, when he was proud to call the video phone, Tan Mingjin did not want to refuse. 

He can only bury the bad thought of himself under the proud smile of Shiqing. 

Tell yourself again and again. 

There is no such thing. 

He can restrain himself. 

He can always be a good uncle of Shiqing. 

He can always keep the time and see him become a family and a career. 

But right now, the child asked him for such a promise. 

Shi Qing is so happy about this promise, does it mean that 

Tan Mingjin is rarely nervous. 

The man seems to have a normal look on his face, and even slightly changed his posture. His left hand, placed under the table, trembles a little excitedly because of the idea of indulging in it. 

Shi Qing asked him for a promise. 

He did. 

At that time, will you catch it? 

When Qing is very proud to face to face to look over, is full of face indescribable expression, Cheng Yunling shows a disdainful smile. 

Cheng Yunling roughly translated it. 

The meaning of this smile is: Coco, my uncle only eats the fruit I feed, you're done. 

She was almost speechless. 

How can this young master still insist on separating her and Tan Dong. 

No, no, no, no! 

She and Tan Dong have never been together, OK? For such a long time, she also said a word or two when she asked for help from him last time. 

And it was that time that I was watched by Shi Qing. 

Not a month, though. 

But it's been more than half a month. 

Half a month!! 

She has been tossed fat five Jin, it is not easy to find a boyfriend to keep the weight of ah!! 

Originally full of thought that when Qing always should be at ease, the result came again. 

This young master's mind is too strong not to want his aunt. 

Cheng Yunling: No, I have to help myself. 

Her eyes fell on the steak on the table. 

He cut a piece of steak, softened his voice, and handed the fork to her boyfriend's mouth: 

"ah Zhi, I'll feed you." 

Her boyfriend was quite flattered. He opened his mouth and ate it. He looked at the woman with love in his eyes. He also cut a piece of beef and sent it to Cheng Yunling's mouth: 

"you also eat it. I cut it thin and it's delicious." 

Cheng Yunling smiles and opens his mouth to eat. 

At the same time because of her boyfriend's considerate and contented, at the same time thinking. 

They all show their love. Shiqing should rest assured. 

After swallowing this piece of beef, Cheng Yunling looks up at ease. 

Then on the big and small eyes of the fire. 

Cheng Yunling: 

"Uncle, I feed you, you also want to feed me." 

Cheng Yunling: 

Huh??? 

"You like to eat the fruits here, and I'll have them prepared at home every day." 

At the same time, he also gently wiped the corners of the youth's mouth with a handkerchief. His actions should be more precious and more gentle. 

After wiping the corners of his mouth and eating the apple, his expression became more and more proud. He raised his chin to Cheng Yunling haughtily, looking like "I can be much better than you". 

Cheng Yunling: 

It's hard to understand what Shi Qing was thinking. This time she finally got what the young master was thinking in his not so smart brain. 

Obviously, she tried to get rid of the "Auntie reserve" just now, feeding her boyfriend beef, and being fed beef by her boyfriend, was recognized by Shi Qing as showing off. 

This young master is not willing to be outdone. 

This is to follow the comparison. 

After thinking about it clearly, Cheng Yunling is almost like a black question mark. 

No, what can be compared to this?? 

She's a boyfriend!!! 

That's your uncle!!! 

You should not see me and my boyfriend so loving, immediately rest assured, put down the pig knife, and then let my body dog life??It's too childish to compete in such a competition. The kindergarten children can't play like this. 

Just want to finish, Cheng Yunling again face-to-face contact with the face of the youth disdain. 

His eyes and manner almost put "you are a garbage" on his face. 

Tan Mingjin handed over another strawberry. She didn't eat it directly, but played with it. She played with the strawberry in her hand. She also put it in Cheng Yunling's place. 

Cheng Yunling: 

I can't bear it. I can't bear it! 

She took a deep breath, soft voice, Jiao didi looked at her boyfriend: "I want to eat, you cut me again." 

Shi Qing was sure to keep up with him immediately and softened his voice. However, he didn't ask for anything soft. Instead, he was full of arrogance: 

"I want to eat, uncle, you can feed me again." 

Tan Mingjin looked at the young man in front of her, and her lovely little appearance with her waist on her shoulder, and her eyes were gentle. 

This kid. 

When he feeds him fruit, does that make Shiqing so happy? 

Yes, after all, houqing likes to rely on him so much. 

"Good." 

"Uncle will give you whatever you want." 

He fed the fruit in the past. The young man was very happy and obedient, and even opened his mouth to eat. 

This appearance, unexpectedly let Tan Mingjin have a kind of doubt that she is dreaming for a time. 

Finally, when Shi Qingguang was eating fruit, he was already belching. When he reclined comfortably on the chair, he couldn't restrain his thoughts. The man was nervous and expectant and asked: 

"Shiqing, you seem to be different today than before." 

"Yes." 

The young people admitted it naturally. 

Tan Mingjin's slender hands on the table suddenly clenched, with a beating heart, full of hope to look at the people in front. 

"Uncle, look at the back. Cheng Yunling is there. I can't lose to her." 

Tan Mingjin: 

He felt his heart was going to stop. 

Eating and propping up, he was remorseful of how he had been infected. So naive Cheng Yunling suddenly heard the roll call and raised his eyes blankly. 

Then on the tan Mingjin to see the dead line of sight. 

It's cold. It's scary. 

Cheng Yunling: 

Huh???





 If there is anything to describe Tan Mingjin's inner activities, it is probably bungee jumping up and down, and finally landed on the ground, and could not jump up again. 

And everything is because of the woman in front of her, Cheng Yunling. 

He doesn't know what happened between Shiqing and Cheng Yunling in this short time. He only knows that the attention of houqing falls on Cheng Yunling at the moment. 

It's not the previous bah, bah, and there is no resentment or anger. 

Just now, Shiqing even invited two people to sit on their side. They met by chance and had a chat. 

The little guy even smiles like a flower and winks at Cheng Yunling with his small waist. 

Squeeze! Eyebrows! Do it! Eyes! 

She has never been so lively treated by Xiaoqing, and her heart is complicated. 

Looking at Cheng Yunling again, he also looked at the youth. They looked at him in front of him. 

Even though he knew that Cheng Yunling had a boyfriend, and that Shi Qing once hated and rejected her, the man who had taken Shi Qing's full attention away from him was still a little unhappy. 

He is a person who has a bottom line. Although he is not happy in his heart, he has no malice to Cheng Yunling. 

It's just not pleasing to the eye. 

"Ha ha Ha ha, Mr. Tan, it's a coincidence 

Cheng Yunling felt great pressure. 

Before she thought, when the Qing has been very difficult to deal with, did not expect Tan Mingjin more people Alexander. 

He gave her a look and she was stiff. 

There is always a feeling of being watched by a beast, and it is the kind of beast that looks at her very much. 

Cheng Yunling is trembling and crying at the bottom of his heart. 

She has met Tan Mingjin once in real life. Even though sometimes Shiqing has a video call with her uncle, she is also the background board. 

How can tan Dong look at her so unfriendly now, just like the hatred between them. 

Although Shi Qing has always been a look at her unhappy appearance, but get along with a long time, Cheng Yunling can also feel, this is a primary school chicken. 

Elementary school chicken doesn't like your way, that is, all kinds of expressions, Wang's disdain, the big deal as not to see. 

Tan Mingjin is different. 

This is a real rich generation, step by step. 

It's strange that Cheng Yunling is not afraid to be looked at with such cold eyes. 

Naturally, Tan Mingjin also realized Cheng Yunling's fear of himself. She took a look at Shi Qing, who was looking at Cheng Yunling with pride. His eyebrows became tighter and tighter: 

"it's very clever." 

The man's voice is magnetic and steady: "is this Miss Cheng's boyfriend?" 

Cheng Yunling quickly replied, "yes, this is my boyfriend." 

Seeing her happy to admit, Tan Mingjin's mood is a little better, the cold in the eyes is also slightly eased. 

Aware of the warming atmosphere, Cheng Yunling breathed a sigh of relief. 

This uncle and nephew are really the same strange temper, well behaved, she did not do anything. 

She is thinking, aware that "Cheng Yunling has a boyfriend is equal to when Qing will not have any idea of Cheng Yunling." Tan Mingjin slightly relaxed to see Shiqing. 

Then I found that when Qing's line of sight has been turning around Cheng Yunling, standing on the shoulder of the hour Qing is also a pair of eager to try the lovely appearance. 

Different from the concentration when talking to myself and feeding myself fruits just now, it seems that the youth at the moment can't see a tan Mingjin sitting opposite him. 

Tan Mingjin: 

Today, he came to eat alone with Shiqing. 

As a result, Shi Qing's attention has been attracted by Cheng Yunling in the past. 

If it was before, although Tan Mingjin would be sad in her heart, she would not think about anything else. 

But now, just as Shi Qing was just soft talking to him, feeding him after eating the fruit, she asked to be fed by him. Now, Tan Mingjin really doesn't want an outsider to destroy the atmosphere between them. 

His heart was blocked, but his face did not show his dissatisfaction with the youth's behavior. 

Shiqing is so obedient that he can't do anything wrong. 

How could he express his dissatisfaction with Shi Qing. 

To have dissatisfaction, of course, is to the outsider Cheng Yunling. 

Feeling a sudden decline in the atmosphere, and Tan Mingjin's poor look at Cheng Yunling:.... " 

She felt that something was wrong. 

"That..." 

Cheng Yunling slowly stood up and took her boyfriend's hand and was about to withdraw: "in fact, we've almost eaten enough, Tan Dong. Time is short. Then we'll go first. We'll talk about it next time we see each other." 

See her to go, the man's fierce eyes this just eased some. 

But then, he noticed that the sight of Shiqing has been falling on Cheng Yunling.no 

To be exact, it fell on the hand of Cheng Yunling and her boyfriend. 

The man casually hangs in one side of the slender big hand slightly flicked, wrung eyebrow to tell oneself: nothing, Cheng Yunling is about to leave. 

When they were gone, he asked Shi Qing what was wrong with Cheng Yunling, and how they were good, bad and good. 

Tan Mingjin thought well, but before Cheng Yunling took her boyfriend for a step, she sat quietly by the side and said, "my young master's evil charm is pulling cool, domineering and handsome", Shiqing suddenly says: 

"wait a minute." 

The young man slowly stood up and lifted his chin to Cheng Yunling, looking proud of his "little master's honor": 

"wait a minute. I want to ask you something." 

The man's slender right hand snapped at his fingertips. 

Even though he knew that he was not doing the right thing, he could not help but anger Cheng Yunling. 

As a result, Cheng Yunling felt the malice and anger of Tan Mingjin from the most popular oss of Tan's group. 

At this moment, in Cheng Yunling's eyes, Tan Mingjin is like a lion who has been infuriated. 

Although did not roar to rush up, but his body revealed that momentum, he looked at the eyes, let her fear from the bottom of her heart. 

It seems that the next moment, the lion sitting in silence can rush up and bite her throat. 

Cheng Yunling, who felt that he really didn't do anything at all, said: 

She really didn't provoke Tan Dong!!! 

She was wronged!! 

Fortunately, at this time, when Qing has come to her, also noticed Tan Mingjin look over the poor line of sight. 

The young man looked at his uncle and Cheng Yunling and asked, "uncle, what are you doing? It looks strange and frightening." 

Tan Mingjin immediately put away her sharp body and looked at Shi Qing, who was standing in front of her, and her arm on his shoulder, babbling as if she was crying out for cold Xiaoqing. Her eyes were gentle. 

The angry lion seems to have been groomed. Although his voice is still a little hoarse, it is absolutely gentle and harmless: 

"nothing. Don't delay Miss Cheng too much time. Go early and return early." 

Cheng Yunling felt that the crisis had been lifted and he breathed a sigh of relief. 

Although Shi Qing is very annoying and needs to be beaten, she would rather fight against Shi Qing, who owes his mouth to others and deserves to be beaten, rather than Tan Dong, who usually does not show his mountain and dew, and who is a murderer. 

System: [Ding! Cheng Yunling's rejection degree: 65] 

Shi Qing: [how can there be 65? How hard I try to give her delicious food these days? Isn't this a great favor for her who usually wants to eat and is not allowed to eat? ] 

System: [ However, she still wants to lose weight when she is fat ] 

Shi Qing: [tut Tut, so to say, women. ] 

he stopped talking to the system and looked directly at Tan Mingjin. 

"Just a few words, what time can be lost." As always, the young man turned his mouth and raised his chin at Cheng Yunling: 

"if he left, he was still in a daze to do something." 

"Oh, oh." 

A beast that seems to kill her quietly at any time, and a fat rabbit that squeaks every day, Cheng Yunling of course chooses rabbits. 

She couldn't help but follow when big little behind, to her boyfriend made a wink. 

Honey, don Tan doesn't mean anything to you. Just bear it. 

Boy friend:.... " 

He is also a member of the entertainment industry. Of course, he knows Tan Mingjin's identity and general status. 

Sitting beside Tan Mingjin at the moment, he just felt uncomfortable. 

Sitting awkwardly and silent for a while, he glanced at the silence beside him and dropped his eyes. Tan Mingjin, a handsome face, did not know what he thought of, and showed a slight smile. He felt that his embarrassment and cancer were almost committed. 

My boyfriend thought about it and decided to find a topic to break the embarrassment. 

He also saw what kind of attitude was towards Tan Mingjin's uncle just now when he was in the Qing Dynasty. To be nice, he was not very sensible, and that was not filial piety. 

as like as two peas, he had a little nephew, who was spoiled, and every day was a little bully. He was just like the big boy who was so eager to bear his chin. 

Maybe it's something in common. 

Thinking like this, he coughed dry, a little nervous: "when little, is he usually like this?" 

When she was just talking to Shi Qing, she was lying on her shoulder, rolling around to find her own little shape. Tan Mingjin's eyes were more smiling: 

"yes, he is also so cute and cute." 

Cheng Yunling's boyfriend: 

Cute??? 

Cute??? 

When big or little??!! 

Boy friend:.... " 

Sure enough, the younger generation is a little bully, because in the eyes of the elders, they are always good everywhere.Fortunately, he and Yunling can see clearly. 

"Wait a minute, wait a minute." Cheng Yunling's face was blank: "you mean, ask me how to let a person like you?" 

Shi Qing's face was arrogant: "didn't I make it clear to you? Tell me quickly. " 

"No Cheng Yunling broke a little bit: "I'm not a love expert, how can I know?" 

"Don't you know you took off the bill so quickly? How long has it been? You two are so close. You feed me and I feed you. I can see it 

"You don't want to bluff me" on the young man's face, urging: "tell me quickly, how can you and he become?" 

Cheng Yunling: 

She is where you feed me, I feed you, clearly is at that time do not know how to return a responsibility by time Qing to infect primary school chicken infantile power. 

But seeing the youth in front of a "you don't want to muddle through" appearance, she can only put her and her boyfriend's love process said. 

To sum up, she had a good feeling for her boyfriend before, and just at the right time, she said that she would let her (her body) off the list, so she simply went to her boyfriend to confess. 

As a result, her boyfriend also secretly fell in love with her, so the two of them were the king of heaven and the earth tiger. No, they fell in love with each other. 

Speaking of this, we have to thank Shiqing. If it wasn't for his chicken behavior in primary school, Cheng Yunling would not have the courage to go to the person he secretly loves to confess. 

After listening to Cheng Yunling's brief introduction, Shi Qing looks contemplative. 

Cheng Yunling saw him like this, and cautiously said: "that what, nothing, I will go back first, my boyfriend is still waiting for me." 

"No way." 

Shi Qing pulled her down. 

The eldest young master's face was angry and very unhappy: "who let you just deliberately show love in front of me, you don't help me to think of a way, do not want to kiss and love your boyfriend." 

Cheng Yunling: "no, I took off the bill according to your order. Why don't you let me go? I can tell you that I've gained five Jin. Even if you put the knife on my neck this time, I won't eat more!" 

Be sure! 

Confident! 

When Qing cruel smile: "I don't force you to eat, I give you and your boyfriend good resources, you shoot in the East for half a year, he in the West for half a year, I don't have a boyfriend, so you and your boyfriend separated from two places." 

Cheng Yunling: A vicious threat. 

Chicken is not terrible. 

I'm afraid this guy is too young and powerful. 

What evil did she do in her last life? Only in this life did she stand such a primary school chicken to torture her. 

She compromised. 

"Well, I'll try it. If you like Wait, boyfriend 

After knowing later, I realized that what Qing just said was that Cheng Yunling, a boy friend, had a strong spirit. 

"Tut." 

When big little still a face should beat disdain, cold hiss: "less see more strange." 

After realizing that Qing was serious, Cheng Yunling's resentment of being "cruelly treated" by Shiqing these days seemed to dissipate in an instant. 

No wonder when qingneng so cruel with high calorie food to deal with her such a beautiful girl, it is because this likes a man. 

She has seen a lot in the entertainment industry, but instead of forcing Shi Qing's sexual orientation, she jumps over this level and asks, "is this man you like? Is he a straight man?" 

Shi Qing: "I don't know." 

Cheng Yunling: "this generally can be seen, such as he has made a girlfriend, or a boyfriend?" 

Shi Qing: "no, he has always been single." 

Cheng Yunling touches his chin. It seems to be a more pure type. 

Yeah, isn't that what it's all about in novels? 

For example, when the Qing Dynasty such a big family, the most favorite is pure love type. 

"Does Cheng Yunling continue to be close to him 

When big little is a skilled lift chin, very proud of the appearance: "of course close, we live together." 

Cheng Yunling: Cohabitation? " 

No, they live together and ask her what to do. 

When big little just quite proud of the look really changed, a little not too happy to see Cheng Yunling, depressed way: "just live together." 

Cheng Yunling: tut tut. 

Sure enough, love makes people blind. Like the young master of Shiqing, he can rent with the people he likes for the sake of love. 

Cheng Yunling, who has played several idol dramas, quickly imagined in his mind a beautiful young man with a delicate and beautiful appearance (otherwise, when most and young people would like it), pure temperament (never falling in love) and poor family (otherwise, how could they rent together). 

The title of the play has been figured out: the little gray boy when he is domineering. 

This name will sell well after it is shown!Fortunately, although she thought far away, Cheng Yunling had not forgotten the business. She continued to ask: 

"did you have physical contact when you shared the rent? Such as touching the hand, touching the leg and so on, how did he react? Do you want to avoid it or not? " 

According to Cheng Yunling's experience, the more straight a man is, the less he cares about touching with the same sex. 

There are even people who make fun of themselves. 

If you avoid it, it is estimated that 80% of this innocent and poor American boy has a little interest in Shiqing. 

The young man in front of him was pondering on his face, stretched out his slender white fingers and counted them one by one: 

"he touched my head, touched it many times, and helped me cover the quilt, fed me fruit, and I also fed him. Is this really close?" 

With his description, Cheng Yunling immediately came up with such a picture in his mind. 

The beautiful boy gently smiles and touches Shiqing's head. His other hand passes the fruit to his mouth. When he goes to sleep, Shiqing lies on the bed and closes his eyes. The beautiful boy covers his quilt gently and carefully. 

What a beautiful love this is. 

Cheng Yunling is very sure: "he absolutely has a play for you." 

Youth spirit a shock, beautiful eyes are bright some: "really?" 

Seeing him so happy, Cheng Yunling was strangely happy for him. She nodded her head again: "really, a straight man will not often touch another man's head, and feed fruit to help cover the quilt. He has done this to you, and it must be interesting to you." 

As he spoke, Cheng Yunling sighed in his heart. 

Well, being a man, being able to do this to another man. 

This beautiful boy may also be secretly in love with Shiqing in the bottom of his heart. 

It's like she and her boyfriend. 

I didn't say it before. No one knew that they liked each other for a long time. 

Cheng Yunling urged Shi Qing: "shishao, if you are afraid that I'm not right, you can directly tell him if he likes you?" 

Speaking of this, Shi Qing's original joy faded slowly, and changed into timidity: "I dare not. If he doesn't like me, I confess to him, what should he do if he drives me out?" 

As a young master, is he afraid that he can't afford to rent a room? 

See how humble love can be. 

Cheng Yunling sighed that even Shiqing, a young master who was not afraid of heaven and earth, was afraid that he would not be close to the people he liked. 

Ah, although it's a primary school chicken, it's also a poor primary school chicken who is not bad at heart and is trapped in love. 

Ding! Cheng Yunling's rejection degree: 60 out of 100] 

Cheng Yunling: "otherwise, you can try out others if you don't directly say so." 

When the majority of the blink blankly, at the moment it is showing some spoiled grow up do not know the appearance of the world. 

Maybe it's because I have something to ask for, even the voice is soft. 

"How can we try? You teach me, if you help me, I will repay you in the future 

He was beautiful, with delicate facial features, red lips and white teeth. As soon as his appearance of pulling 250000 yuan was restrained, it was revealed that this painting easily provoked women's maternal hair. 

Ding! Cheng Yunling's rejection: 59 out of 100] 

[Ding! Cheng Yunling's rejection: 58 out of 100] 

[Ding! Cheng Yunling's exclusion: 55 out of 100] 

is important if you make complaints about it. Before this beautiful face that shows a hesitant and restless look, Cheng Yunling's dissatisfaction with time and Tucao is just like that she ate. 

There is no more. 

She patted her chest: "it's very simple. In this case, you listen to me. When you sit with him, you reach out and hold his hand. Hand in hand, you know, it's the kind of ten fingers clasped together to see how he reacts." 

Shi Qing hesitated: "is this a trial? Isn't that equivalent to a direct statement? " 

"Temptation comes by little. If you shake hands with him, he reacts very much, you say you are joking." 

Shi Qing: "will he believe it?" 

"So you need a prop." 

Cheng Yunling patted himself confidently: "well, in our good relationship, I will accompany you to see him. When he reacts greatly, you say you are joking, and I will laugh with him, saying that I have discussed with you to make fun of him. With me, he will surely believe it." 

What she vowed to do was mainly to see what this beautiful young man who was so arrogant in the Qing Dynasty liked. 

Must be a pure feeling, say two words on the blush, white and tender little cute bar. 

Cheng Yunling's idea is infallible indeed. Shida Shao nodded quickly, and his face was firm: 

"OK! Just do what you sayHis face of Affirmation: "you don't worry, you help me find a way, I will not treat you badly, you and your boyfriend, I will let the company push." 

Cheng Yunling's eyes brightened, and she didn't push away with affectation. Of course, she had to take the chance to earn money with her own skull! 

"Don't worry about it. It will definitely be detected! I will be very cooperative 

"Well, let's go in." 

Cheng Yunling thought Shi Qing meant to let her go in and take her boyfriend. He nodded happily: "ah!" 

Together they returned to their positions. 

As soon as Cheng Yunling reached for the bag to withdraw, he saw the young man standing up with her boyfriend and sat down beside Tan Mingjin. He stretched out his hand and held the man's big hand. 

The one with ten fingers clasped. 

Cheng Yunling: 

She stood in the same place, full of brain is just when Qing said. 

Touch the head, feed the fruit, cover the quilt. 

These are things that a normal man does not do to another normal man. 

But an uncle can take care of his nephew like this 

Cheng Yunling: 

Me! Yes! Mom! Ah! 

"Bang!" 

When he saw Shiqing sitting down beside him, he was looking at the man with a smile. When he was holding his hand, his body was stiff. The other hand that was holding the cup was shaking. The cup fell down and made a crisp sound. 

Water trickled from the cup to the table. 

His heart is pounding and his eyes are complex and gentle. 

Finally, the man eased over and opened his mouth: "when..." 

Shiqing immediately pulled back his hand: "ha ha ha ha ha, I'm joking!" 

"Cheng Yunling says it's fun. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!" 

With that, he turned his head and looked at Cheng Yunling, who was confused. He frowned and urged him in a low voice: 

"why don't you smile? Smile quickly." 

Cheng Yunling: Ha, ha, ha... " 

She felt that she was on the verge of death. 

The innocent and lovely gray boy in my mind has been covered with black smoke by Tan Mingjin 

Completely replace.





 Cheng Yunling always felt that the black breath was hovering over Tan Mingjin. 

At the moment, she has no resources in her mind and no happiness of "making money from the skull". 

It's all kinds of information that is tangled in her skull like a ball of wool. 

Shi Qing likes his uncle. 

She encouraged him to pursue love boldly. 

Now the time is clear, not to say, but also drag her into the water. 

Anyway, he is his nephew. No matter how angry Tan Dong is, he will not do anything excessive to Shiqing. 

But she is not necessarily an outsider. 

At this moment, this situation, Cheng Yunling's mind only one word. 

Run!!! 

"Mr. Tan, it's a little time. Ah Zhi and I have to rush back to the production team. Then, we won't disturb you much. Let's go first. See you next time." 

With that, she was like a rabbit who was chased out. She couldn't wait to pull her boyfriend with a blank face and didn't know what happened. 

This time, when the goal was achieved, Qing did not stop him, but leaned back as if nothing had happened, and looked at the man sitting opposite innocently and blankly. 

Maybe it was an outsider who left. Tan Mingjin's face was really dark and frightening. His voice softened again. With a little begging spirit, he played with a smile and said to himself: 

"uncle, you are not angry with me, or you are a joke. Don't be so small." 

No! So! 

Small! 

Also thanks to tan Mingjin is her own all the way up the mentality is very stable to live, otherwise today's back and forth of so many, if changed into a bad mentality, it is estimated that can be directly in front of this heartless cub in the past. 

In one day, she was in such a high and low mood. If she was changed to someone else, Tan Mingjin would have turned her face. 

However, even if the bottom of my heart is sulky, when I contact him, I will be so mean and arrogant that she won't really do anything against him. The anger in the man's heart is inexplicable. 

He moved his hands slightly. It seemed that there was still the youth's temperature in the palm with thin cocoon. 

Shiqing has always been a skipper. From childhood to adulthood, she is restless. Her body is not empty at all. Unlike Tan Mingjin, although she has never stopped exercising, she still likes to be quiet and her hands are not as hot as Shiqing. 

Just when he was held, the palm of his hand was also hot. 

With the heart are warm down. 

But it's just a joke. 

At the moment, his palms have returned to their own temperature, and Tan Mingjin's heart is slightly disappointed. She doesn't know whether it is because Shiqing released his hand or because he knows that this is just a joke. 

The small face was full of care, even revealed a little pity. Now, the ruddy little mouth is not like before, but slightly pursed, very cautious and pitiful. 

Tan Mingjin heart left a little anger also in such eyes slowly dissipated. 

He didn't think of it as a double arrow. He only thought that the kid knew that the joke was over played and he was afraid that his uncle would be angry. 

At the thought of this, the look on the man's face sank again. 

I'll drive when I know he's angry. 

I really don't know what kind of soup Cheng Yunling poured into Shiqing. This kind of joke can coax him to play. 

His heart was sour and astringent, and his eyes were full of melancholy. 

But still answer: "I am not angry." 

As for the bottom of my heart, he is the only one who knows. 

At that time, the eldest young master was always arrogant and had no long memory. When he saw his uncle, he was not angry, so he immediately put away his flattery and pretended to be good. He especially pushed his nose and face and rubbed his stomach across his clothes. 

"The fruit just digests quickly. I feel full just now. So I'm hungry again. Uncle, let's order something to eat. I just patronized the fruit and didn't order." 

He didn't say that he was OK. As soon as he said it, Tan Mingjin remembered that Shiqing had just fed him fruit, and that he had to feed him was just for Cheng Yunling to see. The stuffy air in her heart which had just been pressed down ran up again. 

Especially when he found out that Qing was careless on the surface and didn't put anything in his heart. Actually, when he stood on his shoulder, Qing still had a guilty face. After looking at him, he looked like he had something on his mind. 

The man took a deep breath. 

Facing Cheng Yunling, he is happy to be like that, facing him is just like this. 

Such a guilty heart, is it hard for him to really treat Cheng Yunling 

Even if he had brainwashed himself many times before, "he is only uncle Shiqing", "he should wish Shiqing happiness", "he will hide this love in the bottom of his heart and never reveal it all his life", and so on. 

But these, is in he has not felt when Qing's initiative intimate thought.In a day, was patronized twice (although are false), Tan Mingjin is not provoked directly press people to say clearly the intention is good. 

How can I see when I see Cheng Yunling. 

He breathed a deep breath again. He insisted that he didn't say anything. He called for the menu and watched the youth order carefully. 

In any case, since Shi Qing didn't have such an idea, even if he was not willing to do so in his heart, he had to press it down. 

"Have a steak, uncle. Do you want it?" 

Shi Qing looked up at Tan Mingjin with a good smile on his face. The words from his red lips pierced his heart like a thorn: 

"just now, Cheng Yunling seemed to like to eat it. Let's try it too?" 

Tan Mingjin is taking over the new cup from the waiter. When she hears this, she can't help tightening her hand. She almost doesn't let this cup spread the legacy of her predecessors. 

He held the glass in his hand for two seconds before slowly placing it on the table. 

The magnetic voice is still calm. Although it is a little hoarse, it sounds like a very common tone: 

"you seem to like Cheng Yunling very much. She has a boyfriend now. As a member of the opposite sex, and you pursued her so vigorously before, it is better to keep a little distance, so as to avoid her boyfriend from thinking too much." 

"What's the matter? I'll ask Cheng Yunling for a favor. She'll make it clear to her boyfriend, and her boyfriend won't misunderstand us." 

This is quite certain. 

After all, as long as they are normal men, they will not worry about what a gay thinks of his girlfriend. 

He felt that he was very considerate. He handed the menu to the waiter, watched him go, and then laughed at Tan Mingjin: "I also ordered one for you." 

Tan Mingjin doesn't want to eat steak at all. 

He just wanted to eat the time in front of him. 

However, Shiqing didn't want him to eat. It seemed that he wanted to eat others. 

In this way, Tan Mingjin is more depressed. 

He asked, "what can I do for you? It's better to ask me for help?" 

He is quite sure of this. 

No matter in terms of contacts, or vision, he is absolutely strong and has a lot of cloud spirit. 

Shiqing took a look at the man in front of him, and saw that his handsome face was slightly sulky, as if in anger with who, a little want to laugh. 

He thought for a moment and said, "uncle, you have no experience in this matter. You can't help me." 

Tan Mingjin takes a look at Xiaoqing. 

The little guy is holding his chin in his hand and sitting on his shoulder. His little feet are shaking, and his white and tender face shows some depression. 

He depressed his own even, but also took time to stare at Tan Mingjin. 

It's like complaining. 

Tan Mingjin was more angry at the bottom of her heart. 

When Qing this is to dislike him to disturb him, with Cheng Yunling almost? 

He thought that "Cheng Yunling is a boy friend, I teach the child, absolutely can't do such immoral things", at the same time in his heart sour wish to come to a jar of old vinegar. 

"I'm older than her anyway. What's her experience and I'm not?" 

This sentence Tan Mingjin said can be said to be justified. 

He can be justified. 

When I was in school, I worked in various part-time jobs, and I knew everything about the school. After that, he had never seen anything and experienced any difficulties. 

If there is something Cheng Yunling can handle, he can't handle it. 

Tan Mingjin didn't believe it. 

The expression of Shiqing at the moment is consistent with that of Xiaoqing. 

All of them left the upright man sitting opposite. 

He curled his lips. 

The hour Qing follows. 

He opened his mouth. 

Xiaoqing sighed with a decent sigh. 

He wrung his eyebrows slightly and said reluctantly, "it is You've never been in love, uncle 

Hour Qing followed heavy and sighed, white lovely face, looking at Tan Mingjin's line of sight again filled with depression. 

Tan Mingjin: 

For a moment, his body was stiff again. After a few seconds of delay, when he finished his speech, a little embarrassed and embarrassed appeared on his white face. In front of Shiqing, he said in a soft voice: 

"you..." 

Again and again, the man's words are not calm, erratic, like a dream: "like the people?" 

The young man's beautiful white and tender face flashed shyly. This always arrogant and wanton young master rarely made some wriggling, and nodded to admit with the color of his face slightly red. 

He and the hour clear again for a while, the eye is looking forward to tan Mingjin. 

But in Tan Mingjin's eyes, that small eyes, good is afraid that he this uncle will not agree with the same. 

"I like him very much, so ask Cheng Yunling to see how he can track down people."Tan Mingjin: 

He didn't know what to say. 

Heart It may have exploded. 

A full delay of 30 seconds, has always been a steady man some difficult to open the mouth, voice obscure: "what kind of person is she?" 

Shi Qing seemed to be very shy and lowered his head. 

It's Chunqing, staring at Tan Mingjin. 

Shi Qing: "he is a little older than me. He is a very powerful man. I adore him and always like him." 

Tan Mingjin suddenly felt astringent in her heart. 

He thought that he was the one who worshipped by Shiqing. 

The man took up his water cup and sipped his saliva to ease his stiff look: "bigger is better, bigger is better for you." 

"How big is it? From the same school as you? " 

When the eldest young master's head is lower, a pair of dare not and Tan Mingjin look at each other: "he is more than ten years old, has already worked." 

Tan Mingjin: Teenagers?! " 

So big? 

"Although he is more than ten years older than me, he doesn't look old at all. He likes to keep fit very much. He's only twenty-five or six, and..." 

The hour clear ah ah ah cry, bashful and embarrassed covered his face, a good shy good shy appearance. 

&NBS 

p; "and he looks good." 

Tan Mingjin; " 

When he was a teenager, he looked good-looking but not old. He immediately targeted the female artists in the entertainment industry. 

After locking in, he couldn't take it any more. 

Shiqing is the prince of the tan family. Many people know about it. It's impossible that someone will hook him up for his identity. 

He is young, I don't know, and he has never stumbled. He is a clever and sensible child. How can he play. 

He has his own entertainment industry. Of course, he knows more about some people and things in this circle. 

This circle is really chaotic. It's not discrimination. It's just that there are so few resources. The appearance of the people competing for resources is outstanding. It's inevitable that some people will sell their bodies in order to get resources. This kind of thing is common. Even if some people are unwilling to clean up their own lives, they will be forced to do so. 

Most of them can be clean and clean with the wind and water. Most of them have background behind them. 

Of course, there are those who have no background and struggle on their own and don't sell their bodies. Cheng Yunling is one of them. 

But as soon as she saw Shi Qing's eyes full of love, she mentioned to him a woman who was more than ten years old. Tan Mingjin still couldn't accept it. 

Even he can't tell whether he is because of the age of the "woman" or because this is "the person that Shiqing likes". 

He's just instinctive. 

"No way." 

When Qing face that little joy immediately disappeared, can't believe looked at him: "why?" 

Tan Mingjin's righteous words: "you are still a student, she is older, you are so many, and working, you do not have much common language, not appropriate." 

"We can see each other every day. What's the matter with our age? It's not 20 years old. I really like it..." 

"Shi Qing." The man wrung his eyebrows, got up seriously, sat down beside the youth, stretched out his hand, and gently rubbed his head with comfort. 

Feeling the soft hair passing through his fingertips, his frown brow relaxed a little and his voice softened. He advised the defiant young man: 

"you are young now, and you think you like her, but when you grow up, you are in the prime of life and she is old and pale. What should you do?" 

Shi Qing looked at the handsome face in front of him. "I think he looks good even when he is old, and he is well maintained." 

How can this child make no sense. 

Tan Mingjin sighed: "you are in school, she works outside, you are not together during the day, if she has someone she likes outside, how to do?" 

Shi Qing: "first of all, he is not that kind of person. Secondly, I can stay with him in a company after graduation. We are together every day. What he sees every day is me?" 

Man's heart is a stem. 

These days, he told Shi Qing more than once that he hoped he would come to work with him after graduation. 

With him watching, Shiqing will not be wronged in the place he can not see. He can also teach a little bit. 

But now, this just passed a few days, before still full of promise, now unexpectedly for the sake of that woman, want to run to other people's company. 

He gritted his teeth and made a final struggle: 

"you and she are different in age. In case of quarrel and conflict, do you think about what to do 

"Of course." 

Finally, I got to the point. 

Shi Qing's face could not hide the excitement, cocked the corner of his mouth, very happy look, left and right to see no one, just got to tan Mingjin's ear, whispered: 

"solve it in bed."Tan Mingjin; " 

His mind immediately came out of his favorite little guy, a little bit off his clothes, with a flattering smile, stretching the tone, sweet greasy toward a person to ask for sex. 

He would be in close contact with another person. 

Sleep with that man. 

In the life of Shi Qing, there is no longer his existence. 

Only - 

that! One! People! 

"Bang --" 

the reason was finally crushed. The man's face was gloomy, and he hit the table with a fist, making a lot of noise. 

Can't stand it!! 

Absolutely can't stand it!! 

He looked at the young man who was frightened by his sudden attack and said through his teeth, "I don't agree that you are together." 

When Qing stare big eyes, angry and aggrieved appearance. 

He also stood up, like a penguin trying to defend his territory, and chirped angrily at Tan Mingjin: 

"why can't we be together? I think he is different to me! We can be together for sure 

Tan Mingjin: "she is older than you." 

Shi Qing: "I don't care!" 

Tan Mingjin: "I care." 

Shi Qing was even more angry: "is it a teenager? I'm not afraid of what you're afraid of 

He tore off the disguise of reason and was manipulated by emotion. He sat there looking up at the little guy fighting for love. 

There is no reason to object, so we can only bite the age: 

"I ask you, how much older is she 

Young people are unwilling to turn their lips: "sixteen years old." 

Sixteen years old. 

What a good reason. 

Tan Mingjin: "in short, I don't agree. You'd better give me a break." 

His attitude was too resolute, and the youth didn't dare to fight fiercely. He was just aggrieved with red eyes and pleaded in a low voice: 

"he was very kind to me. From childhood to adulthood, no one has been so kind to me except grandma." 

Tan Mingjin was so angry that she lost her reason completely. 

What is it that nobody is so nice to him except grandma?? 

What about him?? 

Is he not good enough to keep up with the times?? 

Even if the relationship between the two people was not very good, during this period of time, he just wanted to dig out his heart and lung, and give the whole heart and liver to clear. 

This heartless little guy, only his teenage sweetheart, didn't look at him at all. 

He controlled himself not to crush the corner of the table and took a deep breath: "no way." 

"Uncle, you can promise, age is not a problem, as long as a person is good enough, good enough for me?" 

Tan Mingjin couldn't help sneering at her mouth; 

"well, you say she's good enough. As long as she's not worse than me, it's OK." 

The youth blushed. 

Hour Qing also covered his face. 

He wryly said: "wealth It's almost like you, uncle 

Tan Mingjin: 

He had no mind to think in his mind which woman in the business circle had the same wealth as himself, 12 years older than Shiqing. 

After all, he's going to explode. 

"Uncle, are you promising? Do you think we are a good match? I really like him and he's really nice to me 

Tan Mingjin has no expression. 

Shi Qing: "really, uncle, think about it. After we are together, I can get up with him, have breakfast together, go to the company together, work overtime together, and go home together. We can also come to this restaurant often. Do you think, is the picture very beautiful?" 

Tan Mingjin clenched her fist gradually, and the scene of her own getting up for breakfast and going to the company to work overtime came to her mind. 

"Well, you say, she is good to you, where is she to you?" 

He was even a little aggrieved at the moment. 

After all, among the living people in the world, he has always been confident that no one can be so good at keeping up with the times. 

When Qing obediently sat down and counted him with his fingers: "he videos with me every day." 

Tan Mingjin sneered. 

He also had a recollection at the moment. There was absolutely no woman in the province, no, in the whole country, who was 34 years old and had the same family status as him. 

What can be compared with Tan's, the old Dong is not up in his fifties. 

Tan Mingjin can confidently say that in the whole country, only he is 34 years old and has such wealth. 

This woman, I'm afraid, was a young man to deceive him. 

Isn't he in the same family? I'm so busy every day that I can spare time to keep up with Shiqing video. 

Shi Qing: "he also gives me food every day." 

At the bottom of her heart, Tan Mingjin sneered. 

What's the food delivery? He gave it back.Can that woman have what he likes and doesn't like to eat when he knows it? 

Shi Qing: "all the things I love to eat, I have never seen anything I don't like to eat." 

Tan Mingjin: 

He snorted coldly: "play tricks." 

Shi Qing: "he never dislikes me for being angry and always coax me." 

Tan Mingjin is a cold hum: "nothing to pay attention to, not rape or steal." 

Shi Qing: "buy me what I want and take me to the place where he works." 

Tan Mingjin: "what do you want? I didn't buy it for you? I bought all the airplanes for you, and she bought things for you, and you were moved? " 

"Uncle, don't you think he is really good to me? He still touches my head. When he touches my head, I can feel that he is really kind to me 

Then the young man took his arm and whispered, "I just want to know if he likes me or not." 

Said, he a pair of beautiful eyes, with a little hope, looked at the man in front of him. 

Tan Mingjin is silent. In fact, he is afraid that he will scold if he is not silent. 

After all, he can't even laugh at him now. 

Touching your head is just touching your head. 

What's the big deal. 

Didn't he touch it? 

Isn't he sincere? 

This child, why don't you think about him, don't look at him! 

Shi Qing thought it was almost over. He began to close the net and leaned close to the man. His tone was sweet and greasy: 

"such a good person can't find a second person in the whole country. Uncle, do you think so?" 

Tan Mingjin suddenly took the young man's arm: "it's impossible to find the second one." 

"Because I am the only one who meets all the conditions you just said." 

Shi Qing: [well, it's the first time that I'm so explicit, but I'm very happy to think that I'm going to harvest Tan's gift bag. ] 

System: [congratulations to the host! Congratulations host!! ] 

before the smile on her face was put out, she listened to the man in front of him with a tone of anger, his face was black and his teeth clenched: 

"she is a liar!" 

"I will never allow you to be together!" 

"Absolutely





 Kill him. 

At this moment, Shi Qing has no expression. 

Tan Mingjin has been very angry, but he seems to be more angry than he Tan Mingjin, just soft voice, all kinds of young people also stand up. 

Angry, beautiful eyes as if hidden flame. 

The whole person became a dolphin. 

"How can you do this! This is my wish. You can't do it even if you don't want to! " 

On the shoulder of the hour Qing also along with babbling, angry as if the next second can go to heaven. 

Tan Mingjin was baffled by his accusation, but he soon realized that he was clever, lovely, obedient and sensible, and now he wanted to fight against him for the sake of a young swindler woman in Shiqing. 

Men's eyes are also gradually angry. 

The tyrant said in a cold voice, "in short, I won't agree. If you have to insist on your own way..." 

At this point, the tyrant is stuck. 

If Shi Qing insists on his own way, what can he do? 

Once he was good at threatening and intimidating Shiqing. At that time, whenever Shiqing started to make trouble, he would scare Shiqing by cutting off the other party's financial resources. 

For Shi Qing, who spends money lavishly and likes to show face in front of his friends, the threat is too effective. 

And now, at the thought that if he cut off the other party's financial resources, this heartless little bastard would surely run to that woman to eat and drink. 

Maybe it will be taken advantage of. 

Tan Mingjin's mind immediately came up with a picture of Shi Qing selling himself for money. 

No way! 

Absolutely can't bear it! 

But what else is there besides this threat? 

Drive Shi Qing out of the tan family? 

That how to line, in case the outside knows this matter, bullying Shiqing how to do. 

And to drive him out, is not it in disguise to let that woman take the place of herself and become the caretaker of Shiqing? 

The tyrant couldn't find a way to punish him. He just stopped for a few seconds and continued: "I will let you know that I regret it." 

"Can't I like it? Don't you buy everything I like, uncle? Don't you like me? I feel it clearly. Why don't you promise me? " 

Tan Mingjin was almost not in front of this justifiable, relying on their own like to ask him, let him in front of the child raised by his own hands when Qing to angry smile. 

Yes, he likes Shiqing. 

It was because he liked it that he didn't want to. 

You have to be more sure about everything else 

He can clearly see that the tears in the eyes of the young people standing in front of him are already spinning, and his beautiful little nose is also red. He looks at himself wrongly and obstinately. 

Hour Qing is almost the same expression, is standing on the shoulder sobbing tears, white lovely face is full of grievances. 

It made people cry. 

Tan Mingjin felt guilty. 

I really feel guilty. 

Especially others know that his obstruction is not only because the woman is a liar, but also because he doesn't want Shiqing to leave him. 

At the moment, to shangshiqing's tears, Tan Mingjin seems to be awakened by a stick. 

What is he doing. 

Shi Qing is different from him. 

Shiqing is normal and likes girls. 

Isn't it normal to like someone at this age? 

Why should he keep Shiqing in his sight because of the shady idea in his heart. 

Obviously, he wanted to occupy Shiqing, but he showed a good appearance for Shiqing. 

Before this child and his relationship has just eased a little, since he knows that he can not go further, why to block this child to find his own happiness. 

The more sour Tan Mingjin has figured it out. 

At the moment, he seems to be the affectionate man in the TV series. Even if he doesn't give up all kinds of things, he just wants to snatch his beloved to his arms directly, but he can only slowly give up his hand and watch the other party complain about others' embrace. 

Lonely, lonely and sad. 

If it's an animated picture at the moment, you should be able to see that there is no cloud all around, only Tan Mingjin's head, a dark cloud falling on it, thunder and lightning, falling rain. 

The man is sad purses the lip, diligently lets oneself forget that should not have the mind. 

That's it. 

Just hide it like this. 

To be a good uncle of Shiqing all his life and protect him all his life. 

Looking at his lovely wife, young children, both children, happy life. 

Tan Mingjin is lonely and happy to watch from afar. 

He took a deep breath and sighed:"Uncle won't stop you from pursuing your happiness. You can like girls of your age, such as those in your school, or I'll introduce them to you. They have some common language." 

He was so heartbroken that he forced himself to say "intimate" words. 

As a result, he found that the youth in front of him was more and more aggrieved. 

Not only aggrieved, but also sad. 

Tan Mingjin, who is also sad, understands his idea. It must be very difficult to give up a person. 

But what can be done. 

People he likes don't like him. 

The person that Shi Qing likes is a female swindler. 

Tan Mingjin: "I know you may not accept it now. It's OK. Uncle will always be your uncle..." Your partner may not always be your partner. 

He was sad and wanted to say more, but his shoulder was pushed by Shiqing. 

Tan Mingjin didn't react. Her feet were still standing on the ground, motionless. 

I can't help it. Although he is older than the time, he goes to bed early and gets up early to exercise in the tropics. 

Shi Qing, before that, he stayed up all night and did not exercise. His body was a sub-health state. 

His strength is small, so a push, fell on Tan Mingjin, just like being scratched by a baby cat whose nails are soft. 

It's not painful, it's even a little cute. 

Tan Mingjin was thinking about it, and then noticed that there was condemnation in the sight of QingWang. 

Oh It's because he was pushed. He's OK. 

I wish the whole world would be held to the time when the man in front of him thought for a second, "stagger" and step back. 

Is it time for Qing to be happy? 

As a result, when he looked up again, he saw that the young man's eyes turned red, and the tears rolled and rolled in his beautiful eyes. 

Finally, he reached out his hand and wiped away his tears with the back of his hand. He said angrily, "you are too much. If you don't promise, you won't agree. I didn't ask you to promise. Why do you want to humiliate me so much?" 

Then, facing the man who didn't know how he humiliated Shiqing, the young man roared with an angry dragon: 

"I hate you!" 

Finish saying this sentence, when clear a second all without delay, turn around to rush out of the dining-room. 

Only left still standing there Tan Mingjin still don't know how to humiliate her. 

At a loss, helpless, and full of jealousy. 

"My uncle is too much, he is really too much, do you hear me, I say he is too much." 

I don't know why he has become the most and less emotional tree hole Cheng Yunling. He is expressionless and has nothing to love through the phone: 

"I heard it, and I know that Tan Dong is too much, but it is too little. I have heard it at least 100 times tonight. Can you change your words?" 

"Oh." 

"Have you ever seen such an excessive person? Haven't you 

Cheng Yunling: 

Yes, I have. 

That person is you. 

This guy called me at three in the morning and forced me to listen to all your babbling. 

Cheng Yunling lay down helplessly: "time is little, it's really late, or we should go to bed first. I'm so sleepy that I can't open my eyes. I still have work tomorrow." 

When you see the game in the morning, why are you still looking for me when you are playing the game 

Cheng Yunling: 

This young master is usually silly. How can he be so clever at such a time. 

She broke down and kneaded her hair into a chicken coop: "but what are you doing with me about these things!" 

Shi Qing's tone is very natural: "are we not friends? I'm feeling frustrated now. Shouldn't you help me? " 

Cheng Yunling: Your sister's friend. 

She is short of all the five elements, but she does not lack friends. 

In particular, there is no shortage of friends who call in the middle of the night to nag about "too much" for an hour. 

maybe she felt the heart of her heart, and the youth's clear voice immediately came to her. "Don't forget, if you weren't me, how would you tell your boyfriend, if you didn't make complaints about it, how could you know that he was secretly in love with you? You can depend on me for everything. You must know gratitude. Now I have emotional problems, and you won't help me solve it. Is it? " 

Cheng Yunling: 

There seems to be some truth in that. 

"But how can I solve this problem? How can I dare to come to him when he is so powerful? And what he said is right. If you are so big, there will be no common language in the future." 

Cheng Yunling suggested: "otherwise, you should have a good sleep, give me some time to think, let me think about how to deal with this matter, when I think clearly, I will help you, OK?"At that end, he thought clearly and nodded his head and said, "well, don't think too long. Think about it well." 

Mom! 

Finally, I can get rid of his nagging. 

Cheng Yunling was so excited that tears filled his eyes and quickly assured him: "it's very fast. Don't worry! When I think about it, I will help you solve this problem! " 

Anyway, sleep first. 

Although she can stay up late to play games when she doesn't work, Cheng Yunling is strangely sleepy after being nagged for an hour. 

It's hanging up at the other end. 

Cheng Yunling heaved a sigh of relief. 

Then there was some complacency. 

Sure enough, the child is a child, easy to coax and cheat, it seems that her IQ can still hang hit when Qing. 

This kid. 

Murmuring about getting ready to go to bed, the mobile phone rings again. Cheng Yunling turns to see that it is Shi Qing's phone, but he doesn't want to pick it up: 

"time is short, what's the matter? Did you forget something? " 

"60 seconds have passed, tell me what you think!" 

Cheng Yunling: 

Kill her!!!! 

Why is Qing lovelorn? She suffers! 

She doesn't want to bear it, she can't bear it!! 

"When I was young..." 

Shi Qing: "you really want to know what the variety show is and learn how to cook together? Think it out for me, and I'll send you to that variety show 

The most popular variety show! 

All the artists who go up can soar. The popularity doesn't count. The fans are going up by many times. 

At this moment, Cheng Yunling has no sleep in his mind and no game. 

Only the golden Boulevard in front of us. 

"No problem. I've decided to solve it for you." 

Isn't it just chasing people? 

Although the pursuer is male, the chased is also male. 

Although it was the chairman of Tan who was pursued. 

Although the pursuers were raised by the chasers themselves. 

Although 

Cheng Yunling: It seems to be really difficult. 

What to do with a little regret. 

But she agreed, now regret is useless, may be because her own love is too smooth, when most of her as a love expert. 

From the next day on, he stayed in the crew on the day and at the hotel in the evening. 

I also bring my own notebook. I don't know how serious I am every day. 

It's a good thing to learn things seriously, but Cheng Yunling has nothing to teach Shi Qing. 

And because Shi Qing always came to find her, she and her boyfriend's two people's world, out of thin air more people come out. 

Triangle, beautiful shape. 

She simply decided to take Thirty-six Strategies as the best. 

It's just that the cast is finished, and you can go home. Besides, your boyfriend is also free. You can enjoy the happy life of the two at home. 

As a result, Cheng Yunling did not expect. 

She underestimated Shi Qing's cheekiness. 

This guy is really shameless to follow. 

Follow me!!! 

And still shameless must also live in her home, also fortunately her boyfriend does not mind. 

Although Cheng Yunling felt that her boyfriend didn't mind because she didn't realize how annoying Qing was. 

Sometimes her boyfriend is sleeping in the room, and Cheng Yunling is depressed and expressionless, talking about the love course she has searched from the Internet. 

In just five days, she couldn't stand it. 

Shi Qing was very happy with her. 

Especially when she found that Tan Mingjin was watching and sending people to follow him. 

As a result, he became more and more comfortable. 

Comfortable life is always very fast, seeing a month is coming soon, the system began to worry. 

[host, what to do? Time is coming, and her rejection rate is still not moving. ] 

Shi Qing: [don't worry, in fact, don't you think she's very kind without the rejection rate of 100? ] 

System: [ ] 

in fact, it also thinks so. 

Look at its host. 

Lying on Cheng Yunling's sofa, with milk poured by Cheng Yunling in his hand, eating fruits bought by Cheng Yunling and cut by himself, watching Cheng Yunling's TV, and occasionally sitting on the other side of the sofa, talking with Cheng Yunling's boyfriend about the game. 

Perfect show a disgusting young master image. 

Shi Qingzheng was eating melon seeds while watching TV. His mobile phone suddenly rang. He immediately got up and yelled: "Cheng Yunling, it's 8 o'clock, it's time for class!" Cheng Yunling, who is applying the mask, is coming out of 

. 

is really dark face and mask is black.The sound of the alarm is still ringing. 

For Cheng Yunling, this is not the sound of the alarm clock, but the call from the daily collapse. 

Sometimes she really felt that Shi Qing didn't want to learn anything at all. It was because Tan Mingjin had treated her a little differently before, and this boy was jealous, so she deliberately messed with her. 

When Cheng Yunling sat down, the young man had already asked for his own small book, waiting to take notes. 

Cheng Yunling: neuropathy. 

Forget it. 

Think about the heat, think about the fans, think about the career and the future. 

She forbear! 

"Shi Qing, how did this strategy go? Why can't I walk several times 

Just after the lecture, Cheng Yunling's boyfriend came over and handed his computer to him with a thoughtful face. 

"Well, simple, I'll tell you, you go here first, then here, and then you come to this position..." 

Cheng Yunling: 

It's day, dog. 

When was the relationship so good. 

Come on, bear with it. 

Just don't see it. 

That night, the two young lovers lie in a quilt. Cheng Yunling also specially perfumes herself and goes into her boyfriend's arms. 

Boyfriends: "you don't press me, I and time Qing are making copies, you are so close to me, later it will affect me." 

Cheng Yunling: 

Cheng Yunling: 

Can't bear it!!! 

Eat her dress her, she endure!! 

Forcing her a layman to be a love expert, she also tolerated! 

Every day she looks like a young master. When she thinks about the variety show, she can bear it!! 

But now!! 

Boyfriends have been taken over! 

Can't bear it! 

Absolutely can't bear it! 

Cheng Yunling came in a fierce manner. He knocked at the door. 

She's going to tell this guy! 

Get out of here! Get out of here! 

What variety show! What resources! 

She doesn't want it!! 

"Come in." 

Inside came a young man with a little hoarse voice. Cheng Yunling didn't take it seriously. He still rushed in fiercely. 

As soon as I went in, I was stunned. 

When Qing is sitting in front of the computer, yes, is also playing games, yes, but that beautiful face, a pair of eyes is red, nose also a puff, a pair of just crying poor appearance. 

He has always been very good-looking, once the expression is not fierce and overbearing, that pair of natural and pitiful will be revealed. In addition, at the moment, his eyes are red and his nose is red, which is pitiful. 

Cheng Yunling's heart softened immediately. 

Even the voice was lowered 800 times: "what's the matter with you?" 

"It's OK. It's just playing games and thinking of my uncle." 

When Qing sniffles, the expression is more and more pitiful, even has always been publicized tone all soft down, soft waxy, listen to let people want to hold in the arms, good pain. 

"In the past, my uncle didn't like me playing games, and he always scolded me every time I found it. But now I've played all night, no one cares about me, and no one asks me to go to bed early." 

He reached out his hand and wiped the tears on his face. He looked pitifully at Cheng Yunling: "fortunately, you help me, or I really don't know what to do." 

Cheng Yunling is a soft hearted mess. 

Yes, she always thinks Shiqing is annoying. But think about it, he has only one relative, Tan Dong. 

Without Mr. Tan, the whole world is lost to him. 

He's so pathetic that she can't drive him. 

Don't worry about it. If you don't care about it, don't worry about it. If you don't feel disappointed in the world, don't worry about it 

"Well..." 

When big little very pitifully red eyes nodded, rarely meek said: "I listen to you. 

What a lovely child. 

Cheng Yunling sighed in the bottom of his heart: "sleep quickly, don't worry, even if you and Tan Dong really break up, there is also my friend, I won't care about you." 

Just returned a pair of weak and pitiful appearance when Qing immediately changed face: "this is you say, I did not force you." 

With that, he pulled out the drawer, took out the spicy noodles hidden in it and took a sip. His spicy eyes turned red again. 

Cheng Yunling: 

"Shiqing!!! How many times have I told you!! No eating in the bedroom!!! Ah, ah, ah, ah, you're going to piss me off 

The next day, Cheng Yunling of Shiqing surrendered and asked Tan Mingjin out. 

Fortunately, Tan Mingjin left her a contact information after she helped her.Although it is said that the first time she contacted Tan Mingjin with this contact information was to help Shiqing, who was considered as the "perpetrator" at the beginning, it was a little strange. 

Tan Mingjin knew that recently when Qing lived in Cheng Yunling's house, she agreed to meet. 

He is eager to know the situation of Shi Qing, not what the employees said about having two bowls of porridge, one egg and two fried sticks for breakfast, but what Shi Qing thought. 

He really because he did not allow him and cheater together, so decided to abandon his uncle. 

At the thought of this, the man's heart will sour hair pain. 

In this world, there will always be a kind of people, fight, reluctant, scold, reluctant, left, and can not put down. 

When Qing is tan Mingjin can not let go of people. 

At the moment, he sat opposite Cheng Yunling with a serious face. 

Cheng Yunling twists his spoon in his hand and feels strangely that he is here to make a date: 

"well, Mr. Tan, I know that you only regard shishao as a junior. Last time he confessed to you, you should have been shocked and unacceptable. In fact, when he told you a little less, it was just a little bit of truth revealed. These days in my family, it is weeping and howling at night, which is very uncomfortable, But he likes you, which is beyond his control, so... " 

Tan Mingjin: You wait. What did you say just now 

Cheng Yunling was stunned: "I said that I would cry one day and howl at night..." 

Tan Mingjin: "no, the next sentence." 

Cheng Yunling: "he likes you..." 

- bang! 

The man's hand fell to the ground. 

In the debris of the ground, he suddenly stood up. 

A handsome and calm face was full of blank: "Shiqing Like me 

Cheng Yunling: Well, yes, but this was not the last time... " 

Tan Mingjin: "Shiqing likes me?" 

Cheng Yunling: "yes." 

Tan Mingjin: "Shiqing likes me." 

Cheng Yunling: Is that right? " 

Tan Mingjin: "Shiqing likes me..." 

Cheng Yunling: 

She touched her nose. 

What's wrong with these two, a little asshole, a repeater. 

However, before she could continue to say something, Tan Mingjin had already turned around and strode out of the restaurant. 

"Ah?? Mr. Tan?? Mr. Tan 

Cheng Yunling subconsciously caught up with him and was stopped at the door by the waiter: 

"excuse me, madam. Your account has not been settled yet." 

Cheng Yunling: 

What evil has she done.





 Shi Qing likes him. 

Shi Qing likes him. 

This is the only sentence left in Tan Mingjin's mind. 

Back and forth, flashback and forth. 

It's magical. 

But happy. 

As long as I think, when Qing likes him, Tan Mingjin, the smile on the corner of the man's lips will never fall down. 

Yeah. 

That's right. 

It should be like this. 

Compared with the age of 16 years, this city has no comparable wealth. 

Be good to him, touch his head, give him what he likes to eat, and video with him every day. 

When he jumped out of the point that "the person whom Shiqing likes must be a woman", everything the youth said on that day was completely based on his tan Mingjin. 

On the surface, Shi Qing rejected him, but he always looked at him with admiration and joy, babbling and hugging. 

Shi Qingming didn't like Cheng Yunling, and he hated her to be like that, but he still had to force himself to make a look of pursuit. 

The reason why he did this is not because of Tan Mingjin's maintenance and affection for Cheng Yunling. 

The child is jealous. 

As long as the thought of his ferocious and aggrieved appearance is because of jealousy, Tan Mingjin can't help laughing. 

The little details that didn't really matter. 

Why does Shi Qingming like to be close to him in his heart, but never take the initiative to get close to him. 

Why did Shi Qing make a video call to Cheng Yunling three times a day after he had a good relationship with him. 

Why does the child react so much when he wants a blind date. 

All of these have the answer. 

With the more clear thinking of the body, the more clear thinking. 

He likes Shiqing. 

Shi Qing also liked him. 

Is there anything in the world that makes people feel happier than this? 

The driver, who was driving, looked up carefully. In the mirror, he had a gentle look. The corner of his lip slightly touched up the smiling Tan Dong and made a shiver. 

He has been following him for so long, and he has seen him look cold and frosty. This is the first time he has seen him like this. 

Laugh, laugh and shake your head. 

Is this still Mr. tan? 

It won't be something dirty. 

Thinking about it, the superstitious driver shivered again and continued to drive cautiously. 

Tan Mingjin now all behavior can be said to rely on instinct. 

Instinctively leave the restaurant, instinctively sit in the car. 

When the mobile phone rings, it is also instinctively connected. 

There came Cheng Yunling's voice: "Mr. Tan, are you looking for less time? I haven't told you the address yet 

"No 

Tan Mingjin's heart has long been floating to the time of Qing that, but still can answer. 

The man's voice was low and deep, magnetic and pleasant: "I know your home address." 

Cheng Yunling: All right. 

Although I really want to ask my family, in case the paparazzi address is only told to no more than five people, but considering Tan Mingjin's identity and status, it seems that he knows where her home is completely normal. 

She should have known that in this world where money can do almost everything, Tan Mingjin is omnipotent. 

The omnipotent Tan Mingjin soon arrived at Cheng Yunling's downstairs. 

He got out of the car and looked at the house in front of him. 

The door was open, but he didn't dare to step in. 

Tan Mingjin has not forgotten, when Qing left his last word is what. 

He said he hated him. 

Although he knew that sentence was because he said "always be an uncle", he was misunderstood as his refusal by Shiqing. 

But men are still hesitant. 

He hesitated to stand downstairs and walked back two steps, with a dignified look and hesitation in his eyes. 

The driver stood by the car carefully, watching the slender figure of his boss walking up and down. He was obviously eager to go up, but he didn't dare to go up. He took a timid look at the door, which could be opened only by pushing it gently. Then he quietly looked at the gossip mirror hanging in front of the door and shivered again. 

He approached carefully and asked, "Mr. Tan, do you remember that year I just came, did you pay in advance with you?" 

"Well." 

Tan Mingjin wrung her eyebrows and looked at the driver inexplicably. He is in a mess now and doesn't mind saying something: 

"the year your wife had a car accident." 

Whoa! 

I remember this incident. It's still Mr. tan. 

The driver's body was slightly relaxed, but superstitious, he still had some doubts in his heart. After thinking about it, he took down the gossip mirror hanging in front of the door on tiptoe.Looking tentatively at Tan Mingjin, "Tan Dong, you..." 

Tan Mingjin didn't notice his small movements at all. He took a deep breath of psychological construction for himself. 

As long as Shi Qing likes him. 

Even if he is still angry with him, he can certainly coax people back. 

Then he took a deep breath. The man's eyes were full of firmness and tenderness. He stepped into the room with long legs. 

Just want to test a little bit, still holding the Bagua mirror driver:.... " 

Oh, my God!!! 

Tan Mingjin did not know that the driver was downstairs thinking whether to run or not. 

He has entered the villa under the name of Cheng Yunling. 

This villa was bought by Cheng Yunling himself. It was just her nest. Because she didn't trust her when she bought it, she paid attention to confidentiality, so the paparazzi couldn't find it. 

It is because of this that she brings her boyfriend here to take refuge. 

Although I don't know why it's obviously refuge, the result is that Shiqing's "difficulty" has followed. 

Because he wanted to live alone when he bought it, so Cheng Yunling didn't make much effort in sound insulation. 

Therefore, as soon as Tan Mingjin came in, she could hear the lively and clear voice of the young people upstairs: 

"move!!! You move!! Ah! Dead again 

In the last sentence, his tone was gloomy. 

Depressed let the man think of his last meeting with Shi Qing. When he proposed that he would arrange a blind date for the little guy, the tone and expression of Shi Qing seemed to be so depressed now. 

Are you playing games again? 

He likes playing games so much that he has been killed by himself for so many times before, but he still does not give up to playing games secretly. 

The result left him, can't even play games to make Shiqing happy? 

The gentleness in the man's eyes was even greater, and he went straight up the stairs. 

He wanted to tell Shi Qing that he did not refuse to accept his feelings. 

After talking about it, they were together. 

He will never be as fierce and clear as he used to be. 

However, with a smile in her mouth, she just went up the stairs, and her expression froze. 

From his point of view, we can see that Shi Qing and a handsome man are leaning on the sofa together. Both of them are holding mobile phones in their hands. Their legs are cocked and their faces are smiling. They look close and happy. 

Shi Qing was patting the thigh of the man next to him, ha ha ha ha. "Look at this mage, I'm laughing to death. Ha ha ha, ha ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha 

Be as happy as you can. 

Be as happy as possible. 

Tan Mingjin: 

A handsome man who was laughing with Shi Qing accidentally raised his eyes. His face was black and his head was almost full of black clouds. He was staring at Shi Qing with murderous eyes 

A hand that falls on one's leg. 

He said: 

Cheng Yunling's boyfriend, who was still holding mobile phone music, jumped up after rubbing. Subconsciously, he hid and was eight feet away: 

"Tan, Tan Dong." 

Just because he suddenly jumped away, the young man who was at a loss also turned his head. After seeing that it was Tan Mingjin, his white and beautiful face first showed a glimmer of joy, and then he thought of something. His dark face suddenly turned away from him. 

"Hum!" 

Don't get me wrong. It's not the time to hum. 

It's Chunqing. 

The little guy tried to stand on tiptoe, trying to make himself look bigger. The little hand on the left was in his waist, and the white and tender voice on the right side. A small index finger pointed at Tan Mingjin, and angrily and wrongly scolded: 

"yieeya 

"Eerie, eerie!! Gee 

I was so angry that I didn't think it was enough to scold people. I didn't stand on tiptoe any more. I even stamped my feet fiercely. 

This appearance, this pair of action tone, is really in the aggressive curse, good. 

But in the small guy this small bean curd body, coupled with that childish babbling, inexplicably some lovely and pitiful. 

Tan Mingjin was originally out of control because of the interaction between Shi Qing and the passer-by (yes, in his eyes, this is a passer-by a), and her gloomy face gradually warmed. 

The man's face with a gentle smile, he went to the front, straight to the angry when Qing side. 

Carefully stretched out his hand, with a little resolute, slowly held the young man's soft hand. 

When Qing's body is stiff, white face shows a few silk hesitation, turn head to look at Tan Mingjin. 

"You..." 

"Shi Qing, I misunderstood it before." 

Since Tan Mingjin has figured it out, she will never try vaguely. Instead, she holds Shiqing's hand and takes out a ring from her arms. 

This is a man's ring. 

In this way, he slowly put the ring on the young man's slender fingers, with a serious look and firm eyes"I wanted to give it to you for a long time." 

"Shiqing, would you like to be my partner?" 

When you blink, look down at the ring. 

It's a foul ] 

he couldn't believe it was done by Tan Mingjin, who had done a series of notes on orphans. 

But in the end, I couldn't resist the temptation, and then I clenched Tan Mingjin's hand. 

Young people are a little unwilling: "OK, since you are so beg me, I can't help but promise." 

Tan Mingjin's eyes immediately burst out of a huge surprise. 

He couldn't wait to ask Shi Qing, "shall we go abroad to get the license today?" 

Shi Qing looks at the ring on his hand and looks at the dog in front of him. He is full of expectation and looks at his tan Mingjin, pretending to be hesitant. 

Seeing the expression on Tan Mingjin's face gradually changed from expectation to caution, and from caution to nervousness and fear, she hummed and lifted her chin: 

"OK." 

When Cheng Yunling came back, only her boyfriend was left in the living room. 

"What about Shiqing? Is Mr. Tan here? " 

Boyfriend: "here it is. I've already taken it. It's just now." 

Cheng Yunling heaved a sigh of relief and collapsed on the sofa: 

"thank God, the little ancestor has finally left." 

She stretched out her hand and patted her boyfriend on the shoulder: "tell me about you. In the end, I am your girlfriend or Shiqing is your girlfriend. I play games with him every day. If I don't know you are straight, I have to sweep you out of the house." 

Her boyfriend also knows that these days is indeed some neglect her, hastily flattered peeled the orange, carefully sent to her mouth. 

"It's my fault. It won't be like this again next time. Let's go on holiday. My family has developed a new island, which is very interesting." 

"What's interesting about the island? I don't want to go." Cheng Yunling ate the orange, just shook his hand, suddenly suddenly sat up: "wait, your home???" 

My boyfriend was at a loss: "yes, my family." 

Cheng Yunling: 

Cheng Yunling: You have an island 

Her boyfriend scratched his head suspiciously: "yes, what's the matter?" 

"Isn't my family a tourist company? I often buy an island for development, but this island will not be opened to tourists for five years. It must be very interesting. You can go and play with me for a few days. " 

When he finished, he added, "didn't you say you wanted to participate in that variety show? I've already said hello, and when we come back from the tour, we'll be in time. " 

He is also very happy, dog eyes to his girlfriend for praise. 

Cheng Yunling: 

She jumped up to pinch him as soon as she stood up. "You are a rich second generation, why didn't you say it earlier!! Ah, ah, ah, you know I agreed to that little jerk of Shiqing for that variety show 

"I've suffered a lot these days!! It's a waste of time 

"I'm wrong. I'm wrong. Although my family is rich, I'm not as rich as Mr. tan? I didn't know how much I liked men before. I thought he chased you, and then I felt inferior and didn't dare to say... " 

Cheng Yunling almost couldn't lift it without breath. 

You have an island in your family, and you feel inferior. 

Are rich people so modest?!!! 

Although she felt that she was really in vain, she was very happy when she thought about it carefully. 

Although her boyfriend is a little silly, white sweet game fans of the rich second generation, but at least still very good at cajoling people, beat the leg, pinch shoulder, peel fruit, coax her mood relaxed. 

Cheng Yunling is in a good mood, relying on his boyfriend, which makes him a little bit happy. 

"you don't need to feel inferior. Although Mr. Tan has more money than you, he certainly is not considerate. I tell you, I thought that Tan Dong could not accept Shiqing. As a result, he didn't know that Shi Qing was happy with him and laughed me to death. God was fair and gave him more than ordinary people His high IQ didn't give him the same Eq 

In addition, the little bastard of Shiqing is so awkward and undeserving. 

She couldn't help laughing when she thought about it: 

"look, it may take them a long time to get together." 

Or her boyfriend. 

Is seriously to Cheng Yunling peel orange boyfriend: "they have been together ah, today a said to open on the card." 

He looked at the sky outside, calculated the time difference, and nodded positively: 

"I think I've finished getting the certificate." 

Cheng Yunling, who was gloating at his misfortune, said, "I'm not sure." 

What to do if the orange suddenly doesn't taste so sweet. 

They decided to "go to bed" early because they had a major breakthrough today (that is, they opened their family background and the inferiority complex of their boyfriends). 

After taking a bath and applying fragrance, Cheng Yunling has just got into the bed when the mobile phone alarm rings.Eight o'clock sharp. 

Time clear "study" time. 

She breathed a sigh of dispirited, and was about to climb out of bed to make up lessons with the little ancestor, and suddenly remembered. 

Isn't Shiqing gone already!! 

After the reaction, Cheng Yunling was moved with tears. 

This little ancestor doesn't have to torture her anymore. Ha ha ha!! 

No longer have to be forced to "class" at eight. 

I don't worry about the pillow next to me in the middle of the night. When I get up, I see my boyfriend secretly opens the copy. 

I don't have to listen to this little bastard cry any more. I have to watch him eat in the bedroom. 

Thank God for letting her go! 

After that, she must put the little ancestor in her hand and devoutly support her. 

After getting the certificate from Tan Mingjin, Shi Qing suddenly hears the system prompt tone: 

[Ding! Cheng Yunling's rejection degree: 49 out of 100] 

system music wants to set off firecrackers; [wonderful host!! We don't have to be kicked out!! ] 

Shi Qing: [I have said for a long time, as soon as I leave, her rejection degree will definitely decrease. ] 

but in this small villa in China. 

As soon as the alarm is turned off and the quilt is covered, Cheng Yunling, who is planning to celebrate with her boyfriend, suddenly lifts the quilt and his head comes out. 

No! It was Shi Qing who tortured her all the time. 

He doesn't torture her, isn't that right?! 

She thanks a fart!





 Being envied by Cheng Yunling, Shi Qing is not as satisfied and happy as she imagined. 

Tan Mingjin is indeed very good to him, every day is a pair of hate to hold him in the palm of his hand to treat. 

He wants to play the game. Tan Mingjin, who has been promoted from uncle to lover, not only won't stop him, but also specially takes the time to learn how to play the game, so as to meet the needs of lovers who can't find anyone to open the black. 

He makes a fuss and doesn't want to go to work, and Tan Mingjin agrees that he doesn't have to go to work. 

Even if he asked Tan Mingjin to accompany him at home, the man still agreed to come down without blinking his eyes and moved the office directly to the home. 

The assistant who knows all this now looks at Shiqing's eyes as if he is looking at a Nine Tailed Fox that enchants the king. 

That's Mr. Tan!!! 

Overtime maniac, workaholic, all want to go to the company's Tan Dong ah!! 

Unexpectedly, because this time big little a word, returned home to work. 

Daji is just like this. 

Of course, even if the bottom of my heart is full of "lying trough, lying trough", "unscientific, unscientific, unscientific", on the surface, the assistant is still the strength when blowing. 

"Mr. Tan, it's really good to be young. Playing games can really relax your mind and body. You see, here are all kinds of game strategies I've found for you." 

"It's right not to go to work sometimes. According to what you mean, he will inherit the company. He can't train at the grass-roots level. It's better to teach him at home." 

"Working from home? That's a good idea. It must be time to worry about your health. In fact, I've long wanted to tell you that your working hours are too long. You should pay attention to rest. " 

The result of speaking out of conscience is that the bonus is more than one month. 

With more and more money in the small vault, the assistant can't help sighing that it's no wonder that there has been a lot of flattery since ancient times. 

Flattery is really comfortable. 

Of course, his bonus can be so smooth, or rely on Tan Mingjin as always believe in time Qing (blind). 

In his eyes, Shiqing is good everywhere. 

Since I was with him, the little guy was afraid that he would run away, and he was nervous to be with him every day. 

When eating, put your hands on his legs. 

At work, the head rests on his legs. 

Even when sleeping, it is the whole person who would like to nest in his arms and be held tightly by him. 

Such a pitiful little guy, how can not let Tan Mingjin heart accompany him. 

However, Shi Qing felt more and more dissatisfied recently. 

He thinks, this matter is wrong. 

He and Tan Mingjin got the certificate, but they didn't make the most important step. 

Don't say PA, not even the side of the word PA. 

How can we tolerate this!! 

But I don't know if Tan Mingjin is too used to uncle and nephew's way of getting along with each other. I've got the certificate. He's been coquettish on his legs. When he sleeps at night, the whole person would like to drag his whole person into each other's arms! 

Tan Mingjin didn't do anything yet!! 

He was discontented, but people could not let him push down the goods himself, only a variety of strong hints. 

But! 

Tan Mingjin could not be moved every time. 

Every time!!! 

The system saw that the anger of the host was getting more and more serious, and carefully suggested: "host, do you want to use the old method to prescribe the medicine? ] 

it vaguely remembers that there was once a world like this. 

Shi Qing: [No. ] I don't believe it. Can he really ignore me! ] 

in the afternoon of that day, when Tan Mingjin was working in her study, the youth came with her little quilt. 

These days, because Shiqing always wants to follow him, men are used to sitting on the sofa working in front of the notebook. 

When Qing came over, he leaned his head on his legs, and his soft hair rubbed against him. 

Tan Mingjin touched his head and said in a soft voice, "dear, it's not comfortable to sleep here. Do you want to go to bed?" 

When Qing soft voice, whine: "I want my uncle to accompany me to bed." 

Tan Mingjin beat the keyboard hand a meal, legs some unnatural move, dry cough a: "good, uncle accompany you to sleep." 

The young man got what he wanted and stood up again, happily went to the bed in the study and patted the pillow with a look of impatience; 

"come on, uncle, hurry up!" 

The man's Adam's apple rolled up and down, and he felt as if he were a little dry. 

He stepped out, carefully sat down on the edge of the bed, and then watched Shiqing skillfully roll to the bed, the whole person rolled into the corner, still did not forget to stretch out the thin white finger, pulled the corner of his coat, asked him to come up too.Tan Mingjin's eyes darkened and her heart was hot and dry, so she went to bed. 

Shi Qing lies in his arms. 

"Uncle, I'm so hungry..." 

Tan Mingjin was stunned and said in a hoarse voice: 

"I'll give you some food below." 

Shiqing: [lying trough!! So exciting!! Has he evolved?! ] 

he nodded and looked at Tan Mingjin eagerly: "good, good 

Is holding out his hand to harmonize, the man suddenly sat up and got out of bed. 

Shi Qing: "uncle, where are you going?" 

"I'll go to the kitchen," Tan said as she thought of what else was in the kitchen 

"Here you go."





 In the clean and bright kitchen, the handsome man with outstanding temperament stood in front of the pot, seriously stirring the long and thin noodles in the pot with chopsticks. 

Mr. Tan, chairman of the board, is willing to wash his hands and make soup for his beloved. Of course, it is very moving. 

If this time point of making soup is not clear, he wants to do some unspeakable exercise time point. 

The young man carried the stool and sat at the door of the kitchen. The dead fish looked down at Tan Mingjin. 

Tan Mingjin a pair of long legs a little uneasy moved in situ, "when Qing, are you not happy?" 

"Happy, I'm very happy." 

The man hesitated to take a look, standing on his shoulder, facing the hour Qing, and looked down at the noodles in the pot. 

Hesitating, "why don't I call the restaurant to deliver?" 

"Boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, Pooh, Pooh, Pooh, Pooh, Pooh, Pooh, Pooh, Pooh, Pooh, Pooh, Pooh, Pooh 

Tan Mingjin hesitated more and more. 

See him this how can't point the appearance, when Qing helpless. 

He leaned on the chair and brainwashed himself that "the man I found would eat on his knees.". 

The young man raised his head and began to unbutton without expression. 

In the beginning, Tan Mingjin was the first person to be a "teacher" 

Then it was "!" 

It's getting late. When the street lights are on outside, some light comes into the kitchen. 

A pot has been cold out of the face lonely quietly stay in the pot. 

The system is already an experienced system, and it can count time skillfully according to human's patience. 

It also set aside a part of the rich time. 

Five hours later, he was careful to show his head. 

A mosaic. 

System 

No, it's been five hours. 

Moreover, it actually faintly heard the sobbing voice of Shiqing. 

System!!! 

The host is crying! 

Did Tan Mingjin bully him?! 

It would like to go out and help, but according to the * * rules, the system will avoid some unspeakable crossing behavior. 

So the system can only worry and carefully crawl back slowly. 

At three o'clock in the morning, Tan Mingjin was full of guilt and carefully helped to clean her body. The young man lying on the bed was already asleep, with tears on his face, and sometimes choked in his sleep. 

The man immediately more and more guilty, quickly changed a new soft towel, carefully wiped his face. 

"No more..." 

Perhaps in the dream to feel his close, the youth closed his eyes, sobbing to refuse. 

Tan Mingjin's heart is soft into a group, hastily lowered the voice, quietly coax "don't be afraid, I'll wipe your face." 

The man's gentle tone is very good to appease when Qing, he sucked nose, curled his mouth very aggrieved, very aggrieved to continue to sleep. 

Tan Mingjin was a thief again. She opened the window and let out the air. Then she put the dirty clothes into the bag and threw them out. When everything was ready, the man who had worked hard for several hours sat by the bed, looking at the sleeping youth. His eyes were full of sweetness. 

He really didn't expect that Shi Qing liked him to such an extent. 

The man satisfied to the quilt a drill, the whole young people are held in their arms to protect, only satisfied with the closed eyes to sleep. 

Tan Mingjin is in a good mood. 

The next morning, when I got up to meet the man's attentive care and millet porridge set meal, Qing's mood was not so wonderful. 

He was actually made to cry by Tan Mingjin. 

He's been seduced by this guy for several times, but never succeeded. 

Sure enough, it's been three years. Open your mouth and eat for three years. 

Tan Mingjin this is more than three years, he is to his 30 years of accumulation of energy all go to the Qing Dynasty. 

In this man's body turned over several times, Qing depressed to the quilt a drill, ignore him. 

Tan Mingjin sure enough more guilty, carefully coax "is my bad, I will not be like this next time." 

When Qing Deng nose face, cold hum. 

Tan Mingjin and soft voice coax "how do you punish me all right, get up first cushion stomach good?" 

"I don't want to wake up." 

The man quickly flattered the hand out, repair long hand fell on the youth's back, carefully help massage. 

Press by, originally still angry when Qing and the idea of horse. 

"Press down," he said 

"Hurry up!" 

Tan Mingjin fruit shun from continue to press down. 

Shi Qing said, "a little more." 

The man's slender big hand obediently continues. 

Shi Qing said, "you're a snail. Go down again." 

The system takes a careful look at the eye socket in the sofa, drinking Wahaha, wringing eyebrows, and placing his hand in front of his heart. When he thinks carefully, he suggests that the host's mood fluctuates greatly. I suggest you take a rest.Shi Qing reached out, and an apple appeared in his hand instead of Wahaha. He took a mouthful of it, which was still the heartless look before. 

111111. 

System Ding! Please be ready to jump into the world. 

Before Shi Qing opened her eyes, she heard a woman's voice crying, "my brother Qing was hurt by that slut. How can I bear it? If I marry my sister Xi, I dare to wait so slowly and insult my brother Qing." 

He continued to listen with his eyes closed for a while, probably guessing that it was his mother who was crying. 

Their family power is still very big, and he is the only male in this family, so up and down everyone loves him like a pearl. 

Because he was a woman, his sister-in-law was not so lucky. He married people of almost the same family. As a result, the other side didn't say nothing to his sister, but also bullied his brother-in-law. His mother was crying and planned to come to find an explanation. 

When Qing listens, behind is his mother sobs, simply looks at the memory directly. 

Republic of China? 

The young master who was lying on the bed pretending to sleep had an image of a warlord with broad shoulders and thin waist, riding a horse, and his expression was awe inspiring. 

Hey, hey, hey, hey. 

He likes it.



Arc 10: Rich Young Master

 When the inventory to see the memory is very clear. 

After all, this body is only 16 years old this year, and the previous days are almost the same. He simply combined the original plot to scan. 

This is an aerial novel of the Republic of China. 

The original author set up that in the present period of warlord melee, such a city was not affected by the war because it was sheltered by the Grand Marshal. 

In this city, the young ladies of rich families are still the same as usual, comparing clothes and jewelry, and the young masters of rich families are still fresh clothes, angry horses and all kinds of fun. 

For them, today's chaotic situation has no influence at all. They are still the young master and young lady, brother and sister. 

The family of the male Lord was with the family of the original Lord in this city called Hecheng. 

However, although they are children of rich and powerful families, their fate is very different. 

The male Lord's family is a big family. The descendants of his lineage alone can have more than 100 people. However, he is just a servant girl born by the master of the second room after getting drunk together and pulling a girl at will. 

Although the way of life has changed now, for these big families, everything is still the same as before. The aunt wants to have several, paying attention to the legitimate and common people, and paying attention to the blood origin. 

Therefore, it can be imagined that as a child born to a slave, even a common son can not compare with the male master's life. 

But! 

He's the man! 

As a man, he can't live like this all his life. 

As a result, when he was a child, because he was not qualified to go to school or had no money to go to the school outside, he had to secretly listen to the class by the window to supplement his knowledge. 

When he grows up and knows something, he has his own plan. 

As a male owner, of course, there are cannon fodder that would be harmful to him, but he is a scheming man, and they all resolve them one by one. 

As a result, the man who had been able to live a good life suddenly suffered a lot. 

The thing is like this. The whole Hecheng family, which has the same status and power as the river family in Hecheng, is the family of Hecheng. 

Different from Jiang's family, which is the place where the descendants are everywhere, the descendants have been withering away. Even if his father's hard-working aunt Nai tries to have more big fat boys, his daughter has a lot of children, and the only male is the original owner. 

Therefore, it can be imagined that such a single seedling, even if he did not strive for success, was spoiled and arrogant, it was still the lifeblood of the whole family. 

However, the legitimate son of the second master of the Jiang family, that is, the elder brother of the male Lord, married the real sister of the lifeblood. He did not treat the family well. He drank flower wine outside and said that he would take a prostitute back to bed with him. 

No matter in which era, the status of prostitutes is low. 

This brainless guy used prostitutes to compare with the girls of the Shi family. That was like stepping on the face of the whole family. It was strange that the original owner who was invited to the flower boat could bear it. 

He was not a forgiving man, so he went to fight with the young master of the Jiang family. However, he was arrogant. He had been protected by others since childhood. How could he fight? If he didn't fight, he was pushed into the water. 

After being pulled up, the young master of the Jiang family was also aware of his own mistakes. He was afraid that he might cause trouble and did not want to take responsibility for himself, so he directly pulled the male master out to carry the pot. 

He also relied on the chaos at that time. No one could see that he pushed people down. Anyway, the original owner just wanted to find someone to vent his anger. There was a step down. Therefore, the male master was not valued. In the eyes of the Jiang family, even a servant was not as good as him, so he became the vent of the original Lord. 

In front of so many people, with his whip, the original Lord has been beating the man for 100 times, until he fainted in pain and did not stop in the past. 

Fortunately, he was a young master, and he had just been picked up from the water. His strength was small, so the man didn't die. 

The man who was beaten a hundred lashes did not escape the master's claws. His brother-in-law was afraid of being blamed by the time family, so he simply gave the man to the original owner. 

Yes, even if they are brothers, but his legitimate son can be full of confidence to send the concubine brother out. 

The appearance of the male Lord is similar to that of the di brother. However, the original owner and his brother are not able to deal with each other. It is not easy for the two families to tear apart their faces. When he is upset, he regards the male Lord as his legitimate brother, which is used to whip, torture and vent his anger. 

The man had been tortured for two years. When he was 20 years old, he managed to escape. 

After that, he saw the gods and killed the gods all the way. He directly mixed up with a famous warlord. 

And as a stumbling block in his life, the original Lord saw such a person who had been humiliated by himself to ascend the high position, how could he not be flustered. 

He was afraid of revenge after the male leader, so he had no choice but to attack the Grand Marshal, which made the Grand Marshal angry and sent soldiers to kill him. 

But a man is a man, and he certainly won't take it easily.Seeing that the situation was not good, he simply turned the other way. He took his troops and horses and fled to another warlord who was rebellious. The two men united to kill the Grand Marshal and take over the Marshal's troops. 

After that, as Shi Qing thought, the man who became a warlord finally won the world. 

He almost knew why he was a villain. 

After all, although the original owner's own ability is not much, can not stand his backstage strong ah, as the only man in the family, but also out of the law, that is the whole family, up and down to the old lady, down to those common women, are holding. 

His father didn't like him very much. He thought he was incompetent and arrogant, but he couldn't stand it. He was his only son, and he would inherit his family business. Therefore, Shiqing was in the whole Shijia, not in the whole Hecheng. 

Time clear system. Check the repulsion. 

System Ding! The exclusion degree of jiangbieyu is 100 out of 100 

there is no suspense about the exclusion degree. 

Shiqing is used to it. 

He was excited to know that the male Lord would become a warlord in the future. 

He just sat up and listened to the woman outside. 

Shi's family moved from the south of the Yangtze River, and her voice was soft and waxy, so her swearing sound was not disgusting at all. On the contrary, it was quite pleasant. 

When Qingzheng was in a good mood, I suddenly realized something. 

Open your mouth and say something tentatively. 

Sure enough, the same soft glutinous, curse people are not strong.





 Outside the courtyard, his mother-in-law is still scolding. 

The voice is soft and soft, and the pronunciation is slow, just like a coquettish one. 

"whose young master is not afraid of melting in his mouth, but afraid of falling in his hand. How come the young master of Jiang's family is not so expensive as ours? My brother Qing is still the only man in the family. He pushed my brother Qing to the cold lake and only wanted to push a common son to deal with this. What a daydream 

Then a few soft talking girls were Persuading "madam, don't be angry. Naturally, our family should talk about Tao and Tao, but it's our uncle at that time, and it's not good to explain." 

"Pooh 

"I don't know what the master thought of him. He married my sister and didn't stay well. He talked about my sister together with the woman in the kiln. The Jiang family was just a military family. He didn't cherish it when he got married. What kind of uncle is he?" 

It's just that she didn't tell us anything about it even though she hated her voice. 

When their daughter becomes a wife, they are in trouble. What if something that doesn't have any rules finds trouble with her daughter. 

When Qing heard almost, he called out "come on." 

"Qingge'er is awake?" 

Almost immediately, the curtain was lifted, and a well-dressed, pretty girl came in with a happy face. When she got to the bed, she carefully looked at Shiqing's expression. She was relieved to see that there was no pain on his face. 

She said in a low voice, "brother Qing, don't want to have a conflict with people next time. They are from the military family. Our brother Qing is weak. How can we compare with them? This time, we are scared. My wife has been crying for a long time." 

Outside, the wife also heard the movement of the house, her face a joy, quickly turned around and ran back to the room, as soon as she saw her son sitting on the bed, tears pattered all over her face. 

"My mother's brother Qing, I'm scared to death. If something happens to you, my mother won't live." 

With such a crying look, Shiqing doubted that she had some incurable disease instead of "beating people with a whip when she got out of the water.". 

It's no wonder that the original owner was spoiled by the lawlessness. The master and servants of this room looked at him in the same way as a baby. 

"My son, you should stay at home and stay at home. You are not allowed to go anywhere until you are cured. Your mother knows that you also love your sister, but you should not be involved in it. The Jiang family are all rude people I hurt you. " 

When Qing obediently nodded, a pair of "I am particularly sensible" appearance, happily should "mother is at ease, I do not go." 

When his wife did not trust a look at him, and then took a handkerchief to wipe the corner of her red eyes, "I can't believe you, mouth full of no truth, before also said that a man's three wives and four concubines is good, in the twinkling of an eye to run out for your sister's anger." 

Although this is a little coquettish complaining about his son cheating himself, the tone is also a bit proud. 

After all, she not only loves her son, but also her daughter. Now, in order to help her daughter, she is glad to see her son. 

However, Shiqing knew that it was not a fake. 

He is a hegemonic, from childhood to most people hold pet, want a what, open mouth said a lot of people can't wait to hold to him. 

Although Shi Xi was his own sister, the status of the woman was still not high. In the eyes of the original owner, this sister was no different from his common sisters. 

Even if this sister loves him, in his eyes, it should be. 

His brother-in-law takes concubines and plays with women. In his eyes, it's not a big deal. It's normal for a man to have three wives and four concubines to play. What makes him angry is that Mr. Jiang compares his sister with a prostitute who sells himself. 

He and his sister and his mother's compatriots, round to the nearest, are not they taking him to compare with prostitutes? 

When he could not be wronged, the young master immediately lifted the table and beat him up. Unfortunately, he ignored that he had been rich in clothes and food since childhood, and his shoulder was able to resist what he could not pick. On the contrary, he was killed by others. 

Shi Qing vaguely remembers that in the original plot, because the Jiang family specially asked someone to carve a big cricket with a big arm in jade to make amends to him. He accepted the gift, and on the surface, he would have uncovered the matter. 

As for his sister's experience in the Jiang family, it was not in his eyes. 

Although women are no longer in the emperor's heart, they still feel sad when they want to marry their wives. 

Shi Xi, who was a compatriot with his mother, died within five years. 

This matter did not leave any waves in the heart of the original owner.When Qing thought about it in his mind, his wife was saying in a soft voice that he should be good at home to recuperate. He was not allowed to hang out with people. If he felt bored, he could send a post to let the husband of another family come to their house, but he could never go out. 

Shiqingdu, uh ah, ah, should be. 

He is not so perfunctory himself once or twice, when his wife is also used to it. She is planning to order those girls, and suddenly listen to the son in front of him asking 

"mother, where is Jiang bieyu 

"Jiang bieyu? What is Jiang bieyu? " When the lady did not respond for a while. 

Shi Qing "is the man I brought back. He was sent to me by the Jiang family to make amends." 

As soon as he heard that it was the Jiang family, his wife's face immediately showed indignation. "I listen to the wind around you, that is, he pushed you into the water, and then he was thrown into the firewood room." 

She was very angry, thinking that if her son was picked up later, it would be very likely that she would be separated from her forever, and her heart would ache. 

"I don't know who gave him the courage to push the young master of our time into the water, but he was just a commoner." 

The tone of her voice was soft and clear, and she did not express any opinions. 

This is the tone of the times. 

Being a housewife and a common son are natural opposites. 

What's more, it was the person who had harmed her son. If she didn't remember that this was the Jiang family, it was not easy to dispose of it at will. Madam Shi really wanted to throw people out and freeze to death. 

Count the time. In half an hour, Jiang bieyu will die. 

It could have been frozen to death, it could have been bleeding too much, and more likely it had been starved to death. 

After all, in the original plot, before being called on board as an emissary, Jiang bieyu is shut up and starved for three days because of Jiang Liye's deliberate fault finding. 

He asked his wife, "mother, please send someone to bring him here. I have something to ask him." 

Shi's wife hated and rejected the culprit of "Harming his son", coaxing her son to say, "my dear brother, he's bloodstained, and then you've got this room dirty. Besides, after looking at it a few times before, she found that although he was injured, he was very tall. If he suddenly breaks out and hurts you, what should I do?" 

When the wife should have this worry, she was born petite, see that kind of tall person, the heart will have some timidity. 

In addition, Shi Qing followed her. Although she was only a little shorter than her peers, she had a slender skeleton and looked very petite. When she was provoked, she always thought that her son was still that child and she would always protect her when she needed help. 

She suggested, "well, what do you want to ask him, send someone to ask, say hello, and then send someone back to deliver a message?" 

Shiqing pretended that she didn't recognize her. She held out her hand and held her sleeve. She whispered in a soft voice, "these words are not easy to be known. Your mother, you can bring people here and ask more boys to escort them." 

Although she knew that he was always used to cajole people, Shi's wife could not resist her son's soft appearance, so she answered him and asked people to bring Jiang bieyu in. 

Jiang bieyu was soon brought in by the boy. 

They all know that this is the main culprit of his young master falling into the water, and his attack will be light hearted. It is better to say that it is brought in, rather than directly thrown in. 

No matter how tall Jiang bieyu's body is, when he is thrown on the ground, because of the blood on his body, he looks pitiful. 

Regardless of the time, the lady stretched out to stop his hand, stubbornly lifted the bed under the ground. 

He had no socks on his feet, and his white feet fell to the ground, because there was a thick soft blanket on the ground, and there was a fireplace in the house, but he didn't feel cold. 

But the house was very busy because of his action. 

When the wife a stack of voice orders: "all silly stand doing what, still dare not close the window, blowing clear elder brother son again." 

And a girl quickly took a warm cloak, put on the body of Shiqing, and the girl took a small and delicate stove from the quilt, carefully handed it to his hand. 

So when Shi Qing went to Jiang bieyu and squatted down in front of him, he was dressed in a warm cloak and holding a delicate stove in his hand. He was well served and could not stand the cold air at all. 

There are girls behind her, holding soft white stockings specially bought from the south of the Yangtze River, asking in a soft voice 

"brother Qing, put them on, don't let your feet get cold." 

"No 

When Qing refused very simply, waved to let her go down, the girl's face showed worry, but in the end did not dare to disobey his order, can only bite the lip, and carefully back down. 

This series of events is enough to show his status in the time family. 

Compared with Shi Qing, who was thrown to the ground, but refused to face down, the parting that was only supported by hands seemed more miserable. 

His face was bloodstained and pale. His back clothes were tattered because of being whipped. The wounds on his body were ferocious and even bleeding. From the perspective of Shiqing, his face could not be seen because he lowered his head.The young master, who always wanted something, held the stove in his arms and stretched out Bai Shengsheng's Jiu. He gently pushed the back of his hand, which was still clean. 

"Look up." 

Jiang bieyu did not resist, nor did he escape, but slowly raised his head in silence. 

As soon as his face came out, a few little girls beside him let out a cry of surprise. 

There are girls to block in front of the clear when. 

Shiqing waved them back, but they still refused to go down and read, "brother Qing, the fierce man in life, what do you want to ask him, or let someone tie him up, what can you do if you hurt him again?" 

As they said this, they also looked at Jiang bieyu with vigilance, as if the next moment the man who was beaten to death and had no strength could jump up and show his fangs. 

No wonder they are so afraid. It's Jiang bieyu's appearance is too fierce. 

It's not that he's ugly. If you look at it carefully, he's really very handsome. It's just that the combination of eyebrows, high nose and thin lips always makes people think of wolf, tiger and leopard for the first time. 

Still have that look, lifeless, as if with a strong anger. 

Look at a person, like these timid girls, all want to hurry to hide far away. 

To sum up, one sentence doesn't look like a good person. 

Even though the country is in chaos, the aesthetics of China still tends to look like a gentleman like jade, such as Jiang bieyu's fierce look. No matter how handsome he is, people still can't help but fear. 

Jiang bieyu has long been used to being ostracized when others see his face. He looks expressionless and lowers his head again. 

As before, try to hide your face. 

As he grew up, this appearance caused him a lot of trouble. 

The little girls saw him dodging, but most of the men with higher status were keen to see him humiliated with such a face. 

After all, although he is only 18 this year, he is a tall man with a fierce appearance. To humiliate such a person, watching him suffer can always make some people who are instinctively afraid of his appearance and temperament happy. 

Jiang bieyu's stomach is so hungry that he has a fever. The wound on his back is also in a sudden pain. He really has no strength to deal with other things. He can only try his best to avoid it. 

If scared in front of this is a thousand Jiao ten thousand pet young master, certainly does not have his good fruit to eat. 

Jiang bieyu consciously lowered his head and refused to let Shi Qing see it, but Shi Qing became more interested. 

He squatted down again, stretched out his green finger tip, and pointed it on Jiang bieyu's cheek, poked it, and his tone was still arrogant and domineering, but because of the soft and waxy tone, he was not so fierce. 

"what do you do with your head down? Didn't I make you look up?" 

Since he was born, he has never done any work. His whole body is tender, including the nails. 

By soft, tender and hot fingertips point cold cheek, Jiang bieyu body subconsciously a shudder, obediently raised his head again. 

"Ah 

Seeing this handsome face that always makes people feel cold and afraid again, another young girl exclaimed, trembling and asking Shi Qing, "brother Qing, he is so fierce. Are you not afraid of him?" 

"What's so terrible about it? I look at it with dignity." 

In front of Jiang bieyu, the young master with all kinds of fine clothes in his hands showed an interesting smile. He put the stove on the thick carpet at random, and a pair of white soft hands fell on his face. 

The hand may have been warm because of holding the stove before. It fell on Jiang bieyu's cold cheek due to ischemia, which even made the man feel a little hot. 

He looked at the young master in front of him in silence. 

The young master is smiling. His delicate and beautiful eyebrows are full of interest. His beautiful red lips are slightly cocked up. His soft hands knead Jiang bieyu's cheek and raise his head to follow the girl to talk 

"do you think this is not terrible?" 

He deliberately squeezed Jiang bieyu's face together. It should be ridiculous if he fell on someone else, but it seemed to make him more fierce when he fell on his face. 

The little girl carefully looked at the man whose back was covered with bloodstains on the ground, and his face was white with bloody air 

"it's still terrible, brother Qing, don't play, he will hurt you again." 

"He dares." 

Shi Qing was confident and patted Jiang bieyu's cold cheek, "unless he doesn't want to live." 

The young master didn't use much effort. His hands were soft and tender. When he patted Jiang bieyu's face, he felt as if he had not been beaten, but had been touched. 

Of course, under the eaves of other people's houses, even if there is such a feeling, Jiang bieyu does not speak out foolishly. 

Only silent listening, squatting in front of him, kneading him as something fun, the young master asked him in a pompous voice;"Do you know that Jiang Liye has given you to me." 

Jiang BIE Yu's eyes were slightly dark, and he opened his dry skin lips and said, "I know." 

After opening the mouth, he found that his voice had been hoarse and out of shape. It sounded terrible. 

The young master in front of him turned away his hand and said, "I have a good face. How can I hear such a bad voice? I'm really blind in this face." 

Jiang bieyu hung his head in silence and did not explain. 

Shi Qing lost interest because of his voice, and did not pat him in the face. He stood up directly and took the stove from the girl and looked down at the man on the ground. 

"Since your elder brother has made the decision to give you to me, our family also has rules. After you sign the deed of sale, you will be my servant." 

When she didn't interfere with her son, she was stunned and hurriedly pressed her handkerchief. "How can I do this? But he pushed you into the water. If you were not rescued, you would be killed by him. How can such a harmful spirit stay with you?" 

When Qing waved, disapproved of the appearance of "he looked strong, in the future I drunk wine, can let him bring me back, take good care of." 

"He takes care of you..." 

When the wife is very disgusted up and down to look at a river not more. 

"He looks rough and rough at first, and he looks fierce. How can he serve you well? When you come back drunk in the past, these women will take care of you. If he is replaced, how can he take good care of you?" 

Madame Shi is a very gentle and traditional woman. She always pays attention to her husband's marriage and her husband's death from her son. Although her husband is still alive, Shi Qing is the only man in the family. She is not very opposed to Shi Qing. 

But now, she is really upset that Jiang bieyu almost killed her son. 

"No, my mother doesn't agree. How can he take care of my son when he pushes you into the water again? If he is violent again, he will push you into the water again!" 

When Qing saw the situation, he could only say that "it was not he who pushed it, it was Jiang Liye." 

Jiang bieyu on the ground frowned slightly and raised his head to look at the young master who was still embroidered with flowers on his clothes. 

He was sneering, his face was full of momentum, but unfortunately that soft voice broke the momentum directly. It sounded like he was coquettish to his wife at that time. 

"I saw it with my own eyes. It was Jiang Liye who pushed me." 

Jiang Liye is the husband of his own sister. 

When Madame was stunned at the moment, she couldn't care to oppose Shiqing's practice of leaving Jiang bieyu. 

Although she has been crying and scolding, but it is only Jiang Liye who dares to beat her son, and Jiang's son pushes his son into the water. 

Unexpectedly, he pushed it into the water himself. 

She was stunned for a long time. Her tears fell down again. She stood up and scolded, "he is a black hearted man. He treats my daughter badly and kills my son. I was blind at the beginning and agreed to marry my daughter. How can he not die? I like to drink his blood, eat his flesh and shave his skin." 

Although her voice was pleasant, she said a series of incessant curses: "this animal died early. It's good to have done harm to my daughter and my son. When he dies, I'll clap my hands and take someone to dig his grave. Even if he can't die, I'll blind his eyes and let him go out again and behave recklessly." 

She is also relying on the fact that all the people in this room are Shi's own. She is also angry, but she wants to scold several times. Unexpectedly, when the curtain is lifted outside, a little girl runs in. 

"madam, the master came back and said he wanted to see brother Qing." 

She had just finished, a beard, the face of the spirit of the middle-aged man will stride in. 

Just when she was still swearing at her waist, she immediately changed her face. She was not fierce, nor did she look at her momentum. 

Sitting on the bench, he took the handkerchief and drooped his head slightly, sobbing and crying in a low voice. 

"How? I heard that qingge'er is ill? " 

As soon as his father finished this sentence, before he could see clearly the situation in the house, his wife called out "master!" as she sat on the stool 

She turned her head and threw herself into her father's arms. She was very delicate and sobbing and choked. "Look at how our brother Ching has been bullied and humiliated by their Jiang family. Pushing down the water doesn't count. She has to force him to hit people with his own hands. Qingge'er is ill." 

When the father did not understand the situation, he looked at the son standing with the stove in his arms. "Didn't he say that qingge'er was picked up after falling into the water, and then he became ill after blowing the wind?" 

When the lady took a veil and sobbed, "qingge'er has been well kept by us since childhood. How could his body be so bad? If he blows a little wind, he will be ill. It is obvious that he was scared by them 

"They In order to prevent our family from investigating brother Qing's falling into the water, they forced us to beat people in person. Master, you know the temperament of brother Qing. You are the most timid. How can he not be afraid of seeing so much blood? My brother qinger, Wuwu, master, you must be the master for us. "Watching the whole process, Jiang bieyu silently looks from the whispering cry, as if very delicate when the wife took back. 

He also looked at the young master next to him. He was also upright, and nodded his head. 

"yes, Dad, you see, the witness is here. You can see that his blood scares me."





 When Qing added this sentence, he didn't speak any more. He took a look and was looking at his wife, who was changing her face quickly. She also followed him. 

Mrs. Shi's cry is delicate and timid, but it seems to be the cry of a green bird. Because of the soft, pitiful and delicate tone, Shi's father's expression almost immediately coaxed her in a soft and low voice. 

don't cry. Isn't our brother-in-law looking at nothing When the wife gently hit her husband with a powder fist, sobbing, "Jiang Liye is out to compare 710 prostitutes with us. Brother Qing is eager to protect her sister, so she comes forward to argue with him. But who knows, Jiang Liye doesn't look at your face at all, and pushes us into the lake directly. 

In such a cold weather, our elder brother Qing was weak since he was young. If he was not lucky, he would not be able to stand in front of you and me. Qing Ge'er was frightened, but they deliberately threatened him to beat people with a whip. 

My father's eyebrows wrinkled at once when "Jiang Liye pushed his brother qinger?", "what's the point? Isn't it a common son's push? 

No, it's just Jiang Liye's pushing him to back the accusation. Qingge Er told me that Jiang Liye pushed him, smelly and absolutely wrong. When my father listened to his wife's words, he went to see Shi Qing, who was lazily leaning against the wall ”"Brother Qing? 

when counting and nodding" is not, Dad. He pushed me by Jiang Liye, and said that even if I was a young master of the Shi family, he didn't pay attention to our Shijia. 

His voice was soft as Madame Shi's, and his voice was as soft as that of his wife's. 

What Jiang Liye said at that time was clearly "if you dare to beat me, I must go to the Shi family to seek justice, even if you are the young master of the Shi Family". How could this change the meaning of Shi Qing's mouth. 

But when the father to listen to, not only to listen to, he also listen to the face of iron blue. 

Everyone knows that when he was in Hecheng, he only had such a single Miao Miao. Even if he didn't look up to this son and didn't make progress, he told others that he was a villain. That was also a single Miao Miao. 

Jiang Liye! 

married his daughter and didn't stay well, he even killed Shiqing. 

His father even thought deeply about the conspiracy theory. If there was something wrong with halal, Jiang Liye would blame a common son, and he would be very clean. 

At that time, his family had no successor, and only Shixi was a legitimate one. When he and his wife passed away, the wealth of his family would surely be left to Shixi. 

Jiang Liye is also Shi Xi's husband. When he thinks about it, Shi Qing's death is good for him. 

His father's face was black and transparent. 

Of course, in the process of thinking about these things, he did not think about the common sisters and sisters of Shiqing. 

The water thrown out by the married daughter, not to mention a common girl, has been living in the yard with her aunt. Ten times a year, I can't see where she lived in the hospital when she was a child. She was hugged and coaxed by herself, and she took her brother-in-law out of the house to play with. 

The more he thought about it, the more he thought it might be Jiang Liye's conspiracy against their family. Maybe the Jiang family was involved in it. No one knows. They were well-known rich families in the south of the Yangtze River. In the past, they were rich, but they were afraid of being officials. But in today's world, as long as they actively send money to the big man, they have a background. 

Nowadays, in addition to military power, money is the most important thing. Why did the Shi family move to Hecheng so quickly? It's not money! 

although the Jiangs are the local forces of Hecheng, they are not rich enough. When they first came to Hecheng, they were under great pressure, but they fought a fierce battle. 

If they were not local people and had some foundation in the end and both families suffered losses in the fight, how could the Shi Family marry their family and squeeze them out long ago 

I didn't want to cut throat, but there was no mole or throat. The two families of Shijiang were married, and the Jiang family was ambitious and full of evil. 

Is this a bully or something when you look at them. 

"Master? 

when the wife carefully pinched the handkerchief, looked at his father's ugly face, and quickly put out a worried hand to touch his chest." don't be angry or angry, you look wrong. 

When the father came back to his senses, his expression returned to normal. "Nothing, brother Qing, you are sure that Jiang Liye pushed you. 

of course. 

The young master is still as upright as ever. Leaning against the wall, he leans lazily against the wall, and his soft and waxy voice is lengthened, which makes him a bit naive and clever. 

"if dad doesn't believe me, just ask Jiang bieyu. 

He pointed to the man with blood on his back on the ground. His attention had been put on his wife and son since he entered the door. Then the father found that there was still a man on the ground. 

He twisted his eyebrows to look at the dying man, how to see how miserable, and doubtfully looked at his son who did not strive for success. 

The surname of Jiang is a witness again. It's clear that there is no lynching when he is surnamed Jiang.As soon as the young master touched his suspicious eyes, he immediately understood it, and then he turned a blind eye to him. 

dad, don't look at me like this. This is what he did when I brought him back. 

After all, Shi Qing beat people before they brought them back. 

Jiang bieyu took a dark look at Shiqing again. He saw the young master standing barefoot on the thick carpet with his slender white fingers holding the stove. He looked at him. Shiqing lifted his chin slightly and showed confidence in his delicate eyebrows and eyes. 

He was confident that Jiang bieyu would not tell the truth. 

Jiang bieyu really can't say anything. He drops his eyes again and looks like a transparent man. 

When the wife saw that her son started, she immediately followed him. 

No, master, look, they are so cruel in the Jiang family. This is the brother of Jiang Liye. Although he is a common son, he is also a close relative by blood. He even forced us to start. He pitied my brother Qing. He would have been timid if he hadn't scared them When she came back, she would not have a high fever. 

when she came back, her crying voice was quiet again. She cried well, but it was not very annoying. Therefore, in his father's ears, he also became tired of the Jiang family and was a little jealous. 

He worked so hard to open branches and leaves, so many years, he had only one son of Shiqing. Jiang family Ding Xing h, even push people out of the back pot are used by men. 

How can I not let my father be jealous. 

Although this point of his jealousy is a little wrong, fortunately, it is also in accordance with what his wife thought. 

When the wife began to sob, "pity our Xi sister, dry Jiao Wanchong grow up, did not expect to be married to such a dandy, younger brother want to make a start for her still be beaten like this." 

At one time, his father's expression turned into anger at the Jiang family and Jiang Liye, and then turned into pity for his wife. However, he was not a cheat. He just stood there and didn't know what to do. 

Or when Qing said, "Dad, you see what your mother is crying like, but you don't want to coax her mother. She has angina pectoris. If she is too sad for a while, what should I do. 

When she had angina pectoris, her wife had this problem. 

however, from the beginning, she played a weak role in front of her father. Now, as soon as she was reminded by her son, she immediately pressed her hand with tears on her eyelids on her heart, frowning slightly, and she looked very uncomfortable. 

When the father was startled, and his son reminded him, he quickly stepped forward to hold his wife and coaxed her in a soft voice. 

"don't cry, and then frighten brother Qing. You and I will go back to the yard and discuss how to deal with this matter." 

When the lady saw good, she nodded softly, "I listen to the master. 

At that time, the father did not care about anything else. He helped his wife to go out. The girl standing by the door immediately lifted the curtain. 

When he saw them go, he turned around and yawned, and ordered lazily, "come on, I'm starving. 

As soon as I finished speaking, when I heard his son's words outside, my father opened the curtain and leaned out half of his body. His face was serious. He scolded, "eat, eat, you know you can't leave the house these days. Read a good book for me. Look at the brothers of the Liu family, one by one 

Outside came the lady's coquettish voice: "master, help me quickly. 

"Here it is. 

When the father quickly back to answer a, the wife in the back urged, now is not the time to teach his son, he can only stare at the face of "I can't hear not hear" when Qing, put down the curtain hate to go out. 

As for Jiang bieyu on the ground, his father didn't pay attention to it at all. 

Jiang Liye was able to let Shi Qing bring back Jiang bieyu, who had been beaten up like this, to his home, which showed that he had no position in the Jiang family. 

At that time, his father was still angry, and he did not care about such a humble son. 

When the master and hostess of the house have left, the eldest in the house is only left when Qing. He was so relaxed that he put down the stove and picked up the cold water on the table to drink. 

Ai Qing elder brother, this has been put cold, can't drink. 

As soon as he put the cup to his mouth, there were three or four girls with anxious faces to stop him. 

There is no poison in it. What do I fear if I take a sip. 

The young master finished and drank the glass of water, regardless of the girls' careful obstruction. 

After drinking, she lost the stove and ran back to Jiang bieshe with great interest. She squatted down, stretched out her soft little hand with a little hot feeling, and patted the man's cold and hard cheek. 

How old are you? How old have I never seen you in Jiang's family? 

maybe it's because his hands are too soft, or maybe it's because of Shi Qing's soft and sticky tune that people can't mention rejecting and disgusting. Jiang's face is patted, but Jiang Bie Yu doesn't feel much insulted. 

He looked down like a wolf who had to avoid the edge for a while. He hid his tusks. He was very docile and lived in the yard with his aunt 

The young master was very satisfied with his meekness. He reached out and touched his head. He took back his hand when he felt the dry blood on Jiang bieyu's hairAlmost as soon as his face showed disdain, a girl nearby rushed to pour water into the basin; after confirming that the water was warm, he quickly sent it to Shiqing. 

he was also used to such a great hand to go in without moving himself. In addition, a girl carefully washed his hands for him to ensure that each slender white finger was clean, and then took over the softness of the girl's tears Towel, carefully a little bit of time clean dry. 

It's not finished when it's dry, and then another girl, holding the soft cream on her hand, is careful to put on the young master's hand which has not suffered a little. 

Wash a hand, when Qing didn't say a word, there were four girls serving him, silent and respectful. 

However, Shi Qing's face did not show any pride and ostentation. He took it for granted, as if he had not been taken care of in such a meticulous way that he was wrong. 

he showed Jiang bieyu exactly what a young master is. 

Jiang bieyu is indeed the first time to see such a young master as Shiqing, who is treated like a little ancestor. 

The Jiang family is a military family, and there are not so many rules in the house. Moreover, although the status of the Jiang family is established, it is far inferior to that of the Shi Family in terms of money and wealth. Naturally, it will not raise so many girls and children. 

Jiang Liye's kind of young master is just a little more beautiful, such as Jiang bieyu's son, every month there are few cases of poor, but also to break some servants 

Bi Jingjiang's family has many children, not rare a common son. 

Where is like the time family, the wealth also had only when the Qing so a single seedling. Up and down, they all wish that the young master lost a hair and would be like a big enemy. Jiang bieyu is still so docile on the surface, but in the bottom of my heart he is calm and calculating the current situation. 

When the Qing Dynasty confirmed that Jiang Liye was deliberately pushing him into the water, but also with his wife, Shi Fu. 

This time, Jiang Liye is bound to be involved in ten systems. 

Because of this, he felt better. 

Although it may be difficult to stay at home in the village, is it the same with staying in the river family? 

we still have to collect information and find an opportunity to escape. Now the world is still in chaos. Although it is very dangerous, it is also a good time to get ahead. He was thinking, young master clean hand, again to pat his face. 

Xu was just touched by the soft and cool green, so the original not so obvious aroma was stronger this time. With the action of Shiqing, the faint fragrance of Osmanthus was dyed around Jiang bieyu's cheek. 

He looked up at the young master in front of him with his light colored eyes. 

The color of Jiang bieyu's eyes is very light, maybe because of this, when looking at people, it always seems to contain some inorganic cold and thin. 

Just as most people don't like snake's eyes, most people don't like Jiang bieyu's eyes. 

His father thought that he was a white eyed wolf. He didn't smile when he saw himself. He only looked at people coldly. 

His brothers thought that he looked vicious, like a wolf, but this "evil wolf" had no status, so they liked to bully Jiang bieyu and get the pleasure of "conquering the wolf". 

But now, he is still the wolf. He is very charming, but he doesn't show any fear on his face. He even touches Jiang bieyu's eyes with his tender hands. 

Jiang bieyu didn't close his eyes, so he opened his eyes, feeling the soft unreal hand circling around the outline of his eyes. 

The girls beside them are tense one by one, as if the next second Jiang bieyu will die violently and hurt people. 

The girl who grew up with Shi Qing whispered, "brother Qing, he's really scary. Do you really want to keep him? 

What's frightening? I think his appearance is very powerful. 

The young master is still holding on to his own opinion. He looks at Jiang bieyu's eyes with fascination and yearning. His soft voice is full of love for 

"such beautiful eyes, if they grow on my face. 

This attracted the girls to look at each other, do not know when the Qing aesthetic is not normal, or should advise him not to think about this kind of irrelevant things. They are entangled, but Jiang BIE Yu's body is stiff and stiff, heavy look when clear one eye. 

This is still For the first time, he was praised for his good-looking eyes. 

From birth to now, what Jiang bieyu hears most is the rejection of his appearance. 

In this era that has not yet been fully opened up, Jiang bieyu's humble status, which is too tall and does not conform to Hecheng's aesthetic taste, makes him look like a white eyed wolf. Jiang's father said that he was insulted by words 

even though he never took those people's words to heart, he felt that he looked vicious and not liked by people. But now there is a young master who has been carefully cared for by many people from hair to toenails, as if carved out of jade. It's hard to describe how it feels to Jiang bieyu. He just keeps his eyes open, so that he can appreciate his "good-looking eyes" more clearly. 

Ding! Jiang bieyu's rejection degree is 99 out of 100 Shi Qing is good; he also gave me one, which is not a loss. 

although he said that he had calculated the degree of rejection of Jiang bieyu, he did not lie. 

Jiang bieyu is very beautiful, and his eyebrows and bridge of nose, that is, he was born at the wrong time, which is not in line with the current aesthetic. 

In addition, he is not in a high position, and he usually wears grey hair and looks dirty. 

but now that people are in his hands, it is easy to handle this matter. 

A smile appeared on the young master's white and tender face. Yiqiao came in with a dish of dishes. He turned around happily and took a piece of meat with his chopsticks, and then handed it back to Jiang bieyu's mouth. 

"Are you hungry? Come on, have a piece of meat. 

Although he was feeding him, he only looked at Shiqing's laziness and didn't care. As long as a person can see how to make such an intimate and active young master, he didn't pay much attention to Jiang bieyu at all. 

Rather than feeding Jiang bieyu, he seems to be feeding some fresh toys. 

Jiang bieyu grew up in a variety of negative words and emotions, which can be seen naturally. 

He was not angry or insulted. He opened his lips obediently and ate the meat. 

Is it delicious? 

seeing the man chewing, the young master's smiling eyes bent, and he took the handkerchief from the girl and wiped the corners of his mouth for Jiang bieyu. Jiang bieyu nodded in silence. 

"When I asked you if you were good, you had to answer me 

the man's obedient answer" delicious. 

Good to eat. Eat more. 

The young master's eyes and eyebrows were brisk again. He simply turned around and took a plate of beef. He squatted beside Jiang bieyu and fed them to him one by one. It's OK that Jiang bieyu had a big appetite since he was a child, and he didn't hold on to such a plate of beef. 

When he finished eating, he was quite satisfied. 

He reached out again and couldn't put it down to touch the man's face in front of him. He followed the cold line and touched the small stubble on his chin. 

The stubble is small and hard, and it sticks the hand very much. The young master doesn't pay attention to it. After touching it, he pricks his finger belly and takes back his hand immediately. 

Qing Ge'er. 

"But what's the matter? Is there any bleeding? 

come and get the ointment quickly. What are you doing? Qingge, I'll blow it for you. 

The women in the room immediately became nervous, and they rushed to sell one by one, as if Shiqing had been scratched a big hole to frighten people, instead of being lightly pricked by stubble. 

The young master who grew up in such an environment is naturally very delicate. He frowned and looked at Jiang bieyu with dissatisfaction. The conductor took him down, gave him a good bath, shaved his beard, and then brought him to my room. 

All the women were soft and hesitant. They were afraid of Jiang bieyu's appearance and felt that he was so frightening that he must not be a good man. 

but the young master made the decision, and they did not dare to say anything more, so they had to follow the instructions of Shiqing. 

Jiang bieyu is injured all over now. He must not be able to walk. He is tall again. These women who have been raised at home since childhood and can't lift their shoulders and hands must not be able to move him. 

So he went outside and called a boy. He moved the man over and took a bath. He shaved his beard and found a new suit for him to wear. 

Jiang bieyu had a wound on his back, so he shouldn't have taken a bath. However, after he was beaten, he dragged on the ground for a while, and the stones and dust inevitably got into the wound. Now that he has taken a bath, all these things have been removed. 

When she was getting dressed, another woman came over and said that the young master had sent her to deliver the medicine for acne. The boy didn't know the specific situation. She even sent people to deliver the medicine when she saw Shiqing. She thought Jiang bieyu was taken seriously, so she helped him with the medicine carefully. 

Jiang bieyu was silent all the time, but at the bottom of his heart he was wary of the fickleness of Shiqing. 

When he was young, he accepted that people would treat you well only if they had an intention to you. Before Shi Qing, he didn't look up to him. After he was pushed out, he whipped him with a whip. 

Now it shows the importance of the meaning, how can we not let Jiang bieyu be vigilant 

after he has finished, the female Niang comes to urge "hurry up, qingge'er urges you to hurry over. Jiang BIE Yu back pain, the face is also white, just as usual followed back to the house when the Qing. 

In the house, the young master was nestling on the couch, and a girl was feeding him fruit by fruit. He also held a Persian cat in his arms. His long hair was very domineering. 

He seemed to like this kind of cat very much. When he looked down at it, his expression was full of love. He also reached out to tease it and fed it fish by himself. His bright and clear eyes showed his love for him. 

I don't know why. Jiang bieyu always thinks this scene is familiar. 

I don't know what it was playing with. Shi Qing exclaimed, turned away and threw the cat on the bed. He repeatedly said, "the cat scratched me. Take it down to have a manicure. Bring it back to me."The women are a flurry, for him to deal with the wound treatment wound, holding the cat holding cat, careful pacification. 

This is the appearance of the previous Kuma River farewell to eat, but also by his stubble when clearing hands. 

It's the same.





 When Jiang bieyu was brought forward, the young master was cleaning his hands again. He was still served by four girls. When he wiped his hands, his eyes fell on the man who had washed and washed, and his hair was still wet, and he had changed his clothes. 

At such a glance, Shi Qing's eyebrows could not help wrinkling up and asked, "how did you put on this dress for him?" 

The woman who brought Jiang bieyu in was stunned, and quickly fufu's body. She replied, "didn't the young master say that he would stay in the mansion? We found the servants' clothes for him 

Before that, Shi Qing said that Jiang Liye had given Jiang bieyu to him, and said that he would sign a contract to sell himself. Naturally, they felt that Jiang bieyu was going to be a servant. 

"No, I can't The young master was still languidly leaning on the couch, letting the last woman rub frost on his hands. He looked at Jiang bieyu's dusty clothes with dissatisfaction. 

"He was born so well, it's not good to wear this kind of clothes for him." 

Say, when clear lift chin, "take paper and pen." 

His words are affirmative command tone. The woman in charge of the paper and pen did not make a stumbling. She quickly turned around and took it and put it on the table. She polished the ink beside her. 

The young master came down from the couch and stood barefoot on the blanket. Immediately after that, a series of soft and soft voices from the ladies were heard? Put on your socks. You haven't been ill for a long time 

"Put on this cloak, just now the window of the house has been opened, and it will be blown again." 

"Brother Qing, please slow down." 

Soft female voice interlaced, the room for a time as if lively up. 

Jiang bieyu is very out of place in the bustle. He just stands there in silence and looks at the little young master with bare feet. He chases several girls behind him and comes towards him fiercely. 

Until he got close, he naturally stretched out his hand, took Jiang bieyu's wrist and took him to the table. 

When Qing was young, he didn't mention any heavy objects. He was very charming and had little strength. Fortunately, Jiang bieyu cooperated with him. 

Seeing that Jiang bieyu was coming with her, the woman, who was grinding her ink, turned pale and tensed. She looked at the man who stood up more and more tall and fierce. Her eyes were full of fear. 

"Qing, Qing brother..." 

Shi Qing naturally saw the fear in the girl's face, and the young master immediately felt proud, as if he was proud of "others are afraid of themselves", and at the same time, he was very rude to laugh at her. 

"you women are timid, and now he is my man, so there is nothing to be afraid of." 

"All right, all right. Get out of the way and let Jiang bieyu sharpen my ink." 

"Yes." 

The woman, if pardoned, hastily blessed her body and retreated respectfully and carefully. 

The young master took the lead to the table, looked at the paper on the table, and reached out his hand with satisfaction. 

After touching it, he noticed that Jiang bieyu was standing still, but not angry. Instead, he said to Jiang bieyu in his soft voice, which is the same as his mother. "Didn't you hear that? I want you to come and sharpen the ink for me 

It was quite like a rebuke to carry out the words, but Shi Qing's voice was soft and he didn't have much anger. He had a good temper. 

Jiang bieyu didn't really think the young master in front of him had a good temper. 

Shiqing's reputation in Hecheng is still very big. The only son of the Shi family is spoiled and spoiled. Every day, he spends time and money and plays with other people. Because the children of Hecheng are not rich, he can't help being arrogant and complacent when dealing with people. 

When facing others, they also want them to hold him. If they don't hold them, Shiqing will not give them any good face. 

Before meeting this young master, Jiang bieyu only listened to the old-fashioned name of Jiang Liye. Every time, the elder brother who had never touched the wall in the mansion was gnashing his teeth and his face was full of reluctance. 

Often this time is not when Qing bought his favorite things, is when Qing outside did not give him a good face. 

Therefore, a long time ago, the young master's arrogance was already in Jiang's mind. 

However, he did not expect that the first meeting between the two started with Shi Qing's one hundred whip. 

He was able to coax his father with his mother, but he could not coax Jiang bieyu, who was the party. 

But now, this young master is a kind of indulgent attitude to him. 

Jiang bieyu didn't say anything. He went forward in silence and began to sharpen his ink. 

He is still very skilled in doing these things. After all, he doesn't have a servant like Jiang Liye in Jiang's family. If he wants to write, he has to use his own money to buy paper and pen. Naturally, he also comes to grind ink by himself. 

The man stands straight, while rubbing ink, he can feel the sight of the young master. 

He did not show any emotion. Although he was wondering why he should look at him with such eyes, he always looked down on his face and focused on the ink.Shi Qing is looking at Jiang bieyu's body proportion. 

The more you look at him, the more interested you will be. 

How to say it's a male master. Even if he was young, he couldn't eat enough and was not warm enough to wear, and he had to learn from his brothers. He could still grow into this tall figure. 

Shoulder width, slender waist, big long legs, flat abdomen, no abdominal muscles, but you can practice if you don't. 

When Qing looked more and more energetic, simply straight forward, patted Jiang bieyu's shoulder, and ordered, "you turn around." 

Jiang BIE Yu Mo's hand a meal, with a light colored eyes, a deep look, the face is full of happy young master. 

It's good. Why are you so happy all of a sudden? 

He was wary of what he could not guess, but he turned obediently. 

When he turned around and exposed his back, which was equivalent to weakness, to Shi Qing, and the eyes that could observe and help him could not help him a little because he was in front of him, his whole body was stiff and tense. 

The feeling of exposing his weaknesses made him very uncomfortable. 

When he was kicking Maoye, he was forced to hide behind him. 

Jiang bieyu is not afraid of injury. He just hates the situation that when the injury is coming, he still knows nothing and can't see anything. 

On the previous ship, when he was about to be beaten by Shi Qing, he clearly heard the young master who was all over his body, and his teeth were waving and his face was full of anger, saying that he should be beaten with 100 lashes. 

At least, he determined what the punishment was. 

When he was beaten, Jiang bieyu could lie on the ground, hold his fist, count in his heart, and wait for the 100th. 

Instead of being asked to turn over his back and deprive him of the sight behind him, he has no idea what Shiqing is doing and what he wants to do to him. 

Although he didn't get along for a long time, Jiang bieyu could see that he was spoiled and grew up almost without any loss. Shiqing's temperament was a little moody. He turned his face when he said that he would turn over his face. He could still hit him with anger before, but now he can touch his eyes with joy. 

The young master of the time family is capricious. 

His uncontrollability makes it difficult for Jiang bieyu not to think about the worst. 

After all, Shi qingneng smiles at him after hitting him, and kills him when he laughs. 

Jiang bieyu was thinking about it for seven times. Suddenly, he felt a soft hand falling on his back, as if he was measuring something, from the left side to the right side. 

The man's body was stiff because of this sudden movement. 

From behind came the young master's soft voice, as if it was fun. "Your meat is very hard, it's really strong." 

With that, he also took a few shots. Jiang bieyu never had such close contact with anyone except his aunt. Under such soft hands, his body was stretched a little bit. 

He stood stiff and stiff, feeling that the young master behind him was really measuring all parts of his body, inside and outside. After measuring one place at a time, he would stop to write something on the paper. 

Finally, the soft and arrogant voice of Shiqing rang again, "OK, turn back." 

The man was silent and submissive again. 

He turned back, as if unintentionally looking at the desktop, on the top of the paper, is really written something. 

The young master did not pay attention to where he looked, only patted him on the chest, "you are really strong." 

It is the first experience of Jiang bieyu's life to be boasted of his strong body with the eyes of love and yearning. 

He was a little stiff to avoid the sight of the young master, trying to keep calm on his face. 

Shi Qing didn't care whether he looked at himself or not, but tried to press his hand to the man's shoulder. He was dissatisfied and said, "lower your body, I can't reach you standing like this." 

This is not a fake. Shi Qing is not short among his peers, but he is only 16 years old this year. In this era, how tall can a 16-year-old boy grow. 

Jiang bieyu, on the other hand, is 18 years old, but his birth is much higher than other peers. Before he was on the ground, he was OK. Now when he stood up, Shi Qing found that Jiang bieyu was nearly two heads taller than him. 

What a heartbreaking height ratio. 

With such a big gap, what should we do if we do not coordinate when we carry out some kind of harmonious movement in the future. 

Fortunately, he's only sixteen this year, and he can grow. 

At the same time, Shi Qing wrote down in his mind about how to exercise more and drink more milk and grow taller quickly. On the other hand, he was very critical and pointed to Jiang bieyu, who was slightly squatting with him. "It's still too high." 

Jiang bieyu some don't understand why he suddenly thinks he is too high, so he tentatively lowers his head. 

The young master was satisfied. 

He reached out his hand and rubbed his slender soft fingers on a handsome man's face as if he had grasped some funny toy."Don't worry, you look so good, I will make you a set of clothes that best look best for you." 

Said, he also a little proud to get away from the body, let Jiang bieyu look at the paper and pen on the table. 

"I'll paint your clothes myself, and I'll certainly dress you up as the most powerful man." 

Then he turned his head and asked the ladies in the room, "wait, when I draw the clothes, you will make them." 

Women "..." 

"But you have never painted, brother Qing." 

"Yes, what's more, it's the tailor's job to draw the style of clothes. How can we do such a thing because our brother Qing is so delicate." 

"Don't be tired any more, ma'am, but she said that we should take good care of you and have more reading and rest." 

But the young master didn't listen to "reading is no rest. Who said I didn't draw a picture? I've done it hundreds of times in my dream. Don't stop me, but I'll dress him up myself." 

He said so, even if the women feel that Shi Qing can't draw anything, they dare not stop. 

Just think of the Qing elder brother son said after Jiang bieyu followed him to serve, one by one for the sake of Qing worried. 

If we really make clothes for Jiang bieyu according to the clothing patterns drawn by brother Qing, it is not that the young master of their family will be accompanied by a man in rags or strange clothes in the future. 

People outside are not sure how to laugh at brother Qing. 

A lot of women, regardless of other things, still have loyalty. Now that they can't stop Shiqing from painting their own clothes, they secretly decide that if they have finished painting, Qingge wants them to do it, and they will secretly do it more normally. 

The "artistic creation" of Shiqing was a whole day. 

Sometimes he was smiling, sometimes frowning and meditating, and he pulled the woman in charge of the cloth to ask about the characteristics of various fabrics. 

During this period, he also took Jiang bieyu to pat and beat for a long time, and all the women who watched were terrified. 

People in the tailor's shop usually measure their body weight before making clothes. How can they get to qingge'er? It's the same as the butcher who patted the pig to see where to start when he went to buy meat. 

The women were terrified. They were afraid that something might happen to halal. They sent a girl to inform the lady in the yard. 

When she came, Shi's wife was in a good mood, and her father finally decided to be angry and happy with her tears. After listening to the girl's words, she didn't take it seriously. On the contrary, she thought that they were making a fuss. 

"when I was a brother-in-law, my young master couldn't even afford to waste some pen and ink cloth? If he is willing to do it, let him do it as long as he doesn't get tired. " 

As long as Shi Qing can keep his body at home, let alone that he wants to draw clothes and make clothes by himself, even if he demolishes the house, his family can afford it. 

It's a big deal. Take it down here and cover it over there. 

It can be seen that the hegemonic reputation of the young master in Hecheng is also reasonable. 

The housewives in the yard said so. Even though the women in Shiqing's house thought that their brother Qing was too serious, they still didn't dare to do anything else. 

When the Qing Dynasty finished painting, he waved triumphantly to let Jiang bieyu, who was still standing on one side and was very calm, came to have a look. 

"Come and have a look. This is what you'll be wearing." 

Jiang bieyu comes forward and looks at the Xuan paper according to the young master's wishes. 

On the rice paper, a rough dress was exposed in front of him. 

The reason why it is so rough is that Shi Qing's painting skills are too moving. 

For example, if ordinary people draw pictures, they draw a cat. 

When Qing painted, it was a match cat. 

In a word, from the perspective of paper effect, it's hard to say. 

Fortunately, Shi Qing may have self-knowledge, and he marked what kind of cloth is used here to make what shape. 

On the whole, the preparation was very serious, and the results were dismal. 

However, the young master is especially confident and looks at Jiang bieyu. On his beautiful face inherited from his wife, he is full of confidence and full of confidence 

Jiang bieyu was silent for a few seconds. 

"Good looking." 

The young master got a satisfied answer and immediately laughed. His smile was curved and harmless. His beautiful eyes were dotted with stars, just like the most brilliant stars. 

Such a pure, clear smile, even in front of this in Hecheng infamous, quickly to have a dandy reputation on the face. 

Jiang bieyu was stunned. 

However, the young master who tried with him did not continue to look at him. Instead, he picked up the rice paper and handed it to the ladies to see 

"just do it according to this pattern, and there are labels beside it. If you don't know anything, you must ask me, you can't do it by yourself. This is the first time that I draw clothes by myself. You can't screw it up for me, you know."After seeing this kind of "design drawing", the ladies all look strange, but when they see the young master's "I'm so good" look, they can only be obedient and happy 

In a word, they can only make up for it. At least, they don't have to make up for it. It doesn't matter whether he humiliates Jiang bieyu. If brother Qing takes Jiang bieyu out with this dress, it will be a shame for the whole family. 

Although the clothes are supposed to be made for Jiang bieyu, he is very witty and doesn't express any opinions. He only commands and acts like a robot. 

After painting the clothes, the young master went straight back to the couch, holding the cat whose nails had been cut off by his servant. After playing for a while, he looked up and found that Jiang bieyu was still standing in front of the table, quietly and seriously rubbing his ink. 

"I don't draw any more. What are you doing there?" he said 

Jiang bieyu's hands did not stop. He raised his eyes and looked at the young man who was sitting on the soft couch with the cat in his arms. 

"You didn't ask me to stop." 

"I didn't say stop, you didn't stop?" 

The young master listened to the answer, and he was more happy. He took the cat to the couch and lay lazily on the pillow 

Jiang BIE Yu Shun from continued to hang his eyes and carefully grind ink. 

Seeing him on the couch, the woman who carefully covered his bed and stuffed her husband with soup whispered: "I didn't expect that this big man looks fierce, but he is still loyal and honest." 

The young master touched his cat and asked the woman who spoke, "do you think he is loyal?" 

"It's not. Brother Qing asked him to sharpen his ink, but he kept on grinding without saying stop. Although this man is fierce, he is somewhat honest." 

With Shi Qing's women, they were sold to their families when they were young. From childhood to adulthood, they received education such as "how to serve the master". In their eyes, loyalty is already a high praise. 

When the Qing Yang eyebrow smiles, looks at from afar that at the moment as if the body has a trace of angularity has also disappeared. 

He is still the same appearance, or that height, but because of deliberately slightly drooping eyes to cover the edge that should not have, and deliberately made a bit of wood gas, at the moment, the women working in the room have been visible to the naked eye, not as afraid of him as before. 

It seems that Jiang bieyu is going to settle down in his home first. 

He had just been mentioned before, should be that the family would not let him go, so those fierce momentum did not cover up. 

Now I know that Shiqing will not do anything to him for the time being, and asks for his contract of selling his body, so this guy goes with the flow. 

This wood looks like a real imitation. 

Shiqing yawned and decided to take a nap. He held his cat and closed his eyes lazily. 

He wanted to go to bed, but he didn't tell the woman who was busy in the room, but all the women who were paying attention to the master's body were all quiet. They did not do anything that could make a sound. They only did that kind of silent and would not make a noise. 

There was a moment of silence in the room. 

"Meow..." 

The domineering big fat cat that was held by Shiqing jumped down from the couch. She was afraid that she would wake up. She quickly took dried fish to feed it. But she only smelled it but didn't eat it. She cocked up her tail and opened her arms and legs, and went straight to the silent river. 

This is also understandable, after all, there is only a stranger in the house. 

Jiang bieyu also noticed that the cat was aiming at himself. He looked up. 

This is a typical Persian cat with long hair. Jiang bieyu has seen Persian cats. Most of the ladies in Hecheng have Persian cats. However, all the cats Jiang bieyu has seen are delicate and should be held in the arms wherever they go. 

When Qing this is very different, it has a domineering face, looking very fierce. 

This kind of appearance, which is not agreeable by reason, has made it a favorite of the young master of the time. 

Because the most important person in the yard dotes on it, along with those girls and boys, they dare not neglect it, so this cat is very proud. 

It looks at Qing Ge'er's line of sight is full of disdain, as high as a king. 

It should let every outsider know that this is its territory! 

The king of the cat jumped on the table. 

Before it gives each other a power, has no edge, wood like mechanical Mo Mo man slightly raised his eyes, glanced at the Persian cat in front of him. 

"Woo!" 

The king cat seemed to be intimidated by the beast. Subconsciously, he stepped back and quickly jumped off the table. He ran back to the couch and buried his head in the bed. The cat's buttocks were exposed outside. It was as quiet as a chicken. 

"Why? What's wrong with the cat 

A girl noticed the movement of the cat and looked curiously at Jiang bieyu. 

Jiang bieyu raised his face and whispered, "that cat is really good. He must accompany the master when he sleeps." 

It turns out that I'm going to accompany brother Qing. 

The woman put down her doubts, nodded and whispered, "naturally, qingge'er is very good to that cat, and it is normal for her to like qingge'er."Jiang bieyu nodded thoughtfully, "what you said is." 

"It should like it and be loyal to its master." 

So when she woke up, she saw that under the candlelight, the man was still rubbing ink. 

Perhaps noticing his sight, Jiang bieyu raised his head and looked at Shiqing's eyes full of loyalty. 

Nestled in the warm quilt, the young master just shivered. 

This guy, what are you playing with.





 Shi Qing always felt that Jiang bieyu had turned on some wonderful switch. 

He only slept for half an hour. Jiang bieyu seemed to want to open up. 

"Brother Qing, wake up. The slaves will wait for you to get dressed." 

As soon as the young master woke up, the women all came forward in an orderly way to dress for the Qing Dynasty. 

He must take off the outer layers of clothes, leaving only the innermost ones. Anyway, putting on and taking off are all served by others. He only needs to stand there and open his hands lazily. 

As usual, the young master's playful temperament got up again. He had been sitting on the couch and was served by the ladies. Suddenly, his eyes fell on Jiang bieyu, who was grinding ink, and raised his chin towards him. 

"You come and serve me." 

"Brother Qing?" 

After all, Jiang bieyu, who was tall and tall, didn't look like he would serve people. Besides, he didn't buy it seriously. Instead, he was forced to be detained at his home after being beaten. 

This kind of person, do not say his thick hand thick foot will not serve well, I am afraid is also the heart is unwilling. 

It is said that he is still a young master of the Jiang family. Although he is a commoner, he is more noble than those who are slaves and maidservants. How can he be willing to serve others like this. 

They are worried that Jiang bieyu feels humiliated and run away, but they always maintain a posture. The tall man standing at the desk silently puts down the graphite, cleans his hands first, and then goes to the couch obediently. 

At the moment, there is a girl kneeling, carefully and properly for the young master to tie the waist belt, Jiang bieyu to the front, also learn from her kneeling. 

The woman hesitated and looked at the tall man next to her, hesitantly looking at Shiqing. 

The young master raised his chin and motioned for her to get out of the way. She was worried and relieved, and quickly backed away. 

So the kneeling on the ground was replaced by Jiang bieyu. 

He is tall and tall. Even if he kneels on the ground, he doesn't look like the delicate and delicate appearance of that lady just now, but he is calm and natural. He stretches out long and slender hands and seriously ties a soft and light long belt. 

Shi Qing's clothes were cumbersome and luxurious. Because their family came from the south of the Yangtze River, their clothing style was still different from that of Hecheng. They could not count the accessories and language belts on their bodies. 

Although Jiang bieyu didn't touch this kind of clothes, he just saw his daughter's tie, so even if he moved slowly, he didn't make any mistakes. 

But I'm afraid he is slow. 

The man who is seriously wearing the belt is still, his expression is as usual, and his long hands have never stopped. 

As if he didn't notice, the young master didn't eat any bitterness since he was born. His feet were shaking in front of his chest. 

Once in a while, he didn't feel anything. It was still as if it was very boring. He used his own feet to stir up Jiang bieyu. 

The girl next to him and Jiang bieyu think it's time to humiliate him. 

A good man, who has been kneeling to serve him, still uses his feet to humiliate him. 

The women even let go of their breath. They were afraid that Jiang bieyu could not stand the humiliation and hurt others. They were all ready for it. If there was something, they would rush to protect the Lord at any time. 

Jiang bieyu did not have any reaction, still was just that pair of plain light has no feeling appearance, seriously and self-study will all need to tie up the accessories and belts are tied, then hang down his hands, motionless kneel on the ground, waiting for the next command. 

The young master was very interested in looking at the man kneeling on the ground like a tamed wolf. Bai Shengsheng's Ji extended his hand and deliberately rubbed in along the neckline of Jiang bieyu. 

His feet are not cold, after all, he has been sleeping comfortably in the quilt, and his feet are warm. 

Therefore, Jiang bieyu didn't feel frozen. 

But the young master's behavior, for example, is to serve him and humiliate others. 

The women in the room held their breath and felt that their young master was really brave. 

Just look at this man looks so fierce, even if you want to let him wait on him, send him to the nursing home, so that you can use it after teaching. 

Why do you have to do this? This is a young master of the Jiang family. 

And he was fierce. 

Jiang bieyu also knew that Shi Qing was intentional. He raised his eyebrows and met the young master's fearless and proud sight. His beautiful eyes were bright and full of expectation. It seemed that this was a very interesting thing. 

The man's silent drooping eyes let the soft foot deliberately step on him. 

When Qing saw him so calm, he was very happy and asked him, "why don't you avoid it?" 

Jiang bieyu's voice was hoarse, "you didn't let me escape." 

That's the answer. 

The young master's white and beautiful face immediately laughed, took back his feet, beckoned for food, and specially told 

"take more cakes. He must eat more."One of the women was ordered to come with a plate of cakes. 

The young master took the cloud cake on the plate and handed it to the kneeling man's mouth. 

"Good answer. Thank you. Open your mouth." 

Jiang BIE Yu Shun opened his mouth and took a bite. The cloud cake was first mellow, then sweet and soft. 

It's too sweet. People in Hecheng like salty food, but Jiang bieyu is not used to it. 

Seeing the young master let go of his hand, he took the rest of the cloud cake, hesitated whether to continue to eat. 

He had suspected that it was Shiqing who was deliberately playing tricks on him. As a result, he saw that the young master also took a piece and put it into his mouth before he finished eating the cake. 

Sweet and soft glutinous flavor into the mouth, when the comfortable slightly squint, enjoy the delicious cloud cake. 

He ate much faster than Jiang bieyu. Soon he ate one after another, and then reached for it after all three were finished. As a result, the woman carefully held the plate and stepped back. She raised her eyes carefully and looked at her face. She said, "brother Qing, did you forget that you can only eat two pieces a day." 

The young master, who had just been satisfied with his face, immediately fell down, but he did not get angry. He only talked with the girl about "you are good. If you don't tell your mother, she won't know?" 

Then he ordered some jiangbieyu's chest with tender white feet and soft feet. Maybe it was because he had eaten the cloud cake, his voice was sweet, and he said softly 

"you can see that I want this cake for Jiang bieyu. If my mother asks, you only say that the rest of the cake is Jiang bieyu's 

Jiang bieyu looked up at the young master who took him out to carry the pot. 

Well, what kind of reward is that Shiqing wants to eat it and use him as a cover. 

However, the female mother did not respond to Shi Qing's words, so she knelt on the ground with a plop. 

"brother Qing, you can spare the slave. If you let your wife know that the slave is deceiving her, you will certainly drive the slave out." 

The most terrifying thing for these women who followed Shi's family to come to this strange Hecheng from Jiangnan was to be expelled from Shijia. 

They were not used to everything in the north. They were tall, strong and crude men. They were not used to eating. Because of the war, they were riding horses in the city, regardless of whether they would hit pedestrians or not. 

If they are driven out, there is no way to survive. 

Jiang bieyu looked at Shi Qing and saw that although his eyes were full of longing for the cloud cake, he was still depressed by the entreaty of the female mother. He looked indignantly and turned his mouth and waved his hand 

"OK, I don't want to eat. Go down." 

"Yes." 

The woman, who was granted amnesty, still had tears in her eyes, but a light smile appeared on her face, and she went down with her plate. 

But the young master's sight line, actually all along yearns and anticipates pursues that cloud piece cake. 

Until his wife brought a plate of cloud cake down, he could not bear to take back his sight. He turned and saw that Jiang bieyu was holding most of the pieces in his hand, but had not finished eating them. He was immediately upset and kicked in the past. 

His strength is small, this foot passes, Jiang BIE Yu's body does not even shake. 

The little man looked at him with a smile. 

When he looked at it like this, the expression on his face changed from unwilling to anger to looking at his thoughtfulness. At last, his beautiful eyes flashed with joy. 

Just now, he was like a young master who couldn't get any sugar. He was arrogant again. The voice of glutinous voice raised 

"where's my cat 

"Yes, yes." 

After listening to the master's words, the maids in the room immediately began to look for cats. 

Just now the cat has been hiding under Shiqing's bedding. As a result, when Jiang bieyu came over, he ran out of bed as fiercely as he was scared. The women of Fangcai were busy dressing for Shiqing, and no one paid attention to it. However, they didn't know where it had gone. 

Fortunately, it's cold. The door of the house is always closed. The cat is easy to find. 

Sure enough, after a while, the children and women found out the old man from the bottom of the cabinet. Despite his uncomfortable struggle, they carefully carried him to Shiqing. 

"Brother Qing, the cat is here." 

"Put me on the couch." 

When Qing lifted his chin, looking at the more obedient cat, also did not go to reach for, only let put on the mattress. 

The cat went to bed and felt Jiang bieyu was beside the bed. He didn't dare to escape. He was scared to plunge into the bed again. 

The appearance of this advice is completely different from the arrogance and arrogance that Jiang bieyu had seen before. 

He hung his head and listened to the young master saying to himself, "why is the cat so good today? In the past, it's not always noisy?"Only a glance, then the cat "scared" the good man silent. 

Fortunately, Shiqing didn't go into it, but transferred his whole body to the couch. 

Jiang Liye thought he was going to play with the cat on the couch again. Unexpectedly, the young master waved at him and said, "come on, too." 

The man raised his eyes in surprise, but the young master couldn't wait. He pulled his wrist to pull him up. 

He tugged hard, white face because of the force and dyed a piece of pink in the cheek, but the man is still not moving like a mountain. 

Fortunately, Jiang bieyu's reaction was quick, and he got up spontaneously and climbed onto the bed. 

The women were curious and worried, but they didn't dare to ask. 

The young master was very considerate without asking himself, "I think the cat seems to like him very much. Let him help me coax the cat. You go out and serve him." 

"This..." 

"Brother Qing, let's stay inside. If there's something you can call us." 

There is a warm basin and a place to rest outside. Women naturally want to go, but they can't stand it. There is also Jiang bieyu, an unstable factor in the interior. They were not brought up by their parents when they were young. They looked so vicious. What if something happened. 

However, Shi Qing didn't consider their concerns at all. He just waved his hand and was very impatient. 

"let you go down. It's not far between inside and outside. Can't you hear me shout inside?" 

So it is. 

The women put down their worries and went outside obediently. 

Seeing them go, Shi Qing's face showed pride. He stretched out his hand and put down the curtain on the couch. 

After the unique thin and windproof curtain of Jiangnan was put down, the light on the couch immediately became slightly blurred. 

Fortunately, you can see what's going on inside. 

At least Jiang bieyu could see it clearly. As a thief, he peeped out several times. When he was sure that no one came in, Qingmeng breathed a sigh of relief. When he turned to him, his expression became more reasonable. 

He reached out to the man, his beautiful slender fingers moved, and his voice was also quiet 

"give me your cloud cake." 

Jiang bieyu looked at a piece of cloud cake that had been bitten on his hand, and said in a hoarse voice, "I have bitten it." 

"Know you bite, I don't dislike you, what kind of affectation do you have?" 

The young master is garrulous, because of the soft and soft tone of Jiangnan and the lowered voice, he is clearly complaining, but listening to it is like being coquettish. 

Delicate, soft. 

Another one who likes to be smart. 

Seeing that Jiang bieyu did not move, he simply reached out to take it, but inadvertently drove the mattress. He felt the breath of Jiang bieyu. The Persian cat, shivering under the quilt, was suddenly exposed, and he was a little flustered. 

Happened to see the master's hand is here, quickly flattered to lick that slender white jade general fingers, and then turned a take-off, drilling into the Qing's arms. 

The young master subconsciously hugged the cat in his arms. He held it in one hand and brushed his hair with the other. 

The expression is stiff. 

When he held the cat's head, he looked down at his face. 

He has been spoiled since childhood. The lawless young master never disdains to hide his mind, and obviously he is not very good at hiding. 

At least Jiang bieyu can see that Shi Qing is worried that his hand, which was going to eat yunpian cake, touched the cat. 

In accordance with the previous young master's disposition to wash his hands before doing anything, now he can't eat the cake after touching the cat. 

Unless you wash your hands. 

But just now, he had to put those women away. 

Jiang bieyu guessed Shi Qing's idea in his heart, even thought it was a little funny and ironic. 

Nowadays, in this world, a pile of corpses, frozen or starved, can be carried out in the city every morning, but at the same time, there are still times when the hands are dirty and refuse to eat with their hands. They are very delicate and wanton young masters. 

He didn't think it was fair or unfair, but he was more determined to leave Hecheng and work out a new road. 

Just thinking about it, Shiqing's soft, soft and indulgent voice rang again 

"are your hands clean?" 

Jiang BIE Yu looked down at his hands and said, "only after rubbing ink, I cleaned my hands." 

"That's clean, too." 

Finish this sentence, when Qing then opened mouth "ah." 

The man didn't move. 

The little young master immediately glared at him, threw the cat aside, pointed at him and scolded 

"I saw that you were born well, and I was kind enough to keep you down. I didn't expect to be such a dull head. Can't you see that I want to eat cloud cake? Now I've opened my mouth. I'm still so stupid that I don't feed me. I'll send someone to drive you out and let Jiang Liye grind you to death. "Unfortunately, his voice was the glutinous of Jiangnan people. He lowered his voice for fear of being heard outside, and his soft tone was immediately as sweet as sprinkled. 

It doesn't sound like swearing at all, but it seems to be scattering coquetry. 

Obviously, he scolded so high, and his expression was so arrogant. Jiang bieyu, who was scolded, was so strange that he couldn't be angry at all. Instead, he wanted to laugh in the subdued soft voice. 

It's a pity that the young master didn't realize his mood. Seeing his silence, maybe he was afraid. 

The young master's proud eyebrows opened his mouth to the man again, and his ruddy lips opened and closed. He did not forget to teach him a lesson 

"you should feed me quickly and be careful not to let the cake dregs fall on my couch. If they find out, take care of your skin." 

Jiang bieyu nodded and raised his hand. With his right hand, he handed the white cloud cake to the young master's mouth. His left hand held it below, waiting for the broken residue to be picked up. 

Because of putting down the curtain, the light inside is a little hazy. 

And it was in such a hazy light that the little young master, who was spoiled and had always had a domineering reputation outside, approached him in this way. 

Jiang bieyu found that although Shi Qing was always on the top, his skeleton was very small. When he got close to him, his slender neck moved forward slightly, and he looked more slender and white. 

The young master may cherish this hard-earned cloud cake. Instead of eating it like before, he carefully bit off a small piece. 

After entering the mouth, he squinted his eyes again, chewed slowly with relish, and felt the sweetness of yunpian cake. 

As he narrowed his eyes, his long eyelashes became more and more thick. From Jiang bieyu's angle, he could clearly see that the corners of the young master's mouth rose slightly, as if he had been very satisfied. 

Because every time he bit off a small piece, the young master cherished eating slowly, so at the end of each meal, he was still reluctant to chew his mouth, trying to find out the flavor of some cloud cake. 

Yeah, yeah. 

Yeah, yeah. 

No matter how hard you try to eat this piece of cloud cake for a long time, it will still be finished. 

The last piece of time left, the young master's face showed visible frustration. 

Jiang bieyu, looking at his appearance of wanting to eat and reluctant to eat, thought he was a little cute. 

He looked with great interest, and saw Shiqing take a deep breath, as if he finally made up his mind. He licked his lips, his red lips and teeth, and bit the last piece of cloud cake. 

Here we are! 

Even if it was the last piece, the young master still squinted silently and contentedly, trying to prolong the last piece of time to the longest. 

Jiang bieyu fixed his eyes on him, and saw that his beautiful little face looked from contentment to reluctance, and never to give up to pitiful. Finally, he swallowed in his throat like a young master's face. 

It's all over. 

Shi Qing opened his eyes, and his face was full of reluctant expression. He puffed his mouth and sighed, "it's finished so soon." 

Jiang bieyu looked at his lost little appearance. He didn't know what he thought. He said in his hoarse voice, "I still have one in my left hand." 

"Well?" 

When Qing Wang looked at his left hand, he saw that there were some pieces and crumbs of cloud cake on it. 

The young master's eyes brightened. 

Jiang bieyu opened his mouth and said, "these can be inverted..." Here you are. 

The rest of it choked in my throat. 

The palm has the feeling of wetting, as well as soft, let him feel stiff all over. 

The man keeps the original action rigidly, looks at is bowing his head to eat the cloud piece cake fragment in his palm when Qing. 

Young master is still like before, very reluctant to eat, for a while, slow. 

For Jiang bieyu, this is absolutely unprecedented experience. 

Clearly know that Shi Qing is not so close to him, but probably feel that he is his own property. 

Looking forward to that drooping eyes, eating seriously young master, the man had a kind of illusion for a moment. 

It's not that he watched him eat cloud cake at the request of Shiqing. 

Instead, he took the initiative and asked Shiqing to eat his food. 

This indulgent and delicate, lazy little young master, can only at his request, obediently bow his head, in his palm to eat the cake he wants to eat. 

Just thinking like this, the blood in the body seems to flow faster. 

And the young master who finished eating also raised his head. Because he had eaten the food he liked, there was no haze on his pretty face. He was comfortable. His pink tongue licked the debris on his lips. 

Righteously, he asked Jiang bieyu to "wipe it clean for me." 

The man stretched out his slender hand in silence and wiped the corner of his lips with the back of his hand.He rubbed his tender, beautiful lips. 

Once again, I rubbed the corner of my lips. 

When he got to the beautiful upper lip, Jiang bieyu's hand stopped there and suddenly said, "there's still a piece of it." 

The young master did not want to let go of any chance to eat yunpian cake. He opened his mouth and quickly licked his lips with his tender, pink tongue, and rolled that little piece of cloud cake into his mouth. 

He continued to be satisfied, but not willing to eat. 

I didn't notice whether there was a piece of wet on the man's fingertips with his own movements. 

Jiang BIE Yu's face did not show any clue, still is under the gentle and serious for young master wipe clean. 

Then slowly take back the hand, with a little bit of wet repair long hand hidden behind the back, slightly clench. 

The man's eye son sinks heavy, slightly changed the movement, covered should not be high the clothes pendulum.





 Shi Qing is in a crazy River farewell. 

He is very sure about this, but Jiang bieyu is very uncertain. 

He was indeed provoked, but "when Jin zunyugui regarded him as a servant, the young master was teasing him" was impossible. 

Jiang bieyu was bullied and trampled on from childhood to adulthood. 

2. Before and after being bullied and trampled on, we should deal with those people quietly. 

Although he is 18 years old and can have children in other people's homes, Jiang bieyu's living condition does not allow him to contact women of his age at all. 

All kinds of young masters have come into contact with a lot, but Jiang bieyu is humiliated as a dog every time. 

But now, even in front of the Jiang family, the young master of Shijia, who still can not give Jiang Liye face, uses this kind of action, such a move to attack him. 

Shi Qing was born to be beautiful. In addition, he was a young master raised in the rich and noble nest. It seemed that there was no place in his body that was not tender. Such a delicate and tender person could treat him so close. 

If Jiang bieyu doesn't respond, it's really a fairy. 

He had no expression on his face, but his body seemed to be hot, and his blood vessels were boiling. 

The young master is reluctant to part with his red lips, and his beautiful eyes are looking around on the couch, as if trying to find out a little bit of debris or small pieces. 

It's a pity that I've been careful about joining the river just now. I don't have any left now. 

Fat cat is still shivering because of Jiang bieyu's existence. He is usually arrogant and arrogant. At the moment, he has no left. However, his owner doesn't have the good eyesight to see. He is still coquettish and despises people in front of him, who is even more terrible than the beast. 

Shi Qing kicked Jiang bieyu again. His beautiful and delicate eyebrows were full of disdain and publicity that had never been covered up. 

"after eating, what are you still doing on my couch? Wearing this look, you are not afraid to dirty my couch." 

It's typical to throw it away when you've used it. 

Jiang bieyu's expression darkened slightly because of his attitude. 

If it had been, he might have thought that Shiqing's appearance was really repulsive. 

But now, there was something wrong with him. 

The young master's coquettish and disdainful look seems to be pushing away everyone who sees this expression. 

But if you change to a man who has another idea to Shiqing, his arrogance will only make people more and more interested in him. 

The young master, who was once arrogant and coquettish and refused to look down at others, cried and begged for mercy. His beautiful eyes were filled with pitiful tears and so on. 

The picture flashed across Jiang bieyu's heart without expression. 

As a commoner son of the Jiang family, men have always been very self-control. Therefore, the expressions and expressions that should not exist were well controlled in front of Shiqing. 

Under the sight of the young master's disdain, he got up in a very natural posture. 

His movement is a little slow, but fortunately it's not strange. The most important thing is that from the perspective of time, the young master will not see the parts that should not be raised. 

"Whet haw, are you a woman?" 

When he couldn't get food from him, the young master regained his arrogant and domineering manner. He leaned lazily against the wall, held the fat cat and touched it in his arms. 

The Persian cat with white fur and long hair was held in his arms by a young man in fine clothes. His slender white fingers scratched the hair and combed the cat carefully. 

But just looking at the soft and tender fingers, it is easy to imagine whether the cat's hair is smooth or the young master's fingers are soft. 

However, no matter what the result is, at present, Jiang bieyu is just a humble servant. He can't touch cats and people. 

The man went down and stood quietly to one side. 

Because there was no need to cover up the picture, the young master opened the curtain again, leaned back lazily, and raised his voice to ask the outside 

"how about the clothes I asked you to make?" 

There is a woman quickly come in reply "already in doing, clear elder brother son wait again." 

"My mother won't let me go out, and you haven't finished your clothes. I'm stuck in this room. What can I do to wait for?" 

The spoiled and charming young master grabbed a brocade bag on the bed and threw it out. Seeing that the brocade bag rolled on the ground for several circles, it fell to Jiang bieyu's feet. He was angry again and lost it again. 

This time, it just hit the man in the chest. 

"I told you to serve others, but I didn't even have a wink at you, and I didn't see everything?" 

Jiang BIE Yu Shun squatted down from the body, picked up two brocade bags, until the bedside, repair a long palm spread out, will be inside the two brocade bags are sent to Shi Qing's eyes. 

He is so free to fight and scold. He doesn't resist or complain. It's just like accepting his life. It's meaningless to get angry with him. 

When the white tender face revealed a trace of discomfort, but also did not find Jiang bieyu attack, just wave, fly general"I don't want it. I'll throw it away." 

The man immediately a command, an action out of the door. 

As soon as he left, when he came out to answer, Shi Qing's wife ran to Shi Qing with her skirt in her hand. 

"brother Qing, what do you want him to do with him? He's too scared. If you like a boy, ask his wife to buy you a good one." 

"You don't understand." 

The young master's face showed a bit of complacency, and his smile was also bad. "Don't you think he looks like Jiang Liye 

Female Niang "I haven't seen my uncle again. Elder brother Qing really knows how to laugh." 

"You haven't seen him. I've seen him. He and Jiang Liye are really brothers. Their looks are quite similar. But he looks better than Jiang Liye and his body looks stronger than Jiang Liye." 

"I still don't understand. He looks like my uncle. What does it have to do with your leaving him at home? He's my uncle's younger brother, and it's normal to look alike." 

Shi Qing waved his hand and looked lazy. "Why don't you understand? Jiang Liye is the legitimate son of Jiang family. I'm not easy to get angry with him. But Jiang bieyu is Jiang Liye's younger brother, or he gave it to me personally. You say, if I face Jiang Liye, do something to Jiang bieyu..." 

The expression on the woman's face gradually became a sudden realization. 

"Brother Qing, do you want to beat my uncle's face with this river?" 

"That's right." 

The young master admitted happily. He was still very proud, and raised his eyebrows. "And now Jiang bieyu is the servant of my family. Even if I do something to Jiang bieyu and give him to me by myself, I can't say that I'm not good at all. What I do to my own servant is nothing to do with him." 

He laughs very bad, like a child who has succeeded in conspiracy. "What's more, the master of the Tang Jiang family came to my family as a servant. It was said that Jiang's family didn't have to be laughed at when he went to my home. However, Jiang Liye gave it to me. Even if he regretted, he couldn't come back." 

In fact, the girl only understood that the young master was going to take Jiang bieyu and make a raft to vent her anger. She could not understand the rest, but this did not prevent her from laughing with Shiqing. 

With a smile, Shiqing heard the system's feeble voice Ding! Jiang bieyu's rejection degree is 100 out of 100 

host, what did you do? Why did the rejection rate rise again? 

The young master is still smiling on his fair face. When he hears this, his eyebrows are slightly frivolous. What can I do? I am a young master, but I can't tell him? 

System Host, are you in the show? 

Shi Qingxing, I can't help but tease you. Can't you cooperate with me to say that when the young master's literary and martial virtues unify the whole world? 

When the system is young master, Wen Cheng Wu De, unify the world! 

When clear suddenly was teased smile more fierce. 

Young master's voice has always been soft and waxy, even now laugh is soft and coquettish. 

But such a pleasant voice fell outside and stood in front of the window. Jiang bieyu, who listened to the words of the two masters and servants clearly, said it, but let him grasp the brocade bag in his hand. 

Again. 

It is also because of Jiang Liye. 

Even when he was beaten and brought back to his home, it was because he wanted to establish a career in the gas river. 

Brocade bag is clenched, the fragrance of Osmanthus inside is made rich a bit, light floated to the man in front. 

The fragrance of Osmanthus fragrans is delicious. 

It's like the smell of young master. 

Before Jiang bieyu was still wondering why a man in Shiqing had the fragrance of osmanthus. 

No osmanthus trees were planted in the yard. 

Soon after, he understood. 

The soft cream on the young master's hand is fragrant with osmanthus. 

The sachet in the pillow is sweet scented osmanthus. 

Even the clothes washed down on the body are to take a hot wall sprinkled with osmanthus powder to smoke dry. 

He should like osmanthus. 

Otherwise, you won't get osmanthus everywhere. 

Even this brocade sachet contains dried Osmanthus fragrans. 

It's like touching a young master's soft wrist. 

Jiang bieyu stood outside, always standing still, just like a real tree, with the lowest sense of existence and quiet listening to the words inside. 

Nu Niang grew up with Shi Qing, and she was very respectable in front of the young master, so she was free to talk. 

"but do you really want us to make clothes for him? Since qingge'er is going to use him to anger his uncle, why should he be so kind to him? If he wears good clothes, how can he be angry with his uncle if he takes them out? " 

"The establishment of business on the Qijiang River belongs to that on the gas river." 

The young master's voice is soft and soft, with a natural force. When he speaks, his voice sounds like he is going to pounce on people's arms and act like a coquettish girl. 

"Jiang bieyu is really very powerful and beautiful. I want to dress him well. You think, if he is so good, if he wears gray head and dirt face, it will affect my mood, but if he wears bright and bright, I will feel in my heart Happy. "The latest cloth is sent back to Jiangnan. It seems that it is not the most beautiful cloth that he sent to you 

The man's grip on the sachet was slightly relaxed. 

If you let him know that Shi Qing boasted that he was good-looking, he would be able to jump to 500. 

Jiang bieyu's face was still expressionless, but he let go of his hand and drooped his eyes slightly. He carefully made the sachet clean and tidy just by his own wrinkling, and then he carefully put it in his arms. 

The people in the room are still talking. It seems that the young master is praising the good-looking girl who is talking to him. 

"Brother Qing, you've always been beautiful since childhood." 

The woman in the room covered her face with a delicate smile. She was flattered. She was very happy when she saw Shiqing lying down with a bored appearance. She was blessed and turned back to do her own business with a smile. 

When the pure boast is not guilty at all. 

He really likes to see these beautiful little girls dressed up, each like a flower, shuttling around the house, a look very pleasing to the eyes. 

But he is pure appreciation, the original owner does not think so. 

People regard the beautiful women in this room as their own reserve. 

Thanks to the fact that the original owner was young, and the status of the Shi family was not very high because it used to be a merchant. Now it's hard to find a chance to climb up. Shifu has been trying hard to get closer to the legendary family rules. 

For example, if a man does not take concubines before he takes a wife, he can't have sons and daughters. 

Although there is no aristocratic family in Hecheng, it is in a mess everywhere, and the aristocratic family has been extinct for decades, but it does not hinder Shifu's determination to build Shijia into an aristocratic family. 

This didn't make the beautiful ladies in this room become the concubines in the young master's house. 

But I don't think it will. 

Shi Qing remembers that there were a few words mentioned in the original plot. Jiang bieyu came back to Hecheng to inquire about the young master of Shi's family. He got a few jokes about him. It seemed that he wanted to take the girl in the room as his concubine. He didn't expect that all these women wanted to come out and be the head of the family. They only treated him as the master, but they didn't have the heart. 

When the young master felt disgraced, he simply occupied two of them. He did not expect that these two men were also strong. He lost his body and listened to the young master's words. If he didn't, he would sell them to a brothel and jump into the well together. 

Then it became a joke. 

You are a young master, a young lady who is waiting on her. She would rather die than be a concubine. What a poor person would be like this. 

There is not too much description of this paragraph in the original plot, but this plot is written to show how crazy the villain is, and the memory of the original owner is fuzzy. Therefore, Shi Qing can't tell which girl in this room is so unlucky. 

He tried to find, and planned to find a good family for the two girls this time, so that they can do the main room. 

It's right to have a heart. A good girl's house, what do you do as a concubine, even a slave slave. 

Just trying to find out the two most unfortunate flowers from this beautiful sea, Jiang bieyu strode in. 

Originally, his mood was pretty good. Although his face was still expressionless, his eyebrows and eyes were relatively relaxed. 

But as soon as he came in, his loose eyebrows and eyes sank slightly. 

After all, from Jiang bieyu's point of view, the current situation is that the women are working with their long necks down, while the young master Shi Qing is leaning on the couch and staring at them. 

It doesn't count to see one. If he still looks at it for a while, he will see it by another person. 

So young, so lustful. 

Jiang bieyu walked to the couch in silence, without saying a word, just like to catch the tiger in front of the prey, silent and hidden eyes fell on this delicate young master. 

In fact, you can guess when you are lustful. 

After all, in Jiang's family, even Jiang Liye's house didn't have so many beautiful women. They were delicate like flowers, gentle like water, and pure brothers. 

No wonder they excluded him from staying with Shiqing. 

The beautiful woman in this room suddenly comes out a man. Naturally, they should be uncomfortable. 

Jiang BIE Yu Zheng couldn't tell what kind of mood he was thinking. Suddenly he heard the young master on the bed Tut, and then his leg was kicked. 

"Where are your eyes looking?" 

The man didn't react for a moment. Subconsciously, he turned and looked at Shiqing. The young master's face was full of discontent. He didn't like it before, but took some dislike. 

"Jiang bieyu, what do you think the girl in my room is doing?" 

Jiang bieyu looks at the hostile eyes in front of him, and realizes that he may have misunderstood something. 

Is this how you protect your food? 

I just looked at it, but I had such a big reaction.He had a sense of unhappiness in his heart. Fortunately, he also knew that the situation was not as good as others. He consciously lowered his eyes and hid the unhappiness. 

Still hoarse voice, deep "No." 

"No, you think I'm blind?" 

The young master glared round his eyes, and then he passed. 

His strength is still so small, the soles of his feet are still so soft. Jiang bieyu spent a second thinking about whether he should fall down with the trend, so as to let Shi Qingqi out. 

Then along the force, fell to the ground, a pair of kick to the appearance. 

Jiang bieyu's body was originally tall. Although he did not eat very well, he grew very well. He was not weak at all. When he fell to the ground, he immediately made a heavy noise. 

Bang! 

This sound is enough for Shi to breathe out. 

Jiang bieyu silent back, but did not see out of breath when Qing. 

On the contrary, he saw a frightened expression on the young master's face, covered his chest and stayed for a long time before reacting. On his white tender face, there was still a residual shock. 

He held up his arm and went to kick him again. 

The voice was still so coquettish, "what are you doing so loud? I'm scared to death. It's so beautiful that Bai Chang has no brain at all." 

"I don't want to get up quickly. Who's in the way? You are. Looking at the health, I just kick and fall. It's useless." 

He snorted in disgust and disdain, and glanced at Jiang bieyu from a commanding position. His voice was full of justifications, as if he could expose the thing that he was frightened by Jiang bieyu's falling voice. 

Jiang bieyu stood up again in silence, and in the bottom of his heart, he wrote down the matter that he could not be kicked down next time. 

Young master is not willing to kick him several feet out of anger. 

This time, when the tender soles of the feet were soft and soft, Jiang bieyu learned a lesson and did not dive again. 

"I warn you, don't think of the people in my house. They come from Jiangnan with me. They have served me since childhood. I can't bear to let them do heavy work. They are beautiful. In the future, you are looking for a decent family to marry and be a good wife A man who wants to sign a contract to sell himself can't eat enough, but he still thinks about the people in my house. " 

In his soft Jiangnan tone, he disdained nine to eighteen times and sneered at 

"you are not qualified." 

Jiang bieyu raised his head slightly and looked at the young master who was inexplicably proud in front of him, and the women who had been talking quietly for a few words, but had not talked to each other since Shiqing finished speaking. His eyes were slightly heavy. 

In a hoarse, ugly voice, he asked in a low voice, "they are all in your house. Don't you pay for it?" 

"Take you big head." 

The young master was angry and pulled over the pillow and hit the man standing in front of him. 

"I warn you, this kind of words can't be repeated for a second time. They are all innocent. If you let your words discredit you, you will be skinned!" 

This threat is very powerful, but it is a pity that the soft tone of the coquettish spirit has destroyed most of them. It sounds like a coquetry. 

So he fell into Jiang bieyu's ears, naturally did not let him feel that the threat was too big. 

He only looked at Shi Qing, who was angry like an old hen defending a chick, and thought he was a little strange. 

The young masters of Hecheng are not like this? Most of the maids who served in the room had taken the house early, and only waiting for his wife to come in, they could bring it up to do the room or concubine. 

Jiang Liye is also like this. Before that sister and son of the Shi family married, he had seven or eight Guangtong houses. Now, it is not those who have no name. There are more than 30 with names and surnames. 

But when he arrived at Shiqing, he didn't want to accept any of these beautiful young women. 

Strange at the same time, Jiang bieyu also inexplicably a little relaxed. 

He rarely explained, "I don't mean anything else, but other people in Hecheng do it like this." 

"I will do what they do?" 

Seeing that he was softened, Shi Qing's anger on his face subsided slightly. He raised his chin and dropped his leg to the couch. He motioned to Jiang bieyu to come and beat his legs. He muttered dissatisfaction with the soft voice of the south of the Yangtze River. They all grew up together. They served me for more than ten years, but they didn't want to make me trapped in this small yard and have a child They're motherly. " 

"Let's wait. When the young master takes over the shop, I can make more money. When they get married in the future, they will give them a good dowry. If I say it, I will have a good face." 

The eyes of the girls who said this were all wet. 

They are bought, and it is their duty to serve the master. 

However, when we grew up together and saw more and more, my father's concubines crowded in the small yard one by one. They were all more angry. They would rather marry ordinary people than become concubines.Originally, they were secretly worried about whether brother Qing would have that idea when he grew up. Unexpectedly, he thought so. 

The women were very grateful in the bottom of their hearts and did not know what to say. They could only continue to do the clothes on their hands seriously. 

Jiang bieyu, however, has a complicated look. After a glance, he thinks of his aunt. 

If she had a choice, she didn't want to. 

He didn't expect that Shi Qing, who seemed to be a dandy, actually thought so in his heart. 

It turns out that she is not good at all. 

Just thinking like this, the young master who was lying down suddenly thought of something. He suddenly sat up and directly stretched out his white tender hand and touched the chest of the man in front of him. Mouth. 

And a few more shots. 

Jiang bieyu 

The young master felt satisfied and lifted his chin to him with pride and pride. "It's not bad. Remember, you will be my rapist." 

They are tall, strong and incomparably strong, and even higher than Shiqing's jiangbieyu "..." 

Child molestation? 

He???





 Fortunately, those women didn't hear this sentence, otherwise they would be scared out of their wits. 

Qing Ge'er, who is well served, actually found a child molestate. 

It's still a child molestation like this. 

Don't mention them, even Jiang bieyu's shocked brain is blank. 

Seeing Shi Qing slapping and beating on his body so carelessly, his expression is more and more satisfied. The man who is patted by him finds a bit of reason hard 

"but I am a man." 

The young master seemed to have a strange look at him. "What nonsense are you talking about? That is to say, the man is a boy 

He knows that. 

Jiang bieyu "can be molested children are good looking young women." 

Sometimes some people take boys for fun. However, although Jiang bieyu is a little cold hearted, he hates people who do such things to young children, so he doesn't mention it. 

When Qing looked at the man in front of him. 

He was a tall man. He had just been patted and could be patted out. He had strong tendons. His face was beautiful, but it was not that kind of delicate beauty. 

His eyes, in particular, added a little anger to his face. 

Such a person is not likely to be called a child molestate, but more like a person in a high position. 

But what about that. 

The young master slapped a few times, which was full of flexibility. "Who has stipulated that you can't be a child molestate when you are old. Besides, you are not very old. When I was young, the young master said you were a child molestate, and you were a child molestate." 

Jiang bieyu is silent. 

He looked at Shi Qing in front of him, and the young master patted him with great interest. Although the more he slapped, the more happy he was in his beautiful eyes, he could be sure that there was no lust in his eyes. 

He said that he wanted to be regarded as a child molestate, but when he looked at his face, it was more like finding a toy to show off. 

Shiqing is not really obscene, he is just pure on the surface, and his heart is full of 666666. He makes a good exploration of jiangbie Yu. 

It has to be said that Jiang bieyu's Hu nationality not only brings him such a pair of light and beautiful eyes. 

And even if you don't have enough to eat and wear, you can also keep a very good figure. 

The clothes are so easy to touch. If you take off your clothes 

Shiqing didn't want to. 

Now is not the time, he thought more, some did not, that is not a white greedy for himself? 

So he seriously stretched out his hand and hugged Jiang bieyu. 

Being held by the young master in his little hand, I can feel that he is trying to pull himself to the other side 

The man drooped his head in a daze and looked at the young master who was struggling to blush. 

"What are you doing?" 

"Let you come to my arms." Shi Qing's reply was quite reasonable and forceful: "don't all the child molestates want to sit in the host's arms?" 

Jiang bieyu 

He looked at it in silence, and then he could see the slender young waist even though he was wearing expensive clothes. 

After reading, he took another look at his strong arm. 

He could be sure that only when the two arms were together could they be barely as thick as one of his. 

That's it. Do you want to hold him in your arms? 

A man wants to laugh at the bottom of his heart. 

I don't know if he was aware of his smile. The young master became angry and pushed Jiang bieyu, who couldn't move himself. 

The soft and glutinous voice from Jiangnan is very high, but it doesn't seem sharp at all. Instead, it's tender and tender. It seems that he's complaining. 

"I don't know how to take the initiative when you're a child molester." 

Obviously, he was treated as a child molester. If he had been a child molester, Jiang bieyu didn't know how to hate him, or how to plan revenge. 

But now 

Looking at such a small childe who can't even hold his "child molestate" in front of him, the man has no expression on his face and sits on his leg along his strength. 

Shi Qing Sleeping trough, this NIMA bulldozer. 

"You are heavy, come down quickly." 

Hearing the urgency in his tone, Jiang bieyu quickly got up and turned around to see that tears were already in the young master's beautiful eyes. 

His soft hands, white and tender, who had never suffered a little, fell on his robe, trembling and pitifully. 

The voice also trembled down, as if with a little cry cavity "good pain..." 

The movement here was soon discovered by the women who were working hard. 

Seeing the tears in the eyes of the young master, one by one immediately turned pale. He quickly put down his things and rushed over with gusts of fragrant wind. 

"Brother Qing, what's the matter? I'm sorry to see that you are crying? " 

"Legs? Where was it hurt? "A room full of women is busy again. 

At the same time, the wife put on a thick cloak and wanted to come to see her son. 

As a result, I met my son with tears in my eyes, covering my legs and crying for pain. 

Immediately exclaimed and trotted forward. 

"What's wrong with my brother Ching? What's the matter? This is? Oh, poor, look at it. It's so hard to cry. " 

When she saw his wife coming, she howled more vigorously. When Qing covered her legs and looked at the wooden standing, she didn't realize that she was likely to have a disaster at once, so she took the time to kick him. 

If you are unhappy, you should help to cover it up. 

He curled his lips and casually said, "I bumped into the couch." 

"How did you take care of it, and let qingge'er bump into it so badly?" When the wife is anxious and heartache, scolded a few female Niang a few words, and urged "still Leng to do what, do not hurry to go to the doctor." 

After scolding, he whispered to Shiqing again, "my brother Qing, come to let my mother have a look. Fortunately, there are many good medicines in our family. It doesn't hurt to put it on." 

Said she would have a look of heartache to lift when Qing's clothes, provoked when Qing even put on a poor look, quickly a dozen roll to the couch. 

"Mother, what are you doing? I am a man and you are a woman. How can you lift my clothes?" 

When the wife is first a Leng, then happy, will put the veil on the mouth, jiaosheng smile up, "my Qingge son also know shy, you are so old children afraid of what, have not married yet." 

Yes, although he is already 16 years old this year, he was already a married family in ancient times, but in his wife's opinion, his son is clearly a child. 

When the child Qing but still refused to accept, dead seize their clothes to the couch the innermost side of hiding, "no, men and women give and receive." 

"Oh, you child, you're coming out of your mother's stomach. What's taboo with your mother?" 

Because of his embarrassed posture, his wife's anxiety was dispelled, and she pointed to a female mother with a smile and said, "OK, my mother won't give you medicine, let the people in your house give it to you. It's true that she has to pay attention to her mother." 

"I don't want it. Aren't all women in my room? Don't they ruin the reputation if they give me medicine? " 

What's more, there are rules and regulations in Hecheng. Even a woman who runs a stall in the street must point to him. On the other side of the south of the Yangtze River, women come out to sell things. As long as it is a legitimate business, no one will look down on it. 

Although this thought, but in the end can not beat their own son, when the wife can only comply with him "OK, OK, mother to find you a boy, this will be satisfied?" 

At this time, the woman who was sent to get the medicine came back. When Qing saw her eyes shining, she kicked Jiang BIE Yu's leg again. 

"You go and get it and give me the medicine." 

Just now the young master didn't give him up. Jiang bieyu was a little surprised. He was even more surprised to ask him to take medicine without revenge. 

But obediently, he picked up the small and delicate bottle from the tray. 

It seems that the bottle was burned out of a good kiln. It's jade white and exquisite. There are beautiful pictures on the bottle. I'm afraid that such a bottle can sell for at least ten Liang silver. 

But in Shiqing, it's just a bottle for medicine. 

He took the medicine, turned around and came to the bedside. His hands fell on the hem of his clothes. His hands were still cold, but they were blocked by a pair of soft hands. 

The owner of the soft and tender hand is holding his hand and raising his eyes. On a delicate and beautiful face, there are words of shame, embarrassment and arrogance. 

"I apply medicine, you women don't look here." 

When the lady looked more and more thought her son was funny, she couldn't help laughing, "you just put the curtain down? We're not going to lift the curtain to see it. " 

"That's not good. It's not the same. What if any of you really lift the curtain to see me?" 

He wanted to maintain his "innocent" appearance, which made his wife feel soft, and thought his son was funny and funny. 

She has always been doting, and now she asked, "well, let's go behind the screen and don't see my brother clearly." 

"No, isn't it still in the room behind the screen?" 

When Qing still does not agree, very justifiably requests "you must go outside the house." 

If someone else's family, my son asked his mother to wait outside, and he didn't get scolded to death. 

However, this is the Shi family. 

His wife was a mother who always followed her son unconditionally. 

She didn't think it was her son's filial piety at all. She said with a smile, "OK, I'll take them outside." 

It's really a big kid. I'm ashamed of my mother. 

When the lady laughs and takes the girls out. 

There were only two people left in the room, Shi Qing and Jiang bieyu. 

Jiang bieyu carefully put the medicine bottle aside. Because of the old idea that the clothes should not be raised high, although it was just medicine, he was a little confused in his mind. His face was still expressionless. He reached out to lift Shiqing's clothes, but he was opened by the little young master.He raised his eyes, just on the young master's round eyes, "what are you doing?" 

Jiang bieyu picked up a small medicine bottle and showed him "medicine." 

"If you take any medicine, you just sit down for a while, and it hurts for a while." 

When Qing stood up and kicked him a foot, but also delicate accusing him of "see you are white long a pair of smart, if I really leg pain into that, just how can I still kick you." 

He swaggered to the front of the cabinet, familiar in the quilt put in the bedding for a while, found a small wooden box and then took it out. 

After opening it, the silver money in it fell into the eyes of the two people. 

Jiang bieyu watched. Shiqing took out the money bag again and put the money into it. After that, he hung the money bag to his waist and put the wooden box in it. 

From his careful and skillful movements, Jiang bieyu can probably guess that this is the "private money" of Shiqing. 

After taking the money, Shiqing looked out again. He could see that his wife was standing in the yard with the girls, and she came down to the other side of the house, avoiding the window. 

When he arrived, he opened the window again. 

It was a bamboo grove outside. Originally, Shi Fu heard that scholars liked to live in the bamboo forest, so he specially found someone to plant it here, in order to cultivate his talent in reading. 

It's a pity that the bamboo grove is also very cold now. 

Jiang bieyu stood where he was and watched the young master poke his head out of the window. He looked left and right. He made sure that there was no one. He turned back and waved to himself. 

A thief whispered, "come here." 

Jiang bieyu Shun goes forward from. 

"Hush!! Shhh 

The young master's eyes widened again, and he made several actions to stop him in a hurry. "Don't go directly like this. They will see it outside, just like I did. Hurry up!" 

The man bent down in silence and walked forward in this funny posture. 

Or that sentence, if before, let him walk like this, it's better to kill him. 

However, after "setting an example by example" in Shiqing, it seems that it is not so humiliating to walk in this way. 

Especially the young master didn't go to see how he walked at all. After calling him, he always focused on the outside. 

Jiang bieyu soon arrived at Shi Qing's side. 

The laziness on the young master's face became excited. He pulled his sleeve and whispered the plan 

"there are no people around this bamboo forest. Through the bamboo forest, through the garden, through the rockery, finally through a lotus pond, you can get to the yard, OK 

Jiang bieyu nodded in silence. 

He knew that the young master was going to steal out of the mansion. 

It's just 

Why did you take him when he left the mansion? 

The man took a complex look at the young master who was excited because he wanted to run away. 

At the moment, the young master is lifting a leg regardless of the difficulty of the image, holding the bottom of the window carefully and turning outward. 

Outside, the lady felt that the time was almost up, and she raised her voice and called, "brother Qing, are you ready? But changed the medicine? My mother is going in. " 

"Not yet!" 

When Qing is not anxious and flustered, he returns with a sentence: "just wiped a leg, still have a leg." 

With that, he turned over his other leg and jumped to the ground lightly. 

After jumping, he turned around with a smile and waved to Jiang bieyu. 

"what are you doing? Come down quickly." 

Now it's winter and winter. The bamboo forest with a good artistic conception outside is still gray. The warm sunshine on people doesn't feel warm at all. 

However, the young master, who was carefully raised all over his body, stood there with a pure smile on his small white face. 

The sunlight sprinkles on his face, lining his eyes in the light spot. 

Looking at this scene, Jiang bieyu was in a trance. 

He struggled in the abyss, and the people he met, whether they were in the abyss, or looked down on him from above, were extremely unbearable. 

The servants who trample on the ground and hold them high, concubines and servants who try every means to compete for favor, and those brothers who seem to be gorgeous in front of their elders, but actually go out and enjoy themselves in other people's humiliation. 

Now recalling the past, there is only time Qing, outside and inside, are the same pure. 

It is the same to the elders in the family, the young masters outside, or to him. 

Arrogant, but wanton. 

At such a time of Qing Dynasty, Jiang bieyu had some doubts about whether it was Jiang Liye who forced him to whip himself on that day. 

After all, he was so kind to the maids who were supposed to be very mean in the eyes of young masters. 

- bang! 

A dry piece of mud was hit on Jiang bieyu.Pull him back from those thoughts. 

In front of him, there is a young master with a frown on his face and a complaint and anger on his face. He is yelling in a soft voice for Hecheng people; 

"what are you waiting for? Don't you hear me let you down? If it wasn't for the sake that you are the Jiang family, I would not take you with me! " 

Looking at the ferocious young master in front of him, the man cast off all the ideas just now, and with his right hand supporting the windowsill, he jumped out of the house very easily. 

He this simple and handsome action let young master some envy and jealousy, hate hate to kick his foot again. 

"There are no beautiful women here. I don't know who to show off to." 

Jiang bieyu pursed his lips and saw clearly the envy of his eyes. 

He thought about it for a moment, and in a hoarse voice he said, "I'll teach you next time." 

"Shall I teach you, a child molester? If there is another time, you will jump over first, and then carry me down, you know? " 

The young master snorted coldly, turned and walked ahead. 

Jiang bieyu followed him. 

But in my mind, I think of the picture of turning over the window just now. 

He was born tender and had no strength at all. He even kicked people gently. When he turned the window, he naturally had no strength. 

So can only so carefully lie on the window, like a little turtle, hard to turn over one side, and then turn the other side. 

The pitiful and lovely little appearance really didn't look like the arrogance that he had swung his whip before. 

But he is. 

Shiqing is a scene that makes people feel pity, but those pictures, seen by his servant, will only make him feel embarrassed. 

The young master in front walked out two steps and saw that he didn't follow him. He turned around again and yelled angrily at 

"Why are you so stupid? I asked you to follow me, didn't I hear you?" 

Jiang bieyu gave a low reply and kept up with the front. 

The young master was arrogant, soft and tender, and his voice was full of pride and pride. "Did you remember what I said to you in the room just now? I'm going to go to Jiang Liye for a moment. You are my child molestate. Later, I want you to sit on my lap. You can sit on my lap, but you can't really sit on my leg. " 

It's also a bit of self exclusion. 

Jiang bieyu actually understood, but Shiqing was afraid that he could not understand, and he pulled him to cover up for a while. "Do you know about squatting? In those playbooks, martial arts experts have to squat before practicing martial arts. " 

In the joint really quietly follow the martial arts master Fu, the man who has practiced martial arts can not help but export error correction "Zha Ma bu." 

"Yes, I'll do it if you know it." The young master nodded and patted Jiang bieyu seriously. "I want you to sit on my leg for a while, and you'll look like you're sitting, but you're actually riding. Don't you know?" 

Jiang bieyu nodded. 

He didn't ask why he couldn't really sit. After all, when he sat down, the poor trill was still in his ear. 

The young master is still muttering, "and you have to throw your arms to me in front of them, little bird depends on others." 

Jiang bieyu Does a little bird like a man 

When Qing seems to be very surprised to look at him, "little birds depend on people, you don't know? Even if you want to be smart in front of me and obey my orders, I will kiss you, and you will be well hugged by me when I hold you 

Of course, Jiang bieyu knows what it means. After all, there are many concubines in the yard of the second master of the Jiang family. 

But the problem is, he knows what he looks like. 

He looks like a little bird? 

Seeing him as if he didn't understand, the young master was impatient, and he tried to make a demonstration: "come here, your head is in my arms." 

Jiang bieyu 

The man stood silent for several seconds, only when Qing was impatient, and when he was kicking him, he slowly lowered his head. 

His head finally fell on the young master's shoulder. 

The height difference is really not going down. 

"Why are you so useless." 

The young master complained with annoyance and irritability, and then went to take Jiang bieyu's hand. He shook his soft hand. "The hand should be put on me, to show that you depend on my action, you know." 

Jiang bieyu 

He raised his hand obediently. 

In the end, Xiuchang's hand fell on the waist of Shiqing. 

Just across his clothes, he pinched his slender waist. 

Because of the close movement, he can even feel the temperature from the time of body cleaning and the delicate skin under his clothes no matter which part. 

Young master is still not satisfied with his waist, while thinking, "no, I think this is not close enough." 

He forcefully put his legs, cross to the man between the legs. 

Now, they are really close.It's just that Jiang bieyu is a little too close. 

At the age of 18, he is full of vigor. 

Before just watching when Qing eat cloud cake, he can dress up carelessly. 

What's more, it's like this now. When he said that he wanted to be a little bird, but in fact, the whole young master threw himself into his arms. 

The man's throat, which was covered by young master's clothes, rolled up and down his throat, slightly drooped his eyes, and looked at the slender neck of Shiqing. 

Bai Shengsheng is tender, just like other parts of his body. 

Just a little touch. 

That piece of white, with the master's panting, red. 

Jiang BIE Yu micro dark eyes, slowly toward the neck close. 

When Qing suddenly raised his head, turned his face and pouted at the man's cold cheek. 

"Chirp!" 

A crisp sound. 

The young master took out his handkerchief to wipe his mouth. He looked at the stiff man with satisfaction and patted him again. He was full of flexibility 

"good, good. Just follow this way. Now you are a child molester."





 Jiang bieyu was photographed by him. He bit his throat again and rolled up and down several times. His whole body was as stiff as a stone. 

At this time, the young master didn't know whether he had never seen those tall servants before. He knew clearly that he had only come to the house for a day, and the deed of sale had not been officially signed. He even dared to run out with him. 

Dare to 

Men always stand still, a pair of eyes because of the color of the eyes, but the eyes are always on the body. 

However, the young master is thick skinned. When he kisses him, he shows a indifferent expression on his white face, and only tells him: 

"when Jiang Liye comes to them, if I also want to kiss you and move you, you should not hide and dodge like just now, and be a child molester for me. Do you know?" 

Tuo Shiqing wanted to sneak out. Now there are no people around them, only the young master standing in front of them. 

If you think about him, his strength is so small. Jiang bieyu just sits on his leg and can let him cry out in less than a second. This kind of delicate and delicate young master can knock him out easily and easily, and then he can escape according to the route planned by the young master. 

Anyway, his aunt died, and he had no one he cared about. Now he didn't sign a contract to sell himself. As long as he escaped, the world was so big that he could always find a way to turn over. 

However, the road ahead is clear, and Jiang bieyu is still standing still as before. In his eyes, he is full of young masters who are smiling with satisfaction. 

Not yet. 

He told himself quietly in the bottom of his heart. 

Since not to that share, there is no need to leave in disgrace. 

Now he still has injuries. He can eat and drink in his family. If he really goes out, he has to fight for food. 

Naturally, the young master did not know that the man who was under his control had just rejected the idea of "stun him, the master, and then run away.". 

He seems to be very satisfied with Jiang bieyu, a "child molester.". 

Even if Jiang bieyu is taller than him. 

Even if Jiang bieyu should be hugged by the "thin waist", he can not hold both hands. 

Even if Jiang bieyu's tendons and flesh are hard, it's not like that he doesn't like to move because of his delicate temperament, and the flesh on his body is soft and soft. 

But it doesn't matter. 

As long as his young master said, he jiangbie Yu is a child molestation. 

So when the tall and imposing man in front of him said hoarse and deep voice, his beautiful little face almost immediately showed a happy smile of contentment. 

The young master lifted his chin with pride, and his face lifted his eyebrows: 

"walk, and see your brother." 

There are not many other things in Hecheng, that is, there are many rich people. 

Especially after the chaos, more and more rich people came to Hecheng for safety and wealth. 

The king who protects Hecheng is also very good at speaking. 

You want to come to Hecheng? 

Yes. 

Just give me money. If you give me money, you can go anywhere you like. The more money you give, the better my attitude will be. 

For those families, there are wars all over the place. No one knows if they will sit at home one day and suddenly burst into a group of people and kill the whole family. 

Because Hecheng is such a safe territory, let alone give money, let alone give them half of the property is no problem. 

Because, a large number of people with money and food came. 

Shijia is one of them. 

It's just different from other people. At that time, family wealth was very thick. People brought several carts of grain, they brought hundreds of cars, people sent a box of money, they sent a convoy of money. 

This contrast gap does not come out. 

When the family so willing to spend money, the status of Hecheng suddenly rubbed up, and together with Shiqing can walk in the circle of the second generation. 

He is beautiful, and some of the local second generation of Hecheng, led by Jiang Liye, are not happy. 

Originally, when he didn't come to Hecheng before, although Jiang Liye was only the son of the second master of the Jiang family, he couldn't stand up. There was no grandson of Jiang family in front of him. He was a serious grandson. 

From childhood to adulthood, he has been favored. Even if he was born out of the Jiang family, because he was generous and had a high status at home, he was always sought after by the generation of Hecheng phase II. His living scenery is like the common people in the yard. Even if he is also the blood of the Jiang family, he is just a lowly person who can handle whatever he wants. 

Before Shiqing came, Jiang Liye was just like usual, lying lazily on the chair with people, watching the singers dancing hard. 

Some people mentioned Shiqing: "Liye, you pushed Shiqing into the water yesterday. How can you still be so free and easy today? Aren't you afraid of being blamed by the time family?" 

"There's nothing to be afraid of." 

Jiang Liye looks more like following his father. He is not short but not tall. If he is carried to the crowd, no one can see him at a glance.However, he is the master of the Jiang family, or the beloved master of the Jiang family. No matter how ordinary his appearance is, he is now the focus of attention. 

Knowing that many people were looking at him, Jiang Liye's expression became more and more arrogant: "when he was a good speaker, he was a face in front of the Lord, but actually he was not a merchant. He ran around all day to see my family. Since I married her, no matter how much I carried a woman to my room, she didn't dare to say a heavy word to me." 

After that, he laughed again and said scornfully: 

"what's more, Shiqing is really not like a man. He's so big. He also walks cats and dogs every day, and he speaks to me honestly. I'm also Shi Qing's brother-in-law, and I'll discipline his parents." 

Bang! 

Is saying the prestige, the screen was fiercely kicked rotten. 

The singers were startled and exclaimed one after another. They did not dare to play or play any more. They were so scared that their faces were pale and they hid together shivering. 

The young masters who came out to have fun were also shocked. They all stood up and looked at the place. 

After the screen was kicked, Shi Qingzheng stood there and looked at them coldly. His beautiful face was full of anger. 

Even the soft and waxy Jiangnan tone sank: "master Jiang is so powerful. At best, you can only let me call you brother-in-law. What qualifications do you have to discipline me for my parents?" 

Just now, they gathered together to listen to Jiang Liye's bad words. Now they were arrested by the parties on the spot. For a while, except Jiang Liye, other people's expressions were chatted up. 

When Qing's face is very ugly, iron green, finish that sentence, then stand in place. 

I was very angry at first sight. 

When had they seen this young master before. 

People present in the heart of the subconscious will breathe light, for fear that the quarrel had been in the period of irritability when the young master. 

Don't wait for him to get up with Jiang Liye, a passer-by who is surrounded by himself, sacrifices the heaven first. 

When Qing came in, the impact was so strong that almost all people focused on him. No one went to see the man behind the young master, who was wearing the clothes of a boy in the dust and lowering his head. 

Naturally, they did not know that Jiang bieyu, who seemed respectful, was also paying attention to Shi Qing. 

Others go to see Shi Qing's face, but Jiang bieyu is concerned about the foot of the young master who just kicked the screen. 

Although he didn't get along for a long time, Shi Qing's whole body was tender and soft. Jiang bieyu was very sure of this. 

Such a kicker has no strength at all. He cries out in pain when he sits on his body. The delicate young master kicks the screen into rags. 

His feet should be very painful at the moment. 

The man who seems to be very respectful droops his eyes and falls on the right foot of Shiqing just kicking the screen. 

At the moment, the leg was shaking slightly at a frequency that was difficult to detect with the naked eye. 

Well. 

Jiang bieyu was more positive. 

It must have hurt. 

What he could observe was not noticed by the people in the room. Jiang Liye looked ugly and didn't answer. Others looked embarrassed, but he couldn't pretend to be dead like Jiang Liye. 

Soon someone stood up and tried to pretend that nothing had happened to greet him: 

"Shiqing, you don't say in advance if you want to come. Today ah Zheng brought some good wine. Come and have a taste with us." 

He intended to cover up the incident with a gag. After all, Jiang Liye is a member of the Jiang family, and Shi Qing is also a young master of the Shi family. Both of them have a deep background. How they fight a lawsuit, they will not hurt each other. 

But these bystanders who are not as big as Shijiang's and Jiang's are miserable. If these two people make a mistake in public, they will be unlucky. 

I didn't see that Shiqing was pushed into the water yesterday. His young master was carried back by his family. Now look at this picture, which is as pampered as ever, you should know that he should not be reprimanded by his family. 

If you look at Jiang Liye, you can still see the haze of being blamed by your family at all. 

But they can't compare with their status. 

Who didn't know when the family only when Qing such a single seedling, now the family is the top of the red man. 

The old family of Jiang family also has a deep foundation. Jiang Liye, the eldest grandson of Jiang family, is the successor of Jiang family. He can be sent out as a slave along with his father's half brother. This shows his high status in the Jiang family. 

And they had bad luck. 

These two people fight back and forth, they are safe and sound, not a bit of fur off, but they did nothing. 

It was clear yesterday. 

Shiqing is fine, and so is Jiang Liye. 

At that time, most of the other people who witnessed this scene on that boat were punished by their families.He asked why he didn't stop them and why he didn't rescue the young master of the time family in time. 

It's bloody mildew. 

This young master, whose surname is Lu, is quite popular in his family. However, because Shiqing fell into the water yesterday, the second master of the Jiang family sent people to his house to ask him whether he had seen Shi Qing of Jiang bieyu Tui with his own eyes. 

He actually saw Jiang Liye pushing people, not Jiang bieyu. 

Not only him, but Jiang Liye didn't cover it up. Most of the young masters who were busy pulling them at that time probably saw it. 

But no one dares to say "yes, yes, I saw that it was not the son of a commoner in your family who pushed it, or Jiang Liye pushed it.". 

If it's true, their family's good days will come to an end. 

But if you frame this incident on Jiang bieyu and admit that he saw Jiang bieyu push Shiqing, can Shi Qing, who was pushed, still know who pushed him? 

At that time, they can't afford the anger of the time. 

So, he can only say, did not notice, at that time too chaotic, he only cares about pulling two people. 

He can be mixed in the circle of the second generation of Hecheng, and has not been kicked out for such a long time. Regardless of the appearance, the inside is absolutely a bit of chicken thief. 

Therefore, both the Jiang family and the Shi family sent people to ask for the same result: 

it was too chaotic at that time, and no one could see who pushed Shiqing. 

But even if everyone lied, it was over, but when the two families left, they were still punished by their families. 

After all, these families in Hecheng, except for Shijia, have no shortage of offspring. 

They raised people well, and almost brought disaster back. Those who are somewhat spoiled at home are OK, that is to say a few words of reprimand. 

But those who don't make a fuss and are not favored are miserable. 

If you are heavy, you will be punished for copying. If you are light, you will be locked up in the house and you will not be allowed to make trouble. 

Yes, in today's chaotic world, all families are cautious, and watching others fight, that is also making trouble. 

Well, there are at least three people who have been locked up at home and haven't been released. 

It's a pity that the young masters of the two families are watching. It's really sad to think about them. 

This young master Lu was hit by the board yesterday. Fortunately, his mother saw that the situation was not right, so she rushed to tell the board beating person to lay down on the bed and go anywhere. 

Because of yesterday's incident, this one was really afraid and went to pull Shiqing with a 120000 smile. 

The young master had an ugly face because his attitude was better. 

Although only a little bit, but at least it is also a face to this. 

Seeing this, young master Lu felt relieved at the bottom of his heart. At the same time, he was more grateful to Shiqing. 

Thinking in my heart, I always felt that I was pampered and arrogant when I got along with her. I could see the sky with my eyes. Today, I feel like I'm still very good at talking. 

Looking back at Jiang Liye, I can't see his face at the moment, sitting in the same place without any action meaning. 

This picture of Master Lu looks like thousands of grass mud horses galloping through his heart. 

Big brother, you make it clear!! It's the family you provoked, not me!! 

You've been caught saying bad things behind your back. It's normal for people to get angry when they are in front of many people. Why are you so angry about people!! 

Obviously, it's my own disaster. If I don't apologize, I'll expose it to the public. I still have a bad face to see others round for me. 

How big is the face?!! 

Even if he admits that he and Jiang Liye are close to each other in order to get more resources, after all, in this world, more resources can make more sense of security. 

But it's been a long time since I raised my dog. 

However, judging from Jiang Liye's reaction and attitude, he is clearly regarded as a dog. 

It's still the kind that can't be raised. 

Last night, he was baffled by the board, and today he has to laugh with him. In the end, he is also a young master. Jiang Liye really regards him as something. He must hold his thighs, otherwise he can't live? 

Shi Qing didn't seem to notice that because of his attitude, young master Lu was dissatisfied with Jiang Liye. He just glanced at him casually and said: "is there a place with curtains?" 

This is a place to play and play, and there are curtains naturally, so as to facilitate the guests to do something in the curtains with the attendants. 

Think about it. On the one hand, because of the curtain, people outside can't see what's going on inside. On the other hand, they are so close to each other that they can chat as if they were sitting together. 

And behind the curtain, what the guest did and what he did to the people who served him could only be heard outside. 

This exciting play has always been popular. 

But in the past, Shiqing only cared about eating, drinking and playing, and never showed any inclination in female sex. Now he suddenly asked for such a request, and all the people present were stunned.This young master from the south of the Yangtze River, is he enlightened? 

This land boundary is not owned by Mr. Lu. He goes to one side and looks at a Zheng standing up with a hearty smile: 

"of course, there are people. This is here." 

He opened the curtain next to several people's positions, and there was a small couch with a brazier under it. The bed was covered with a fluffy leather blanket. 

Shi Qing looked at the past carefully and quickly caught what should be captured. 

On the table beside me, there are some tools that should be mosaic. 

A Zheng also opened the cabinet carefully, with a bit of pride and pride to let Shi Qing see the things in the cabinet. 

"And these, but they're all from foreigners. It's a special taste to hear. In a word, you'll know after using them." 

He was very considerate. After introducing the mosaics, he added: "this place has just been built, and no one has ever used it. I have reserved one for each of you, and it will not be used by others in the future. You can just take this place as a relaxing place." 

Because of the sudden arrival of Shiqing and Jiang Liye's ugly face, the atmosphere in the field was slightly stiff because of the intimate arrangement. 

"Yes." 

"Hehe, in that case, you are welcome." 

Ah Zheng was more and more proud: "you don't have to be polite. I have arranged a lot of beautiful women for you. I can send them to you soon." 

The smiles on the faces of the men on the scene were more intimate, and even Jiang Liye's look was better. 

"I don't have to arrange women here. I have brought people myself," he said 

For a moment, people's eyes fell on him again. 

With someone? 

Where is anyone? 

They looked up and down, left, right and right several times, and Shiqing didn't really bring any women around. 

Some people glanced at Jiang bieyu and saw that although he lowered his head, he could also see that he was tall and tall. At a glance, he was an adult man, and he ignored him directly. 

The air was immediately filled with doubts. 

Jiang Liye is even more sneering: "what brought people, you have come up for so long, where there is a woman, on your small body, afraid that is not a hidden disease, do not want to solve here, casually find an excuse." 

A Zheng's eyes flashed anxiously. 

At the moment, he really wanted to go back to the past and give him a big mouth to invite Jiang Liye here. 

If you say that Jiang Liye has a grudge against Shi Qing himself, it doesn't matter if he wants to be sarcastic. Even if they fight, it doesn't matter. 

But why didn't he look at the occasion every time he had a conflict with Shiqing? Now this is his place, and it's a good place for him. 

He specially invited these people to come here, for what, not to let them have a good time here, have a good time, go back and give him a good publicity about how much this place is good, do advertising? 

It's hard for him to ask for help when he is young, but he is not interested in serving his family. 

If it wasn't for knowing that he couldn't offend Jiang Liye at all, he would like to kick Jiang Liye out to relieve his anger. 

What kind of person? I can't see others, can't I. 

Jiang Liye did not get his dislike, nor did he notice the dissatisfaction of those young men who looked at him. 

He has always been arrogant outside. Before Shi Qing, no one in the second generation of the whole city dared not choke with him. However, since Shiqing came to Hecheng, he has been completely destroyed. 

When used to the first, how can Jiang Liye be willing to be the second. 

Therefore, he was determined to make a face of Shiqing, but he was just a boy who was 16 years old and had not grown up. He was still the brother-in-law of the boy. He didn't beat or scold him. He just said his guess reasonably. 

If Shi Qing turns over because of these two "casually say" words, he doesn't feel guilty when he says it, and he still has the upper hand. 

But Shiqing is different. 

At the end of the day, it must be said that they are too young to hold their breath. 

It's a bit of a treat to think about it. 

However, Jiang Liye was disappointed. 

When Qing didn't get angry, the beautiful face that made his teeth itch when he thought of it. Even after he said this, he was still a little proud. 

"Who said this young master brought a woman." 

His face is full of publicity and complacency, if it is not still cold winter, I am afraid he would shake the fan to make a look like a romantic childe. 

"I brought a child molestate." 

Child molestation? 

Among the young masters present, they were also good at this way. Their eyes were bright and they were very interested. 

Shi Qing is famous for his high vision. 

He always wants the best clothes and chessboard. If it is not good, he will never use it.This one can only be spoiled out of the problem, can not be less enviable. 

Now, he said he had found a child molester. 

How good-looking the child molestation must be to look at such a high-level young master. 

Under this expectant sight, the little young master lifted his chin and stretched out his hand to catch the slender hand of the man standing beside him. 

He also specially clasped his ten fingers and showed the hands they held in front of the public. His pride was beyond words: 

"look, my child molestate." 

Everyone:.... " 

They looked at this "child molestate" who was at least one more head taller than Shiqing and was born tall and strong. They did not speak for a long time. 

On the contrary, Shiqing seemed to feel that the stimulation was not light enough. He stretched out his white arm, stood on tiptoe, and landed his hand on his neck. 

Yes, it's a bit difficult. After all, he's only 16 years old, which is understandable. 

The "child molestation" also bowed his head very obediently, and put his hand around the young master's waist, and his head fell slightly on the side of his neck. 

Because of the big difference in body shape and height between the two people, this picture is just like a man's whole time in his arms. 

However, the young master was very proud. He was surrounded and distracted to explain to them: "look how clever my child molestate is. The little bird depends on others." 

Everyone once again: " 

This NIMA bird is like a human??!! 

It's special. It's big. No 

It's a bird eating man!!





 All the people present were shocked by Shi Qing's "erotic pet". 

The young master's white face was still complacent, as if he was proud that his pet could frighten others. 

"How?" 

He raised his eyebrows, obviously unfamiliar, but he had to look like an old hand in the flower field. His beautiful long white fingertips were touched by his clothes in front of Jiang bieyu. 

This action is very familiar to the young masters present. 

After all, every time they go out to play and hold the flower maids to play, their hands are constantly moving. 

Normally speaking, the angle of the hand and the ambiguous sliding of Shiqing are the same as before, but it just makes people feel uncomfortable. 

At that time, the young master's posture, appearance, hand, his whole body was bound to the arms of the high and big "child molestate", OK! 

In particular, the "child molestation" is hard, but it is Shi Qing, who was spoiled and spoiled since childhood. At the moment, he is even on the slender fingers of other people, and the nail cover is soaked with glittering powder. 

How to look, how weak. 

But he was still so proud. 

"You are not choosy every time. If you choose someone casually, you will bring them to you. Where can I have my child molestate? Look, how solid he is." 

When you were making a table, he was a child molestate. What did he do with such a solid body. 

even though they were in the bottom of their hearts, what was there on the surface was that nobody dared to make complaints about it, but they were all stiff faced. They were unaware of their conscience and praised the 

. "Yes, or you have a good eye." 

"It's really different from the previous child molestates." 

"It's you. It's really good." 

The young master was flattered. His beautiful white face was almost full of pride. 

Jiang bieyu stood behind him and looked at him, thinking, but fortunately he was a man. If he had a tail, I'm afraid that his tail would be lifted to the sky now. 

A thought of here, the man will unconsciously a little divergent thinking. 

If there is a tail when halal, according to his delicate temperament, it should also be a fluffy smooth tail. 

When the tail is cocked up, are not the parts covered by the tail exposed? 

Jiang bieyu suddenly felt some itching in his throat. He gave a dry cough and rolled his Adam's apple up and down. He held the young master who was leaning closer to his arms with his pride. 

I don't know if Shiqing is too elated to blame him. Instead, he naturally leans back along the strength of the man behind him and continues to watch Jiang Liye. 

Other people can pretend to be blind without conscience, but Jiang Liye will not. 

He looked at the tall and big man in front of him. He was a rough man who did hard work. He almost didn't laugh. 

"In the past, I said that you are a baby without weaning, but you are really right. Even if you are greedy for our romantic and happy life, you can learn better if you want to learn. What kind of child molestate grows up like this is probably a lowlife who cultivates land in the field." 

There was no hidden meaning in his sarcasm. When he finished, he was still racking his brains to think about how to praise Shiqing, so that the young master would be happy. All the other young masters immediately shut up. 

It's really a crime. How can you be so good? I just got up again when I met these two people. 

If they fight again, who will they help. 

However, Shi Qing was not as angry as before when he was provoked by Jiang Liye. 

The complacency on his face even got a new layer, and the sight of looking at Jiang Liye also took a little bit of "I am happy to succeed in my treachery". 

Jiang Liye 

Shiqing like this, will not really think of any way to deal with him. 

He was afraid, thinking whether to maintain his face and continue to sneer, or to observe the situation first, so as not to burn himself. He saw the young master in front of him eagerly leaned back in the arms of the tall man with a look of arrogance 

"look up, let us master Jiang have a good look at you." 

The man immediately raised his head obediently. 

That face is exactly Jiang bieyu's. 

Shi Qing put his hand on the man's cheek, vaguely stroked his cold outline. When he looked at Jiang Liye, his beautiful eyes were full of profound meaning. 

"I didn't notice before, brother-in-law, you and my son-in-law, the appearance is somewhat similar." 

Jiang Liye 

He's finally figured it out now. 

Where did Shi Qing find a child molestate. 

This is clearly intentional pull Jiang, don't come out disgusting him. 

He stood up with a black face! How dare you insult me! You... " 

"Who insulted you?" 

Seeing his anger, the young master was even more proud, and he went to Jiang bieyu's arms for a while.Jiang Liye's soft and waxy tone sounds extremely hateful in Jiang Liye 

"Jiang bieyu was given to me by yourself. How nice it was yesterday. He pushed the young master into the water and nearly killed me. If you want to fight or scold me, even if I killed him, you Jiang family would not say more." 

"I'm kind-hearted and I like his good-looking life. I didn't beat or scold him, and I didn't kill anyone. I just stayed by my side and made a molestation. My brother-in-law was angry?" 

Say, when clear hand buckles in let oneself lean on the man's back neck. 

Jiang bieyu felt his gentle force to himself and bowed his head obediently. 

Then, on the cheek felt a piece of soft tender. 

Jiang Liye looks at the young master who slowly leaves his lips from Jiang bieyu's cheek. He is almost angry to burst. 

Who doesn't know, for men, subordination is a shame. 

Not to mention being a spoiler, that is to put dignity on the ground. 

Of course, he is not so angry because Jiang bieyu has lost his dignity. 

But angry at, when Qing pulled with him similar to Jiang bieyu, said that this is his child molestation. 

What is Jiang Liye, who has the same father and looks similar to Jiang bieyu? 

Is this Zuo Jian Jiang bieyu? 

He was disgusting at Jiang Liye! 

Not only does Jiang Liye think so, but other young masters present actually think the same. 

No one thought that Jiang bieyu was really a pet for Shiqing. 

Cough, cough. 

After all, Jiang bieyu is a little tall. His appearance can't be said to be ugly, but it's really vicious and makes people subconsciously reject him. 

Shi Qing has always been delicate, no matter what it is, the eye is very high, how can you see the river do not Yu. 

It is just that Yu looks similar to Jiang Liye when he sees the river. He is just disgusted with Jiang Liye. 

None of the people present felt that Jiang bieyu had suffered much humiliation. 

Such as Jiang Liye, who has always been on the top of the cloud, even if he was scolded, it seems to all that he has been wronged. 

But Jiang bieyu? 

Born in the abyss, even if he is trampled to death, no one will pay attention to what he is thinking when he is trampled to death. 

Jiang bieyu has no feeling. 

After all, no one knows better than him. Shi Qing has no heart to insult him. 

Compared with deliberately abusing him, the young master showed his willingness to make use of it. Jiang bieyu adapted very well. 

He just looked at the young master in front of him. He was so arrogant that he said, "the old man is the second one, and I am the third one." he laughed at Jiang Liye? It's a pity that my young body is so empty. " 

"Don't pretend to be stupid. If you practice our family like this, I will..." 

"What is the family of practice?" 

"Jiang bieyu was given to me personally by my brother-in-law. Now I look at him and leave him alone. If you want to have a good drink, I will do it." 

Jiang Liye: "do you regard my children of the Jiang family as idols, don't you say they are practicing?" 

"What kind of practice? I really like his appearance. He is also willing to follow me. How can you say that he is practicing? If you want to say that he is practicing, brother-in-law, you send your brother-in-law. This is the practice. " 

The young master usually looks arrogant and domineering. He only makes a dash against the background. He is really angry. 

Jiang Liye was blocked by him. He didn't know how to say it. He could only move out of Shifu. "I gave him to you to make amends, but you deceived people too much and let him do menial business of serving others. Even if it was put in Shi uncle's, it would not make sense." 

"Don't scare me with my father. If you want to say that, you will give your brother to someone else to be a child molester. Is that ok with Uncle Jiang?" 

"You 

Jiang Liye had never found out that Shiqing was so sharp and sharp that he refused to forgive people for half a minute. 

He gritted his teeth and looked at Shiqing fiercely, "say I give you Jiang bieyu as a child molester. Do you have any evidence?" 

"Then you said that you didn't give him to me to be a child molester. Do you have any evidence?" 

Jiang Liye has not. 

He glanced back at the people in the room. 

The young masters, who had been watching them secretly, looked up at the sky one by one and bowed their heads to count the ants, but none of them was opposite to his sight. 

Before they could pretend that they didn't see Jiang Liye push the time to clear the water. 

Now it is impossible to help Jiang Liye testify. 

When the young master's arrogance became more and more arrogant.He patted Jiang bieyu's shoulder with pride, "hold me up, let's go behind the curtain and have a good time." 

The tall man, submissive and silent, leaned over slightly and held up the man directly. 

It is obviously held by such a manly manner, but Shiqing is not ashamed at all, but proud. 

Thanks to Jiang bieyu's height and being held by him, the young master can also enjoy a look at some people from a commanding position. He gives a special contemptuous look at Jiang Liye, and deliberately leans close to Jiang bieyu's arms to lean on him. 

"hold me fast, and look at your brother's appearance. It's like coming up to eat people. I'm timid and dare not stay here any more." 

Jiang Liye 艹! 

Now the look on his face was really like eating people. 

When he looked at Jiang bieyu, he could not help throwing his disgraceful brother to the bottom of the sea. 

Jiang bieyu, however, was not affected by him at all. He only tightened his hands slightly and encircled the tender young master in his arms. He opened his long legs and went straight to his position. 

Jiang Liye so helplessly watched when Qing was carefully placed on the couch. 

As soon as he sat down, he touched Jiang bieyu's cheek with one hand, slightly raised the other hand, and pulled down the curtain. 

The curtain fell, and people outside could no longer see what was going on inside. 

But it's just because you can't see it that it makes people think more and more. 

With what Shi Qing just said, have a good time. 

Jiang Liye's face is turning green into green grassland. 

He didn't care that Jiang bieyu was taken as a plaything. 

But he cares that Jiang bieyu is similar to him in other people's eyes. 

The other young masters all looked at each other and pretended that they didn't know anything. They came and pulled Jiang Liye to make a comeback. 

"don't be angry, come and sit down and drink." 

"Have some cakes. Come on." 

"Look at the singer, she looks really good." 

They are, as always, playing tricks. 

Always is when Qing eat shriveled, feel no one to help their own suffocation. 

Now he changed to Jiang Liye, and he knew how hard it was. 

He glared at the curtain that covered the scene inside, sat down heavily and poured himself a glass of wine. 

When Qing is proud of what. 

In order to fight against him, he did not hesitate to ask Jiang bieyu to be a child molester. 

The appearance is not soft and beautiful, but the body is hard. 

There's nothing to be happy about. 

Pooh! 

But even if it was how hard he tried to hypnotize himself, he still couldn't help but burst out of his mind, Shiqing's face was full of obscene smile, touching Jiang bieyu's face, as if he were Jiang Liye. 

Bang! 

He threw away his glass and ate the cake with a gloomy face. 

Jiang Liye is about to be made up by his own brain picture angry. 

However, the curtain was not the scene he imagined. 

"Hiss..." 

Because the curtain is not soundproof, the young master carefully massages Bai Shengsheng's toes in jiangbieyu. Even if the pain is painful, he can only breathe in a small voice. 

Seeing the man's slender hands gently knead that has some slightly reddish toes, his painful body trembled, subconsciously hiding. 

However, he forgot that it was designed for people to have fun, and the design was quite humanized. 

For example, this couch is a little smaller than what you usually sleep at home. 

Jiang bieyu had to massage his painful toes, so he circled his couch directly. 

In other words, the young master shrunk back, not only did not avoid the man who surrounded him, but more like throwing himself into the arms. 

Jiang bieyu stopped for his massage. 

He looked at Shiqing, who was still unconscious, and moved his body slightly. 

The man spoke. 

His voice was still hoarse and ugly, because he was afraid of being heard outside, he lowered it specially and asked deeply, "does it hurt?" 

"Nonsense." 

Shi Qingzheng, while avoiding the action, is also doing something to drill into people's home. Hearing this, he stretched out his hand and gently pushed Jiang bieyu. 

"If you try to kick the screen, do you know how hard I have to endure just now before I didn't show up in front of Jiang Liye?" 

Jiang bieyu was silent and did not answer. 

Although he was very sure that he would play instead, it would not be like Shiqing. After the delicate and weak kick, it was his toes that made him feel uncomfortable. 

He was just like a loyal servant. He lowered his eyes slightly and held the white foot with his long, thin cocoon hand. The other hand carefully and gently continued to press it gently for the young master. 

He had been itching in his throat because Shiqing couldn't sit still. It seemed that the young master didn't notice it. The pain was so severe that he not only wanted to drill into his arms, but also held his arms tightly with a pair of soft and tender hands.When it hurts, the hands are tight. 

He didn't have much strength. He could not make Jiang bieyu feel pain when he was tight. He could only let him feel the soft body more clearly. 

And when Qing because of pain and slightly with trembling poor voice. 

Jiang bieyu found that he liked to talk to him in a soft voice that seemed to cry when listening. 

When Qing Dynasty was from the south of the Yangtze River, his voice was soft. When he felt wronged, the voice became softer. 

Delicate, always like a little sweet. 

Even though he knew that in Shi Qing's eyes, he was just a tool to use and aim at Jiang Liye, after hearing such a voice, the man could not help but lighten his strength. 

It's not because of a soft heart. 

But he was afraid that if he did not control himself again, he would not be able to help but directly hoop the young master in his arms and hold him to keep him from leaving. 

But he tried to bear it, but the young master in his arms didn't realize that all the dead people were wrapped up in his arms, and his tender hands went in along the man's lapel. 

When touching the soft touch, Jiang bieyu's whole body was frozen. 

Ding! Jiang bieyu's rejection degree is 98 out of 100 

the man's expression is a little complicated, and looking at him can be regarded as taking the initiative to get close to his young master. 

When Qing eye tail is still slightly red, obviously just was just massaged to endure to fall to tears, because this red eye tail, that beautiful face also showed a bit of pity. 

Even if his hands are now obscene touch, because of the white face on a bit of pity, it is difficult to make people feel bad. 

What's more, although the action is obscene, Shi Qing's attitude is quite reasonable. 

He patted and beat, and looked and acted like the butcher Jiang bieyu had seen on the street. 

The butcher kept a group of pigs. When he killed the pigs, he always beat them to see which one was fatter. 

Jiang bieyu has seen it several times. Every time the butcher meets a satisfied pig, he will show a satisfied look on his face. He will smile and continue to pat. 

Now, the young master's eyes are full of satisfaction. He slaps and slaps along his clothes. He feels good, but his hands are confiscated. Instead, he falls on the man's strong elasticity and slides around like a toy. 

Jiang bieyu saw clearly his disapproval. 

He was quite reasonable about his actions and didn't feel anything wrong with it. 

After all, he is the master and Jiang bieyu is the servant. 

Strictly speaking, Jiang bieyu can only be regarded as his private property. 

When the master son, touch one's own property only, have a problem? 

As for whether this property will not want to be touched. 

Who cares. 

The man slightly droops the eye son, the cold and hard face lets him look cold and solemn, but this pair can frighten the female women to retreat, but did not cause any trouble to the young master of the family when he was up and down. 

He is still happy, eyes even a little serious, with satisfaction, upright, take advantage of others. 

It seemed that he did not know how much trouble Jiang bieyu had brought by his soft tender hand. 

For Jiang bieyu, this is not pork picking. 

It's lighting everywhere. 

His body was slightly taut, his abdominal muscles tightened slightly, and he asked in a hoarse voice 

"what are you doing?" 

"Can't you see that?" 

"I'm touching you," he said 

The man's eyes darkened almost immediately. 

When he looked at him, he was very reasonable and forceful. He seemed not to realize what was wrong with his dishonesty without permission. 

Sure enough. 

This young master is just a good appearance. 

In fact, what's the difference between inside and outside. 

Jiang BIE Yu micro micro micro motion body, clearly or the original look, but always seems to show a bit of cold. 

He stretched out his hand, slowly holding the boy's slender wrist, driving his hand, slowly down the lapel. 

It's nice to say, "it's better to touch here." 

However, Shi Qing shook off his hand directly. 

The pampered young master looked at him inexplicably. After getting rid of the shackles, he returned to the strong chest of the man. 

A slap. 

Finally full of satisfaction to come to the conclusion that "you are so good, put on the set I drew before, it will be very beautiful." 

Said, he can't hide the envy of looking down at his own body. 

Because of his young age, he has been well raised since childhood. 

Young master can only be described with three words. 

It's soft. 

It's tender. 

In short, the whole person is like a piece of tender tofu, soft and smooth, but not cold and hard."Ah." 

He sighed and leaned against the man's arms, turned back slightly and touched Jiang bieyu's cold cheek. 

"you can eat more in the future, grow up well, and give me a strong body. Before I grow up like you, you will be cheap and let you wear my painting clothes." 

Jiang bieyu suddenly realized that Shi Qing was not interested in him, but envied his figure. 

It's not clear what he felt at the bottom of his heart when he understood this. 

In a word, either happy or. 

Knowing that he thought too much, Jiang bieyu didn't do any more extra actions. He just kept massaging his injured toes as carefully as the most loyal servant in the world. 

He was too light and comfortable, and he lay in a daze and fell asleep in the arms of a man. 

Jiang bieyu, who has been silent just now, stops slightly. 

He raised his eyes and looked at the young master who was sweet and arrogant. 

In my heart, a trace of greed gradually rose. 

The young master of the time family was very tender from birth. From the toe to the hair, which place was not raised tender? He always looked at arrogance when he was awake. 

But when he fell asleep, and his eyes were always closed with some vigor, the tenderness of being spoiled seemed to have another place to go. 

In these troubled times, if you can get such a canary. 

Little Jiaojiao, quietly jumping in the cage called, that should be how good. 

Ding! Jiang bieyu's rejection rate was 95 out of 100 

Jiang bieyu didn't think about it any more. He just dropped his eyes again and continued to massage quietly with Shiqing.





 When Qing was comfortable, I didn't know how long he had been sleeping. Anyway, when he woke up, the man who had been close to him had a pair of slender big hands still pressing his feet for him. 

It never stopped. 

Because he just woke up and didn't sleep on the familiar couch, the young master was a little confused and lost in his eyes, so he set his eyes on Jiang bieyu. 

This picture is also soft and has no attack power in the sober period, which makes Jiang BIE Yu's gently moving hand stop unconsciously. 

The soft feet, which were tender and had not suffered a little since they were born, gently drew back, as if to break away from the shackles of men's hands. 

Almost subconsciously, Jiang bieyu's long relaxed hand suddenly clenched and quickly clasped the foot that wanted to escape from him. 

"Well?" 

The voice of the young master who just woke up was soft. Even if he was still confused, it did not hinder him to look at the past with dissatisfaction. 

Jiang BIE Yu droops his eyes and covers the edge that shouldn't be in his eyes. Before he wakes up, he slowly releases his hand. 

The man's voice was low, full of hoarse, "a little cold, do you want to put on socks?" 

The young master didn't notice the difference. He squinted comfortably and leaned back. He handed his foot to the palm with a thin cocoon. 

Jiang bieyu put on Luo socks for him in silence. After covering the tender feet with white socks, Shiqing yawned and leaned on him to look out. 

Outside at the moment can also hear those young masters playing sound, no worry will disturb people to sleep. 

It's natural. 

After all, no one would have thought of it. In such a fairyland, the master prepared all kinds of toys. As a result, some people would pull the people they brought into it for a long time just to sleep. 

In their opinion, sleeping is OK. It has to be a verb. 

Therefore, when the young master lifted the curtain and revealed his ruddy face because he was sleeping soundly, the young masters who were sitting together drinking and talking showed an ambiguous look on their faces. 

"You didn't expect to come out at the latest." 

"It's a secret. I'll give you a toast today." 

All of them were greatly impressed by Shi Qing's strength. Jiang bieyu arranged his clothes and put on his boots in silence all the time. He saw that the young master accepted these praises with great confidence. 

He dressed, and got off the bed, familiar to sit on their own position, picked up a glass and touched others. 

After a drink, he took a look at Jiang Liye, who was also sitting in his seat. He turned around and waved at Jiang bieyu 

The tall man immediately obediently arrived at the young master's side and "SAT" on his leg as a "child molestate". 

This action is still a little difficult. After all, Jiang bieyu has to sit down in the eyes of others. He is sitting on the young master, but the actual situation is that he is in horse steps, which can not be seen. 

Fortunately, he had a solid foundation and remained unchanged. 

Shi Qing was so proud that he put his hand on his waist and tried to challenge Jiang Liye at the same time. "I haven't thank my brother-in-law. I'm very happy to send me such a good child molestate." 

With that, he sighed with annoyance, "it's OK. It's just that the appearance of the child molestate is similar to your brother-in-law, which makes me feel very sorry." 

Jiang Liye was livid. 

Several young masters nearby were embarrassed and giggled and joked. Just now we went out for a walk and found that it was snowing outside, and suddenly it was cold again. It was freezing 

When you clear your eyes. 

"How about we go to the ice 

In Hecheng, who didn't know that the young master of his family loved ice frolicking most, but he was the only one in his family. In the past years, he was only allowed to play when it was snowing heavily and the ice was frozen to a solid level. 

Even if he doesn't like it, Shijia can obey this young master in other aspects, but he is very tough in the aspects that may threaten his life. 

All the young masters held him and almost immediately nodded their heads and agreed to go today. If it's dark and you can't see clearly, you can light the lantern 

He was in a high position, and none of the other people who were present should not. For a while, the atmosphere warmed up again. 

Only Jiang Liye, because the Qing Dynasty in order to play ice actively with others to make fun of, actually as if everyone were all stars, no one paid attention to him. 

His face was even worse. 

Partial time Qing still did not let him go, the small eyes looked at him that side, beautiful eyes revealed in the son is full of pride. 

"It's no fun to go to a place that's surrounded all over the place. If you want to go there, you can go to the moat, and the place will also be open." 

He said, smiling at Jiang Liye, "brother in law want to go together?""By the way, I almost forgot that my brother-in-law doesn't love ice frolicking. In that case, we can only go and play, and my brother-in-law can only rest at home." 

Jiang Liye's face is as black as the bottom of a pot. 

What does Shi Qing mean??? 

Snatched the limelight, deliberately tortured him with Jiang bieyu is not calculated, actually still intend to completely put him out of the circle?! 

What a bully!! 

Don't talk about going to Bingxi at the moment, even if Shiqing says to go to the bombing ground ~ Lei ~ Jiang Liye without hesitation. 

He reluctantly raised the corner of his lips, and he did not smile. "I am going to go naturally. For nothing else, you are very delicate. If you fall down in the ice, you will have my brother-in-law take care of me." 

Now the young master's face is not very good-looking. 

Who didn't know when he was young, although he loved playing on the ice, he didn't know what was wrong, so he was skating on the ice. 

When it comes to him, he always falls here and there. 

Fortunately, he was afraid of the cold, and he was covered with a thick layer every time. Although the action was a little cumbersome, it didn't hurt to fall. 

Every winter in Hecheng, there is a thick layer of ice. These young masters have played together since childhood. No one is as clumsy as this young master from the south. 

When he first came to Hecheng, he was laughed at because of this. Until now, the status of Shijia is getting higher and higher, and no one dares to laugh at Shi Qing. 

Except for Jiang Liye. 

"I remember last year, Shiqing, you seem to have fallen on your hips? It's lucky that you didn't get hurt because you dressed too much. It's just that I'm not the brother-in-law who says you're a man. You're so charming. It's just Bingxi. You're wrapped up in a ball. " 

"Fortunately, we have been on the flat land all the time. If we change to a high slope, I'm afraid you can roll all the way down from the top." 

This is a full picture. 

The others tried hard not to laugh. 

Jiang bieyu had never been allowed to take him out. Every time he left the house, he would go out over the wall. This year, seeing the younger brothers of other houses gradually grow up, Jiang Liye took Jiang bieyu with him in order to show his position in the family. 

It's also about the blood of the Jiang family. It's not just a boy. 

Therefore, the man who was not allowed to leave the mansion in the past had never seen the scene mentioned by Jiang Liye. 

Although I haven't seen it before, but with Jiang Liye's words, I can see that on the frozen lake, the delicate young master's body wears three layers inside and three outside, which makes the slender figure into a chubby ball. 

But his face is small, in this ball should be more and more petite. 

Because of the heavy clothes, walking should be slow and slow step by step, but the eyes are shining with the expectation of ice playing. 

He slightly darkened his eyes and looked at the young master who was trying to make a gesture of "embracing him" in front of him. 

Shi Qing was obviously angry at Jiang Liye's words. 

So is it. 

In the end is a man, how can you stand others look down on themselves. 

Jiang BIE Yu Mou son heavy look toward is angry he, suddenly slightly moved the body, let own body and when Qing stick more intimate. 

After the heat source approached, when Qing first did not react to come over, looked at him one eye, and then the facial expression was flying. 

His natural hand reached the clothes of the man in his arms, cocked up his chin and announced to Jiang Liye that "my young master doesn't want to go all of a sudden. Why do you want to go outside to get cold when you have a beautiful man in your arms in winter?" 

He said, body slightly forward, white cheek to Jiang bieyu's arms, super proud look "so good-looking body and solid, character is still so soft, can be more fun than what ice play." 

As if he was afraid that Jiang Liye would stop him, the young master patted Jiang bieyu, waiting for him to stand up, he also followed. 

"You'll have a good time. I'll go first." 

He said, his face is a natural, but the action is very agile, pull Jiang bieyu to go out. 

In this situation, people can not help but think of four words. 

It's gone. It's gone. 

All the young masters on the spot knew that he was running so fast. 

It's just for fear of losing face that Jiang bieyu is more fun than ice. 

Even if he lost face in the past years, he was almost killed this year. How could he swallow this breath. 

It's a pity that everyone else understands it. It's a pity that the boasting words of Shi Qing in front of Jiang Liye's ears are condensed into a sentence 

so that he can practice his tools is much more fun than Bingxi. 

With Shi Qing's elated appearance, Jiang Liye would like to go back to fight the blow he gave him at that time. 

Even if let Shiqing kill Jiang bieyu on the spot.It's better than now. Take Jiang bieyu to make a raft to disgust him. 

He is not willing to be soft. 

Isn't Shiqing disgusting him? 

When someone doesn't feel sick. 

He gritted his teeth and saw that the young man had pulled the tall man open the door and walked out. 

"You don't want to give him up. Just take him with you. Why do you have to pull him away from him?" 

Because standing outside, there are passers-by, Jiang Liye did not understand the sarcasm, but put on a good look to talk out 

"now we all go to ice play, you do not go, it is not good." 

The young master who stood in front of him was sure to get angry when his face was ugly. But when he looked around, his anger was stifled. 

Jiang Liye is proud of himself. 

Even if Shi Qing was crazy on his face, he was still his brother-in-law outside. 

Even if he had pushed people into the lake before, he almost died. This lawless young master didn't want to call him brother-in-law in front of outsiders. 

And he couldn't stop calling. 

Jiang Liye has a smile on his face. He opens his eyes and tells lies. He raises his voice to 

"speaking of it, you came here just now, haven't you called me? You are more and more impolite, child. " 

When Qing seems to be very angry, even the hand that holds Jiang bieyu arm is used force slightly. 

The man did not raise his eyes, but stood quietly beside the young master, so that he could grasp his arm. 

At the same time, he can also hear clearly that Jiang Liye is using a sarcastic tone to quietly sneer at the young master 

"that's what I said. What can you do? Even if you call me in the room, believe it or not, those people who just flattered you will not testify for you. If you ask, they will only say that they did not hear or pay attention. " 

Jiang Liye sneered. Only Shi Qing and Jiang bieyu could hear the words in a soft voice: "it's like you fell into the water before. Your father asked everyone, but did not everyone pretend to be deaf and dumb? Shiqing, do you really think you can't make it with all the stars? At the critical moment, no one will help you. " 

Jiang bieyu can feel the young man grasping his soft and tender fingers slowly. 

It should be like this. 

There was a little calmness in his mind. 

In the end, he was a young master who had been spoiled since childhood, and he was also the only seedling of the time family. Even the parents above held him in the palm of their hands. Let alone the servants at the bottom, they would like to hold him to heaven. 

How could such a young master grow up in a big house of the Jiang family when he was a child, facing the Chengfu of Jiang Liye, who had more than 20 younger brothers competing with him. 

When he was inside, Shi Qing could still talk to him, but when he left the door, once Jiang Liye put on his mask and deliberately made a smile and his brother-in-law's identity to disgust him, the young master could not help it. 

These are also very normal. 

It's just that Jiang bieyu doesn't want Shiqing to admit defeat. 

If he really lost, it would be like a fresh flower losing dew. 

Beauty is beauty, but there is always something missing. 

"Brother in law." 

Jiang bieyu was disappointed and took it for granted. The boy cried out, and a smile appeared on his white face. 

"it's freezing now. Many people in the city can't eat and wear warm. Some people are hungry, so they can only go to the moat to dig ice and catch fish to eat. If I should, you can go skating there, In order to have fun, we must send someone to drive those people away. " 

Jiang Liye raised his eyelids and looked at the young master in front of him with the appearance of "make up, you continue to make up". In order to keep his face, the young master in front of him would pull the reason blindly. 

"It's very cold now, and it's pouring water into ice. I've read in books that people need to spend a lot of effort to drill ice on the river, and if it's done, it's not safe. We should always guard against it, so that we don't have to give up all our efforts and spend a lot of time digging ice." 

"The common people go to drill and fish because they are hungry. If we drive them away for the sake of ice frolicking, when we leave and the ice cave freezes, they will not have the strength to dig again." 

"So I don't want to go, brother-in-law, don't persuade me, I won't go." 

Jiang Liye sneers in his heart. 

It's very similar. This boy is still so sharp and sharp. 

If it was not for what he looked like when he saw more, he really thought that he was full of people, a sincere heart. 

Anyway, he only bit to death one sentence: "I am your brother-in-law, now I invite you to Bingxi, how can you refuse me?" 

Shi Qing's face was puzzled: "yes, but if you disturb the people...""If you only play for a while, how can it disturb the people?" 

Jiang Liye is very sure that people will not make trouble. 

They are all fools who don't know big words. Don't say that they just frolic. Even if they did something else, they would not dare to borrow their eight courage just because of their temperament. 

With a sincere heart, the young master finally nodded at his brother-in-law's "cordial invitation". 

Jiang bieyu was always by his side. When Shi Qing was forced to agree, the whole person seemed to wither. He did not seize every opportunity to feel around his clothes. He did not have to grasp his arm. Only under Jiang Liye's proud sight, he entered the sedan chair with no spirit. 

Although Jiang bieyu stayed with Shi Qing for such a long time, the young master was so loved by all the people that a man who had always been in high spirits suddenly withered like this, which made him feel a little uncomfortable. 

Jiang Liye, who was also in the sedan chair, suddenly felt a flash of cold light behind him, and the whole person subconsciously made a swing. 

When I came back to my mind, I was sweating all over my back. 

What's the situation? 

He looked back strangely, but only saw his dull and obedient brother standing respectfully at the door of Shiqing's sedan chair. 

The curtain of the sedan chair was being lifted, revealing a thin white wrist and waving to Jiang bieyu. 

The concubine then like a dog general, obedient also followed on the sedan chair. 

Hiss. 

Jiang Liye sneered in the bottom of his heart. 

He has no backbone to serve others. 

The point is, he doesn't have a few colors. 

I don't know. 

He also got on the sedan chair, thinking that for a while, he would surely have to laugh at Shiqing, and it was better to throw him into a fool. 

And in the sedan chair ahead. 

Shi Qingzheng untied his money bag and handed it to Jiang bieyu. He said a lot of words. 

Finish saying that, haughtily raises the small chin, because of that inborn soft waxy voice, associated with the arrogance in the words, all become very lovely. 

"Can you hear me clearly?" 

The man with the money bag in his hand silently looks at the youth in front of him, and his expression is slightly complicated. 

Seeing that he shouldn't, the young master slapped his displeased hand on the springiness of his hand and wiped it with great convenience. "Why are you so wooden, young master? I asked you if you heard me clearly. Don't yell what I told you." 

Jiang bieyu directly ignored the soft hand that was sliding in front of him and nodded. 

After all, Shi Qing's action is so reasonable and forceful, as if this kind of action put on a woman is molestation, which is normal and incomparable. His eyes are also very clear, and he can not see any lewdness or evil at all. 

Such eyes, enough to let everyone believe that he is only pure appreciation of Jiang bieyu. 

The appreciation of body and face. 

When Qing's carriage drove to a general stop, Jiang bieyu got off the car and left in silence. 

Jiang Liye didn't take it seriously when he heard his report. 

However, he was a humble servant born to a slave. If it was not for Shiqing, he would not even look at Jiang bieyu. 

Anyway, today, he must see Shiqing jokes. 

Today, Jiang Liye is doomed to see no Shiqing joke. 

When they arrived at the moat, it was really thick ice, and there were scattered people digging ice on it, trying to get fish to eat. 

Jiang Liye sent people to disperse the people as usual. The first few were good. When they arrived at the back, those "common people" who should have dared not offend the noble people suddenly became agitated. 

"Why do you want to drive us away? Now the cold weather in our family has been hungry for several days. I have no strength at all. I broke the ice very hard and wanted to catch the fish to eat for the children. If you don't catch one, you will drive me, I won't go!! Nobody wants me to go! " 

It's a struggle. 

"Lord, please. The five dolls in my family are starving. The ice has just been cut open, and we must be watched. You can let us live." 

It's a cry. 

There were only three people in total, but they just threw out the posture of thirteen people. 

Originally heard the noble people want to use here to let them go, numb to leave the people are also stimulated to fight. 

One by one, although dare not make too much, but also cry to beg. 

Around immediately many people stretched their necks around to see what was going on. 

Jiang Liye's eyebrows are wrinkled tightly. I didn't expect that these Dalits would dare to make trouble. 

Seeing more and more people coming to see him, he didn't want to make a big fuss about the matter. He wanted to use money to buy a good reputation. 

Jiang Liye "forget it..." 

Words have not finished, first by the side of the time robbed Hu.Young master full of sympathy "forget it, it's really pitiful, come on, give these silver to them, we will not play ice." 

With that, he also sighed with special compassion and took a glance at Jiang Liye. "Look, brother-in-law, I can't say it." 

Jiang Liye 

This kid is really NIMA. He's ready to go. 

Originally intended to see the excitement, but was regarded as a lively. 

Originally very depressed, did not expect to go back, unexpectedly said that is the commander in chief sent them to the past. 

A group of childish brothers have no official status in the end, and they are a little bit counselled. 

When they got to the place, they were sure to ask about their driving out the people. At that time, both father Jiang and father Jiang had received news and sat on both sides. 

"Go to the moat to play ice, who put forward this?" 

Jiang Liye was pleased, but Zhang opened his mouth and didn't speak yet. Shi Qing, next to him, took the lead and said, "it was put forward by my brother-in-law!" 

Jiang Liye 

He watched the young master continue to say, "I said no, it will hinder the people. My brother-in-law has to pull me to go. Ah, this is really..." 

Jiang Liye You said it 

Then Qing suddenly looked at him with a shocked face? When did I mention it?? It's always been brother-in-law, aren't you? " 

Jiang Liye wanted to kill him with a slap. He gritted his teeth and said, "if you don't believe it, ask them." 

Shi Qing looked at the young masters behind them. 

Jiang Liye: "you say, when Qing Dynasty first proposed to come and go ice play." 

Young master one "don't know." 

"I didn't notice." 

Young master three "did not hear clearly." 

Jiang Liye Day!





 Before in front of his peers arrogant temper is not very good, to the public holding the time Qing in front of the elders also did not look down. 

"They didn't hear it clearly and didn't know the reason. You can send someone directly to the land boundary where we are. I once refused my brother-in-law's invitation to go to Bingxi. My brother-in-law had to take me to Bingxi. At that time, many people watched. How could you rely on me?" 

He was particularly righteous and could not stop blaming Jiang Liye: "I said no, no, my brother-in-law still has to go, and now I have to blame for an accident. I have not seen such a brother-in-law, do not love my brother-in-law, do not regard me as a brother-in-law, but also let me take charge of things." 

Shi Qingsheng's good-looking looks like a charming young master who is not familiar with the world. He seems to complain and act like a coquettish person, and he will not feel that he is suing. 

It will only make people feel that Jiang Liye is not authentic. 

After all, since Shi Qing dares to say so, he is sure that the truth is true. 

He is a brother-in-law. He has not yet opened his mouth to complain. It is Jiang Liye who has to drag him to go. As a result, Jiang Liye is very good. He clearly started his own business, and he must be wronged by his innocent brother-in-law. 

At present, the implied meaning of the elders looking at Jiang Liye is not very good. 

Although his father was an elder, he was just a father-in-law. Jiang Liye's father was sitting here. He couldn't say anything serious. He just served tea with a bad face and his tone was not heavy. He said, "it seems that Liye is worried about brother Jiang's punishment." 

The implication is that in order to avoid punishment, Jiang Liye put the blame on his son. 

Anyway, he knows his son's temperament. If there is no evidence, he can't be so sure. 

In the face of outsiders, of course, it is decisive to protect the short. 

Jiang's father looked at his son, his face even more ugly than his father. 

As soon as Jiang Liye saw how his father thought of himself, he cried out in his heart and quickly explained to him, "Dad, don't believe Shi Qing, it's him..." 

"Shut up!" 

Jiang's father slammed his teacup on the table, his face was black, and his eyes were full of harshness. 

"in the past, my father was too spoiled to you. You don't know the height of heaven and earth, and you don't repent when you make mistakes. Do I teach you that in order to avoid the punishment of the elders 

Jiang Liye was scolded by him more and more impatient. 

What is spoiled to teach, from small to large, he is not the master to teach it? 

Jiang's father is only concerned about drinking and drinking every day, or when he taught him in this aunt's house and that aunt's house. 

Don't think he doesn't know that his father has a face in front of his grandfather. It's all because of his eldest son. 

Jiang Liye didn't have much awe for his father. He was reprimanded and didn't admit his mistake. He only had an unconvinced iron green face and kept silent. 

Everyone can see how unconvinced he is. 

When the governor looked into his sight, he was filled with unhappiness. 

It's not terrible to make mistakes. What we are afraid of is not to correct them. 

In particular, Jiang Liye was taught by his father. His father was so disrespectful, which shows his character. 

And when you look at it again, it's clear there. 

Although the father in the time of the home, in a room of spoiled when the Qing people seem to look down on this son, always scold. 

But it depends on the situation. 

Now they are outside, and his son has been wronged again. Although he is in the way of his own son, he still has to reprimand him in front of the commander in chief. 

But reprimand is just a passing scene. 

Therefore, his face was gentle, and his tone was not very severe. He asked the young man kneeling below 

"although you don't want to go to ice play, you are also going. Now those people who have been harmed by their painstaking efforts have been abandoned. You have to drive them away, but someone went to the governor to complain. In the end, you have done something wrong. Do you know that you are wrong?" 

This time, he didn't talk about Jiang Liye. He nodded his head to admit that his son was wrong 

His kneeling was straight and his white face was full of seriousness. Although he was charming at first sight and all his clothes and accessories were exquisite, his soft voice was very clear, and the people present could hear him clearly. 

"at that time, when the common people began to cry, their sons already knew that they were wrong, but they were afraid that they would not leave his brother-in-law's interest He also gave them their own money as compensation, thinking that money could be used to solve the problem. These are two mistakes. My son should not have made these two big mistakes. He should ask his father to punish him. " 

Next to Jiang Liye, I wish I could go up and bite Shiqing. 

Is this kid admitting his mistake? 

This is clearly one side boasting oneself, while constantly throwing the pot on him. 

He opened his mouth to speak, but the commander-in-chief sitting on it said, "Oh? So you have compensated the common people for their money? "Jiang Liye was arrogant among his peers, but he did not dare to do anything more in front of the governor, who was also an official. Seeing that he opened his mouth, he could only shut his mouth reluctantly. 

With such a black face, when listening to that boy blind a few bullshit. 

"Yes." 

After Shi Qing's definite answer, a smile of embarrassment appeared on his white face. He lowered his head and his voice was soft and soft. He said, "it's just that I haven't met this kind of situation before, so I only gave the silver to the people nearby. Maybe some people didn't get the silver, so I told you." 

He used to be a little more reasonable, but now he has added a little bit of youth's unique shyness, and the governor can't help but feel that he is not guilty. 

He had heard of out of date Qing before, and he also knew what reputation this young master was in Hecheng. 

Before I still felt that Xu was spoiled by my family, and I was a man of no taboo. 

Now it seems that, although the temperament is indeed some publicity, but it may be mostly because of the relationship between age. 

Young man, publicity is right. 

What's more, although Shi Qing publicized it, he looked good on the big issues. He also knew that going to the moat to play in ice might disturb the people, and he also knew that spending money to make people feel at ease. 

However, he was still young and did not consider things properly, which did not pacify all the people and let people go to him to sue. 

However, compared with Jiang Liye, he is already very good. 

After all, I'm still young, where can I take everything into consideration. 

Consciously in the heart for a clear time, the governor looked down to the bottom of the juvenile kneeling line of sight is soft, not a little bit. 

What a nice kid. 

He nodded and said to Shi Qingdao, "you have done a good job. There is no need to blame yourself." 

As soon as he finished, he saw that the boy below seemed to have something under his knee. He twisted his body and asked immediately: 

"what's the matter? But I don't feel well? " 

The young master was still showing patience on his face. When he asked, he didn't cover it up. He only showed a flattering smile on his beautiful face. His voice was soft, as if he was playing coquetry with his close elders. 

"since he was a child, he has never knelt down. Today, it is cold and kneeling for a long time, and his knees hurt a little." 

"Asshole!" 

Sitting on one side of the upper part, my father said with a straight face, "if you spoil me at home, how can you be so in front of the commander in chief? Kneel straight for me!" 

The young master was suddenly full of grievances. He closed his face and flattered his smile. He twisted his body and knelt straight. 

The poor but dare not say much small appearance, with the grievance of the look, and pleasing beautiful face, the governor looked, not only did not feel that he did not have rules, but felt that the young man was really temperament. 

He once had a child, because he had only such an only child. He was very careful to raise him for fear that there would be half a mistake. The child was also close to him. As a result, he was raised to the age of 15 and died of a cold. 

Although he never appeared on the surface, in fact, the governor had some empathy for a young man about this age. 

Especially Shi Qing, who is willing to be coquettish with him as he treats his elders, can also remind him of his son. 

He looked gentle, facing his father, "why scold the child like this? Isn't it normal that he is young and spoiled from childhood?" 

When his father was serious, he said, "no, this son dares to be presumptuous in front of the adults. You can't forgive him lightly", but he doesn't think so. 

If it wasn't for blocking the mouth of those present and letting the governor not blame Shiqing for disrespect, he would certainly not have scolded his son like this. 

After all, Shi Qing said before that he didn't want to go to Bingxi. It was Jiang Liye who had to pull him. 

His son, that was wronged! 

He thought about this side of his heart, but the governor over there liked it more and more. He simply said, "since you are not used to kneeling, come here and give a seat." 

If it was replaced by other young masters, he would certainly refuse in fear. But when the time came to clear up, the young master immediately changed his aggrieved look on his face and gave a big smile to the governor. 

Dry crisp stand up, soft waxy voice full of close "thank you for your sympathy." 

The stool was moved here. He was not polite at all, and sat on it with a smile. 

When the father looked at his son's smile, the expression on his face took a puff. 

This kid, he's not out of the ordinary. 

When this is my home. 

"Rebellious son, what do you look like..." 

Before he scolded him, the chief commander intercepted the words to 

"needless to say, the child, he has not done anything wrong. Since he is right, why should he kneel with him?"As soon as this was said, the young master, who had done nothing wrong with the official seal, became more and more justifiable, and sat on the stool with a calm face. 

The young masters behind him "..." 

Jiang Liye 

No one came out to refute. 

Those young men are determined not to get involved in the struggle between them. Anyway, they fight. It is impossible for shrimps and rice to be cannon fodder. 

Jiang Liye's brain is gradually sober. 

He thought about it in his mind and found that he couldn't prove that it was Shiqing who said he went to Bingxi. 

First of all, it is impossible for those young masters behind him to testify for him. These are just a group of grass-roots people who start their own businesses happily. When something happens, they will run faster than everyone else. 

Then, Shi Qing did tell him that he didn't want to go to Bingxi outside. He also made it clear that he was afraid of disturbing the people. At that time, so many people heard about the people coming and going. Even if he insisted, it was definitely Jiang Liye who was lying. 

In addition, on the moat, Shiqing first gave the money. 

All three things together, he had no chance to reveal the truth. 

However, he was silent, but the young master in front of him still did not let him go. Relying on Jiang Liye, he knelt on the ground while he sat on a high stool and looked down at him. 

That soft waxy tone, soft and soft people hate. 

"Brother in law, if you still want to wrongly me, you can send someone out to check it out. You are very observant. If you really don't do it, you will not be punished." 

He blinked, white face showed a bit of grievance to "why put all the blame on me, my body is very weak, if you can not explain clearly, adults want to hit the board, how can you stand." 

As soon as the words came out, my father became nervous at once. 

Don't see that he is always a bastard before the son, facing the son of Shiqing, he is more careful than anyone. 

From childhood to adulthood, when Shiqing was ill, he was always watching and supervising the doctor. 

Shijia was such a young master. If something happened, he worked hard to make such a high position in Hecheng. No one would inherit it, and all of them would be in vain. 

He quickly looked at the commander in chief, and carefully said, "my Lord, although I look at the body is OK, in fact, he has been weak since childhood. If you really do something wrong, you can punish him, but do not hit him." 

Jiang Liye, who was still angry in his heart, laughed at his father's words. 

Or how to raise the overbearing temperament of Shiqing, who lies so righteously and justly. 

Son, is that for pampering? It's not a girl, such a big young master, but also spoiled into such. 

The governor must have felt in his heart that he would not teach his son. 

Jiang's father almost thinks so. He thinks that his father usually looks smart. How can he care about his son. 

He also opened his mouth, but the meaning of his words was completely contrary to that of his father: "adults, since you have made mistakes in your career, you should punish them, and you should listen to them." 

After all, Jiang Fu was very proud of this sentence. After all, he was the commander in chief. Even if the two families were in a high position in Hecheng, they were not officials. To put it bluntly, they were dependent on people. 

How can you bear to be criticized by others. 

What's more, the governor was newly appointed, and he needed to establish his authority. When his father spoiled his son like that, the governor must be very upset. If you look at him like this, he will give everything to the governor. With such cooperation, the governor will surely have a good feeling for him. 

What Jiang Fu thinks is very good, logic is also very smooth. 

Unfortunately, the newly appointed commander-in-chief, because of his dead son, has no place to spread his father's love. He does not like the kind of father who is strict with his son and gives his son to outsiders to beat and scold. 

The reason why you dare to do this is because there are a lot of sons in the family, and it doesn't hurt to have a dead one? 

Take a look at me. Unfortunately, I finally had a child. I was very careful and careful. I saw that the child was going to get married and have children. I gave birth to a lot of grandchildren. As a result, I was so cold that I went. 

When the governor thought about it, his heart was full of sadness. If he looked at Jiang Fu again, he was not satisfied with all aspects. 

This point is similar to his father's idea. 

When the father has been very reluctant to see this in laws, feel that he is not lucky, there are so many sons, but also all obedient. 

He was envious and envious. Every time he heard Jiang's father say his son's one, two, three, four, five and six seven, his eyes were red with envy. 

Although the governor was not jealous, he was obviously closer to his father, who took good care of his children and raised them carefully. 

Ah, it's the same people from the end of the world. 

Jiang's father over there is still Balabala. "When you first took office, the dog made such a big trouble. Although I'm not an official, I also know to cooperate with the adult's jurisdiction. Today, if you punish me, I don't have a second word."When the governor looked at him, he felt that his head was full of words like "Hey, hey, my son is not afraid of you". He felt depressed and nodded his head 

"that's the case, come here, fight!" 

Jiang Fu "..." 

Jiang Liye 

No, what happened? 

Why not follow the logic?! 

When they cooperate with each other, when they don't cooperate, they also ask for all kinds of requests. Shouldn't we not beat them to hit Shiqing? 

Even if we want to fight, we should treat them equally. 

Both of them were shocked, but the governor did not explain to them at all. 

He also felt that he had already given the Jiang family a lot of face. At least, he had a head and a face. He just wanted to make ten boards. 

Those young masters are accomplices, and they are not the main conspirators. One person has five boards. They can only fight hard. 

The new official took office three fires, and now his fire has been released. 

There was a sudden howl from the hall. 

Jiang bieyu, as a servant who didn't participate in it, knelt on one side like an invisible man. 

Just a pair of eyes, but always fell on the bench, did not feel that others have been beaten, he did not have the heart and uneasiness. 

Shiqingzheng was gloating at the young masters who had been beaten. 

Just looking at it is not enough, he still relies on his back to his father, Jiang Fu, when the commander in chief, from time to time shows a little look on his face to watch the excitement. 

Those young masters have been beaten at home, and have some experience in fighting. Even if they have three points of pain, they can shout out 300 points of pain. Those who beat them all know that they are young masters in Hecheng, and they dare not exert themselves any more. 

Jiang Liye has never been beaten since childhood. 

It's not like those young men who have struggle experience. When he gets hurt, he opens his mouth and cries out, but before he makes a sound, he looks at him with gloating eyes. 

"Brother in law, do you feel pain? If it hurts, it will feel better to shout out. " 

Jiang Liye 

Would Shiqing be so kind to remind him? 

This is clearly want to see his joke! 

Damn it! 

He didn't yell! 

The people who hit him didn't hear the sound, so they thought Jiang Liye could bear it, so they didn't deliberately release water. 

Jiang Liye was beaten by several boards, and his face was sweating. The pain was almost suspicious of his life. However, because Shi Qing was "watching a joke" in front of him, he could not even shout out. He was angry and painful, and his eyes were all blackening. 

Until the board is finished, the other young masters are all shivering with snivel and tears on their knees. 

Jiang Liye, like a dead dog lying there, even no strength to move. 

At once the governor's eyebrows wrinkled. 

But it's just ten boards. He hasn't let the people below seriously greet him. Jiang Liye was right when he put the mistake on others. Now that he's on the board, he doesn't even have the guts. 

He didn't deliberately hide his dislike. Jiang's father soon realized that he was dissatisfied with Jiang Liye, the son who always satisfied him. 

Originally, he thought that the son was very good. He was good-looking, and could make his father happy. He was the eldest son of his grandchildren and married the first lady of his family. 

The future should be limitless. 

As a result, he was always doing stupid things. The purpose of his marriage with Shijia was to help him fight for the position of successor in the Jiang family. 

Jiang Liye didn't know to coax Shixi, but she couldn't get along with her mother's family. 

Shiqing was the only young master in the family. He pushed people into the water. He had already covered up the past with a common son. Now, in front of so many people, he still clearly wanted to frame up Shiqing. 

The key is that you frame and frame. At any rate, the framing is successful. 

Now he also lost a big face with the harm. Now, as soon as the governor took office, Jiang Liye made an accident. This is not to beat the governor's face! 

Jiang Fu's face was not good-looking, but his father was in a good mood. 

Anyway, as long as his son does not suffer losses. 

As soon as the governor took office, it was impossible for him to hold on to this matter. After hitting the board and saying a few words of encouragement, he released him. 

Those young men can go, one by one to Jiang Fu and Shi Fu after saluting, slip faster than anyone. 

After a while, they were all gone. 

As soon as the boy saw that he was all right, he rushed forward to help the young master. Jiang Fu's face was so ugly that he came to him and snorted, "let him get up by himself." 

As a result, Jiang Liye had no choice but to struggle again and again. He got up slowly. He hated him very much. Together, the first time he went to see what Shiqing was doing. 

As a result, as soon as I raised my eyes, I saw that the young master was looking weak and leaning against Jiang bieyu. He was following his father's delicate complaints"I've been kneeling for a long time. My knee hurts very much. I can't walk any more. It hurts badly when I move." 

When the father's face is cold and hard, but also really afraid when the halal kneel bad leg. 

After all, this little ancestor grew up. When did he let him kneel down and immediately said, "let the servants help you walk, or you can carry it on your back." 

"Just hold it." 

When cleaning straight gas strong stand on tiptoe, arms embrace Jiang BIE Yu's neck. 

Always silent man is really a skilled one to hold him up, steadily fall in the arms. 

This scene, how ambiguous it seems. 

When the father did not notice the wrong, but also a face of heartache, carefully to see the son's knee. 

As soon as Jiang Liye limped out of the door, he saw a worried lady coming out of the sedan chair. 

As soon as she saw Shi Qing, she was carried out and immediately felt heartache on her face. She hurriedly took a group of people to greet her. She said, "my son, how are you doing? Where did it hurt? Oh, I'm sorry to see. Let's see. What are you doing? Don't bring the sedan chair to the front. Don't let my son suffer from the wind. " 

Jiang bieyu hugs Shiqing in silence. Listening to the spirit of the young master in his arms, he complains, "Niang, my knee hurts, but my brother-in-law wrongs me. I kneel down for a long time. Ouch, don't touch me, don't touch me. Just let Jiang bieyu hold me into the sedan chair. I'm in pain." 

When the wife suddenly a face of heartache, the general will of the stars and the moon will be holding his Jiang bieyu into the sedan chair, turned to hate the glare of Jiang Liye. 

She understood. 

This son-in-law is to torture his son to death, so that there is no heir to the Shi family, he came to take advantage of this son-in-law. 

Think about the suffering daughter, she has been for her daughter's forbearance, now Jiang Liye all pedal nose face. 

She's still a fart! 

Mrs. Shi made up her mind to support her daughter and son, and looked at Jiang Liye more and more unkindly. 

"you are also the brother-in-law of Qingge, but you can't walk with him like this. You're doing well yourself. Jiang Liye, this is not over!" 

Big deal, he Li! 

Even if she grinds the master for ten days and a half months this time, she will grind it. He agrees to support her daughter. 

Thinking about it, Mrs. Shi hated to crush the handkerchief 

She turned to hate into her own sedan chair, leaving Jiang Liye standing in the same place with all the pain, afraid of pain. 

He was really injured and limped to walk on his own. He watched as the curtain of Shiqing's sedan chair was lifted. 

A young master who didn't get caught by the board was all nestled in the arms of the tall man, and raised his chin to him with pride 

"bah! What a bully 

Jiang Liye was choked in the chest, almost not to be blocked. 

"Make it clear to me that you Cough, cough, cough 

Be careful, the boys behind him are all flustered. 

"No way!! The young master has been beaten to vomit blood 

Jiang Liye reached out and wiped the corners of his mouth, and as expected, he saw red blood. 

His eyes were black. 

What does it mean to be beaten to vomit blood. 

He was angry!! 

Angry!!!!





 Facing his father and mother, he felt aggrieved, as if he had knelt down and died half his life. As soon as Qing got into the sedan chair, he immediately got up. 

He did not dislike that he was sitting on Jiang bieyu. He consciously adjusted a comfortable posture. He lifted the curtain and went to ask the boy next to the sedan chair to inquire about Jiang Liye. 

The boy soon passed the news of Jiang Liye vomiting blood. 

The young master laughed so much that he almost didn't slip out of the man's arms. 

Fortunately, Jiang bieyu's reaction is quick, and before he falls down, he grabs people back into his arms. 

When Qing smile too happy, did not notice at all, the body is still wriggling, look at that look, as if all want to roll in the arms of their own people. 

Jiang bieyu can only quietly buckle into the arms of the people in his arms, so that Shiqing will not fall down with extreme joy. 

"Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha, he vomited blood. It seems that he is not very inhibitive. I was only a little angry with him. I didn't expect that he was so small. Ha ha ha ha ha." 

The young master swayed his body with pride and wished to roll. After laughing, he did not forget the meritorious Minister Jiang bieyu. 

He sat up straight and turned to see Jiang bieyu. 

See the man's face or that look, motionless as a mountain of stability, when sitting there, smiling out his hand. 

The soft and warm palms were pasted on Jiang BIE Yu's hard face. 

He tried to knead Jiang bieyu's face like a dough. However, he was cold and hard, with deep facial features, and was not a fat man. Finally, he failed. 

I can only touch Jiang bieyu's face and boast in a condescending way: "well done, I didn't ask you to call them to report to the official, but you are very clever, and you know that going to report to the official will make a lot of trouble." 

Jiang bieyu is sitting, and Shiqing is almost the whole person in his arms. Therefore, when he looks at Shiqing, he still wants to droop his eyes. 

The man so droops his eyes, hard to hear the hoarse voice asked, "since you can come up with this method to deal with him today, why didn't you use it before?" 

Why did you just talk. 

They were almost pushed into the water and killed. 

If the early Qing Dynasty used today's black and white, clever means, where can Jiang Liye be so rampant for so long. 

The happy smile on the young master's face was slightly closed, and his expression became lazy again. He freely changed his posture in Jiang bieyu's arms, and his soft and waxy voice was still that harmless appearance; 

"it's my brother-in-law. If he died, my sister would not be widowed?" 

When Jiang BIE Yu buckles, Qing's hand slightly pauses. 

He didn't think of this floor before. 

But it makes sense. 

Shixi married Jiang Liye. If Jiang Liye really died, a big family like Jiang's would not allow her to remarry or return to her mother's home. 

Even if she is the legitimate daughter of the family, she can only live for a lifetime. 

"In that case, why did you do it again today?" 

After listening to Jiang bieyu's words, Shiqing squints slightly, looks up in the man's arms, looks at him who is looking at himself, reaches out his hand, and points Jiang bieyu's nose. 

"Are you stupid? Jiang Liye first raised a woman outside, then compared her with my sister with a prostitute, and then nearly killed me. Now he has torn his face. If he continues to be my brother-in-law, he will only be more aggressive and humiliate my sister. " 

"Although my father and mother love my sister, but the woman married, even if she had a bad life, they would not want to ask her sister and leave. Only if Jiang Liye hurt me several times, my parents would not bear it any more." 

It's cruel, but it's true today. 

If the time family let them leave because the Jiang family was slow to wait for Shixi, it would only make people think that the Shi family was making a fuss, but it was just a married out daughter, and they would not hesitate to offend the Jiang family. 

It will be different if you change it to Shiqing. 

This is the only seedling! 

After that, the heirs of the Shijia family, let alone Jiang Liye, had been framed several times. 

Even if there is only one suspect, it is enough for other families in Hecheng to take it for granted. 

And I think Jiang's brain is broken. 

They are all married and ready-made allies are here. If you don't get along with each other well, you will connive at the only Miao Miao who bullies others. Isn't that waiting for a pat and two pieces! 

In any case, it is absolutely the most appropriate situation for Shiqing to do the guiding, fire and rope work, and to ignite Shixi and jiangliye. 

Speaking of this, the young master's eyebrows were a bit depressed 

"besides, it's not a matter of seeing people when a married girl is supported by her mother's family. If my father really supports her sister, I'm afraid he will be talked about in Hecheng, and it's hard to find my other sisters' marriage." 

"It's very chaotic now. It's easy for people with military power to speak. Even if we were a figure in Hecheng, if we didn't have soldiers, we couldn't stop people. We were still merchants. They looked down on us from the bottom of their hearts."The more he said, the more angry he became. He didn't know whether it was Qi, or whether Qi Jiang's career depended on this point. 

The angry young master hit Jiang BIE Yu with a fist. 

Jiang bieyu got a fist, but he couldn't feel the pain at all. He only said, "although the family had a lot of money, I'm afraid it's hard to get involved in the military affairs. Now that he's out of breath, I don't want to say that again." 

On his face, he looked the same as before. In fact, he was always distracted when he was talking to the young master. 

After all, this topic is still sensitive. 

After making sure that the sedan chair is not loud and can't be heard outside, Jiang bieyu continued: "don't say these words again in the future. If you spread them out, you will be in danger." 

This is the truth. 

The one with Hecheng has always been a careful eye, and his own soldiers can't let a point. 

When the family took a lot of money, food and grass, to hold a thigh is no problem, but want to intervene in military affairs? 

Wash and sleep. What's the beauty. 

This kind of words, to speak well, is to persuade with good intentions, but to speak badly is to speculate maliciously. 

According to Jiang bieyu's character, he would never say such words to others. 

But today, maybe it was Shi Qing who taught Jiang Liye such a proud and active lesson. Maybe it was the young master who had won a great victory in the sedan chair, but he was so dependent on him that he was so lazy that he could not help but soften his eyes. 

Those words, so naturally out of the mouth. 

With that, Jiang bieyu was stunned. 

When he went to see Shi Qing, he saw a little unhappy in his eyes. 

The young master obviously knew that it would be impossible to control the military power in Hecheng, but Jiang bieyu's tone of coaxing children made him a little uncomfortable, and his face suddenly showed his dissatisfaction. 

He didn't nest or try to roll. He sat up straight and faced Jiang bieyu. His voice was crisp and crisp. A series of words were spoken like this. 

"do you really think I can't do this? Nowadays, there is chaos everywhere, but it is not impossible to get ahead. There are a group of common people in the South holding the banner. Although there are many people, ordinary people only read books. They have a half understanding of the world situation, the situation, the art of war, food and forage. They all know a little about the situation. Now they can hold on, but only because of the large number of people. " 

"It's a big piece of fat for either side. As long as you eat this piece of meat, no one dares to look down on it. As long as you eat this piece of meat, the king of Yubei is next door. The king of Yubei is old and seriously ill, and his sons are fighting with each other. If we further separate at this time, the army will come to the city and get another piece of fat. ”

Jiang bieyu's slender big hand clasping the young master's waist gave a sudden shock. 

A pair of light colored eyes in looking at him, also slowly dark down. 

These are what Jiang bieyu once thought about. 

He kept these thoughts in his heart all the time and never said a word to anyone. 

But I didn't expect to hear this in Qingkou when I was supposed to pamper everything in the city. 

Men speak, hoarse, ugly voice, but strange very reassuring, "you said these, but it is just on paper, want to make, financial, human, and all kinds of strategies, these you can do?" 

"Especially the financial resources, your father has been careful to have today, if you let him know that you intend to rebel, will he support it?" 

Jiang bieyu finished this sentence and saw that the young master was like a puffer fish that had let out his breath, and the whole man was unable to get down. 

He slouched to a tall man's arms, powerless "Dad has always been timid, certainly won't help me, maybe will drag on later." 

"And I'm the only son of the Shi family. I can't go to the battlefield in my life. I can't even leave the sight of Hecheng and my parents." 

Therefore, all this can only be as Jiang bieyu said, on paper. 

The young master was very unwilling. He leaned on the man's chest and got angry again. He took Jiang bieyu with his teeth clenched in his teeth. 

I hit him with fists. 

"If I have military power, if I have it! Certainly, we must take our soldiers to tie Jiang Liye in all kinds of ways, and ask him to kowtow to my sister and admit his mistake! " 

He had no strength in his hands. He had been pampered and raised since childhood. He was soft with his fists. He hit people like a cloud bumping into Jiang bieyu. 

It's not a collision. 

It's like hitting the tip of my heart. 

Jiang bieyu never thought about it. The original appearance was so open and wanton. Relying on all kinds of arrogant background at home, Shi Qing saw it so clearly. 

He had never seen Shi Qing before, only heard about him. 

It is said that he was the only male in his family, so he was raised in the palm of his hand since he was a child. He ate and dressed well. Wherever he went, he paid attention to his appearance.Once upon a time, Jiang bieyu only thought he was a straw bag. 

When he arrived at his home, he felt that Shiqing was a good-looking straw bag. 

Now I know. 

He is a good-looking young master who is not careless. 

Jiang bieyu thought that maybe Shi Qing didn't know the current situation, nor was he really ignorant. 

He is very clever, although spoiled a little naive, this can be seen from his ability to tell him all these words without reservation. 

The young master of the Shi family and the Qing brother of the Shi family did not really know the situation of the Shi family, the world's major events, and the false prosperity of Hecheng. 

He's just, he's seeing it better. 

Jiang bieyu can even guess what Qing thinks then. 

In this position, as the only child of his family, the only one who can't go anywhere in his life. 

Even if the bottom of my heart think how clear, all aspects of the comprehensive consideration, when the young master of this identity is enough, he was limited. 

Therefore, even if you know it clearly, you can't do anything and change it. 

It's better to still be the little young master who is used to being spoiled, superior and never worried about everything. 

Jiang bieyu knew the importance of military power. 

He also knows that although it is a chaotic time, it seems that everywhere is in a mess. The most important thing for the civilians is to survive. 

But in fact, chaos is the best opportunity. 

In the peaceful and prosperous times, those who can't climb up because of their low status can speak most smoothly when they have military power and have military power. 

Jiang bieyu's intention is to leave the Jiang family, slowly hold some military power in his hand, and then a little bit dormant. 

But his aunt passed away, he was taken by Jiang Liye and pushed out to carry the black pot, but Jiang bieyu was caught off guard. 

When he arrived at his home, Jiang bieyu's ideas did not change. 

Still be careful to hibernate, and then try to get rid of it. 

Jiang bieyu had long thought about how to act and how to master power after separation. 

But now, he actually heard the words almost the same as his own. 

Jiang bieyu's hand still falls on the boy's waist. 

It's still holding people in my arms. 

Before that, he did it just to avoid falling off in a fit of ecstasy. 

Now, the hand is not consciously fastened. 

He once thought that Shiqing was a beautiful, good-looking and singing bird. 

I once thought that if I really had a good day, I would take this bird into my cage and ask him to show his beautiful and delicate feathers and his melodious singing voice. 

Now, the canary is still like that. 

Soft, delicate, as if born should be spoiled holding. 

But he was not like Jiang bieyu thought, except singing and combing his hair. 

This bird, in fact, has been flying outside the cage for a long time. 

But he was willing to drill back into the cage, combing the beautiful feathers, singing melodious songs, disguised himself as the poor and lovely appearance of starving to death without the master. 

This feeling, inexplicably makes people itch. 

The young master was still in the appearance of waving his teeth and claws. Perhaps it was because he felt that the words he said would frighten the people in front of him, and his beautiful white face also showed a bit of pride. 

He lifted his chin slightly with pride, closed his soft fists, and leaned slightly against the man's arms as if he were kind to him. 

"how do I scare you? You are a tall man with such a small courage. Don't say you are my child molestate when you go out. " 

When Qing is still like that, arrogant people hate it. 

Jiang bieyu's heart, with his arrogant and arrogant look, gradually rose to conquer the desire. 

He wants this canary. 

Never wanted it like that before. 

Want to imprison him, circle him. 

Give him the most precious jewels, interspersed among his beautiful feathers. 

So beautiful and see through, think of the clear golden sparrow, if can reach his hand, can hold a full. 

How good that would be. 

Ding! The rejection degree of jiangbieyu was 95 out of 100 

Ding! The rejection degree of jiangbieyu was 93 out of 100 

Ding! The rejection degree of jiangbieyu is 90 out of 100 

the system is shocked, eh? Gee, Gee?! 

It's confused and helpless. What did you do? 

Is it provocative again?? 

When Qing comfortable nest in the man's arms, innocent, who knows what happened to him, may be suddenly found that we have soul traction between us. 

System? 

Time clear peace of mind, conventional means, you are not addicted to the game? Let's play games, honey.Come out of the system still don't know what to go back. 

Shiqing didn't fool the system. 

Anyway, as long as Jiang bieyu hears these words. 

Even if someone really hears that he is smart, but he can't change the status quo, so he can only continue to maintain the status quo. This logic is totally sound. 

Shi Qing once again drilled into Jiang bieyu's arms. As for this guy, it seemed that he was thinking. His right hand was unconsciously touching his waist, so he didn't see it. 

Is enjoying the warm and full of security in the arms, is holding his man cold asked a "why I stay around?" 

The young master replied very quickly, and looked up at him inexplicably. He said, "naturally, it's because you are beautiful." 

Finish saying, when Qing's hand and particularly skilled along the lapel slide in, patted the man holding his firm chest. 

"How can I ask you about this? Are you still thinking about the Jiang family? Don't think about them any more. Now you are my Qingqing person. Just eat and drink well every day, make yourself stronger, put on my clothes and look good in front of me 

Jiang bieyu was silent for a few seconds, and suddenly said, "you clearly knew that it was Jiang Liye who pushed you. Why did the 100 whip hit me again?" 

"At that time, I was just fished out of the water, and I was dizzy. I didn't have time to see your appearance." 

Said, when the young master's white face showed a completely frivolous smile, stretched out a white fingertip, point in front of the man's chin. 

One lift, no lift. 

Time Qing "..." 

"You lift your chin up," he said reluctantly 

Jiang BIE Yu Shun lifted his chin along his strength. 

A pair of light colored eyes, slightly with a bit of dark meaning, a fixed eye looking at the clear. 

The young master didn't care how deep and obscure his eyes looked at him. 

He only complacently said, "before, when you were at the other side of Jiang bieyu, you always kept your head down. How could I have thought of going to see what a little boy around him looked like. However, if I had known that you were so handsome, I would have come to you long ago." 

With that, he touched a man's cold cheek. 

"It's a pity that the whip didn't hit your face at that time." 

Looking up at Jiang bieyu's beautiful eyes, she is full of pure joy. 

However, he did not hide it at all. He knew that it was not Jiang bieyu's fault, and he pushed the boat along the river to throw Jiang bieyu's 100 whip. 

Not to mention Shiqing, even Jiang bieyu himself did not have a grudge against the hundred whips. 

He just wants to know one thing now. 

"If I had lost this face, would you still treat me like this?" 

Shi Qing blinked and his face was strange, as if he felt that Jiang bieyu's question was puzzling. 

He replied, "of course not." 

"If you don't have this good look, why should I look at you again?" 

Actually, I didn't hide the fact that what I like is this face. 

Jiang bieyu didn't speak any more. 

In fact, he was not surprised that Shi Qing would give this answer. 

After all, Shi Qing has been expressing his love for his face from the beginning. 

This face, which looks like a monster to outsiders, can frighten the female mother and children to scream, but it is precisely Shi Qing's favorite. 

It was like his Persian cat called cat. He was obviously ferocious. If he had changed to someone else's house, he would have been loathed. 

Can arrive when Qing hand, but be regarded as a pet by him. 

Raised in the house, delicious and good to drink, not stingy to its close. 

Jiang bieyu couldn't tell whether he was talking about the cat or himself. 

He looked at the boy in silence, and suddenly an idea came out of his mind. 

Perhaps, it is because we can't go to the battlefield, we can't do that dangerous thing. 

When he was raised in Hecheng, he was very delicate in food, clothing and transportation. Only when he was raised in Hecheng, did he like those ferocious people and cats more. 

That's the only reason. 

It sounds ridiculous, but it's a real reason. 

Without this face, won't you get the half attention of Shi Qing? 

The man slightly droops the eye, embraces the bosom young master's slender big hand, slowly locks tightly. 

In this way, he will surely fight for 

"Oh, No 

Jiang bieyu, who is immersed in his thoughts, is interrupted by a slap from Shiqing soft. 

"It's not impossible to have such a good look." 

When he heard this, he was flattered. He looked down and saw the young master with a soft smile, stretched out his hand, and climbed into his lapel."No face, this pair of good body is still on the line."





 When Qing didn't hide his love for Jiang bieyu's body and face. 

Jiang bieyu has never moved his body, allowing him to move, only a pair of light colored eyes, always settled in front of the young master's white and beautiful face. 

Even in troubled times, he is still crystal clear, and his whole body seems to be flawless. Every place is soft as if he should be held in the palm of one's hand or in his mouth. 

He thought, you mo Shiqing is a sugar man. 

The whole body is beautiful and tight. As long as you touch it, your heart can stick to it. If you taste it, you can feel it in your heart. 

Such a sugar man, let alone touch, is a look, people can't help holding it in the palm of the hand, carefully touching, tasting. 

What's more, Jiang bieyu is still being touched by him. 

His hands, soft and tender, were more delicate than the ladies in the room. 

The sedan chair is bound to be bumpy when it moves. 

Shi Qing is in such a bumpy, Lai in Jiang BIE Yu's arms, with pure love in his eyes, like touching something precious, feeling the body temperature of the man who holds himself up. 

No one can resist this kind of wholehearted love. 

Even Jiang bieyu is the same. 

Ding! The rejection degree of jiangbieyu is 78 out of 100 

Ding! Jiangbieyu rejection degree 75 out of 100 

Ding! Jiang bieyu's rejection degree was 69 out of 100 

with the sound of Ding Ding Ding, Jiang bieyu, who had never moved, suddenly moved slightly, his eyes darkened, and his slender hands fell down. 

For the first time, when they were in such close contact, they took the young master's hand. 

The soft hand didn't resist at all, so he let him grasp it. 

Jiang BIE Yu Yuan originally wanted to catch Shi Qing's other hand, but after thinking about it, he still didn't catch it. 

The atmosphere between the two people is almost ambiguous to the extreme. 

With the rickety sedan chair, this movement, the look at each other's eyes and faces, seems to be doing something quite disharmonious. 

The system didn't come out this time. 

No, it came out, but after looking at the ambiguous atmosphere between the two people, I always felt that the mosaic was about to come out in a while, so I went back to it again. 

In fact, mosaics are not available for the time being. 

When Qing heard the system prompt sound, the face was still that pair of sweet little young master appearance, but in the heart there was a little accident. 

I didn't expect him to fall again. 

When the system heard what he said, he dared to come out of his head and asked what happened to the host? Isn't it a good thing to reduce rejection? 

Why doesn't the host sound so happy? 

When Qing stretched out his hand, white fingertips across the man's lapel, and fell into the Xiu's palm, as if playing with Jiang BIE Yu's palm cocoon. 

While playing, while lying lazily on the man's chest, now the rejection degree drops fast is not a good thing. 

System? 

Isn't it a good thing to go down? Why doesn't it understand? 

Fortunately, Shiqing doesn't dislike it. Frankly speaking, man's nature is not right. It should be said that it is a man's nature with strong aggressive consciousness. He will never make aggressive actions when he is still weak or subordinate to others. Do you understand? 

Systems that don't really understand 

Shi Qing is that if he really has a tendency to like me, he will only be more careful now, instead of grabbing my hand so directly. 

Jiang bieyu is just a servant now. I am his master. I am the two of us. The initiative lies in me. He has no feelings for me. Otherwise, even if he likes me a little, he will not need to rely on others to do anything to me. 

In other words, Jiang bieyu and Shi Qing said to him now. 

This guy only likes his appearance and body, plus a little bit of pampered temperament at most. 

There is no real love and so on. 

The system understood this time. 

It's a little bit muddled. Then, isn't it that he won't go down again? 

It's about time. 

Systems that have always felt that the world is not difficult are even more muddled. 

But isn't it always going well? 

Jiang bieyu is reducing the degree of rejection. 

It's falling evenly. 

Shi Qing was as calm and assured as ever. There was no big problem. 

System 

It's not the host. Do you think there's something wrong with it?? 

Shiqing just didn't go to the right way. I'll guide him to walk again. 

How to guide the system curiosity? 

Shi Qing lies on the man's chest and gently picks his eyebrows to block up the wrong road, or put nails on it to let him walk barefoot. When it hurts and finds that he can't walk, of course, he knows that this road can't go.System 

It seems that the host is becoming more and more harmful. 

The sedan chair has been shaking. 

The two men in the sedan chair did not speak. 

Although Jiang bieyu is silent, his hands are restless. 

He first kneaded the young master's soft palms a few times, and then followed the arm to encircle the young master's waist. 

Man's action is very open and aboveboard, even a blind man can see the name of the servant, he to the master of the Qing Dynasty to do the following offensive action. 

However, when the young master just looked up lazily, as if very casual general looked at Jiang bieyu, also did not export to stop, also did not let the body leave his palm. 

It was almost indulgent to allow such a humble servant to do whatever he wanted. 

Jiang bieyu's palm seems to be with fire, a little bit, gently soft, tentative, in the young master's body. 

Shi Qing never stopped him. 

Even to Jiang bieyu's arms more rely on. 

Jiang bieyu's action was slow but not vulgar, and he didn't do anything out of the ordinary. 

He just enjoyed the beautiful feathers of the former Golden Finch, stroked the gorgeous colors on the feathers, and then thought about how to be careful and careful to raise such a beautiful bird. 

The young master has been conniving at him. 

When the sedan chair stopped and was released, the boy outside stood respectfully and said, "brother Qing, here we are." 

When Qing this just soft one slap to hit on the river to leave Yu's hand, the beautiful face is full of laziness, in the eye also has a little smile. 

The voice is still as soft as usual, such a tone, no matter what you say is like a coquettish general 

"touch enough, don't hurry to hold me down." 

This tone is not like a young master facing the following servants. 

It's like a lover who is opposite each other day and night. 

Jiang bieyu's hand slightly pauses, the laryngeal knot is rolling up and down, hoarse voice should say "yes." 

The young master, who had always been lazy and leaned against his arms, moved slightly. His white fingertips did not use any force, and patted the man's cold cheek. 

With a little command, he said, "your voice is terrible. Don't speak a little later." 

Jiang bieyu nodded, but he didn't speak this time. 

He only held the young master in his arms and lifted the curtain to get out of the sedan chair. 

Outside, his wife also got out of the sedan chair. As soon as she got down, she hurried to her son. As a result, when she came near, she saw Shiqing and immediately lowered her voice. 

"Brother Qing is asleep?" 

She tried to speak in a low voice and quietly asked Jiang bieyu, who was holding Shiqing, "when did you sleep? Did you not disturb him when you held him just now 

Jiang bieyu was a little stunned when he heard her saying this. He lowered his head and found that the young master, who had just opened his eyes, was nestled in his arms with his eyes closed. His long eyelashes drooped and cast a shadow under his eyelids. 

I didn't know whether I was sleeping quietly or pretending to sleep. 

He also followed the low volume, dumb voice back "just sleep." 

"Oh, sorry to see, my brother Qing must have suffered in that yamen, otherwise, how could I sleep so fast in such a short time." 

When the wife is a burst of heartache, Jiang bieyu look at her appearance, if not her own holding can not move, certainly is would like to hold Shi Qing this baby heart child oneself to protect carefully. 

"When it's over, I'd rather take care of it. I'd rather take care of it. I'd rather take care of it. I'd rather take care of it." 

It was faster and slower. Maybe she didn't find the contradiction in her words. 

Jiang bieyu was silent and did not speak. He only watched when his wife had finished his command and quietly took a small step, trying not to make any other voice to command other servants. 

"Keep quiet for me. Don't disturb qingge'er. Cuihong, go ahead and ask those sweeping, kitchen and conditioning to keep quiet. Don't disturb qingge'er." 

"Ah." 

That wench also followed the quiet should, on tiptoe does not make a sound of the first to run into the house. 

Therefore, the way back to the yard by Jiang bieyu was quiet. 

I met a lot of servants on the road, but everyone was the same as pressing the mute button on their bodies. Working and doing things, they just didn't make any noise and made noise to their young master. 

So all the way to the courtyard of Shiqing, from a distance, you can see a few girls holding handkerchiefs standing at the entrance of the yard, with anxious looking forward to it. 

When she saw Jiang bieyu holding her, Qing came over, and their faces immediately showed joy. They quickly stepped forward and quietly covered the young master with the soft blanket they had just been holding. They almost wrapped up his whole body except for the beautiful face which had been sleeping and showed some cleverness.Xu was afraid that they would make a noise even in a low voice. They never spoke again. They just followed Jiang bieyu and watched him enter the house with his young master in his arms. 

Along the way, some people opened the curtain for them, some handed over the stove, and some carefully looked at Shiqing when he was asleep. 

But no matter what they did, no one made a sound from the beginning to the end. 

When Jiang bieyu gently put Shiqing on the couch, a woman quickly opened the mattress to cover him. Then she put the warm foot stuff in and adjusted the pillow for him. 

Young master, you can sleep well now. 

Jiang bieyu did not have that soft body in his hands, but felt a little empty. 

But now, as a servant of the Shi family, since he has already sent the young master to the bed, the next step is to continue to serve the servant's duty, retreat to the curtain and wait for him. 

Looking at the time when an was sleeping on the couch, the man slowly put down his hand, his face still looked the same, to the outside. 

Waiting for him to leave, Shiqing did not open his eyes, but when the cat heard him coming back and jumped on his bed, he opened the quilt so that it could get into the quilt and be close to itself. 

It's cold outside. Although the cat will not go out as a pet and it's hotter to stay in the house than outside, it's not as warm as a quilt. 

Into the bedding, next to the body of the Qing lie down. 

When Qing embraces it, also really came a little sleepy idea, the embrace cat in a daze fell asleep. 

Standing on the outside like a true loyal servant, Jiang bieyu always looks to the direction of the bed. 

He saw it with his own eyes. The cat went in and never came out. 

So it's left in. 

The man slightly droops the eyes, looked to own hands. 

Not long ago, when the hands were still pinched, Qing's body was soft and tender, holding a full. 

He slowly raised his eyes, cold and fierce face, as if gradually showed some soft and gentle. 

If you don't get sugar man. 

But now that I've got it, I've tasted the sweet and greasy taste. 

How can I put it down. 

When the women in the room feel that Qing elder brother is really more and more strange recently. 

NBS put a gentle woman like water and a good little boy, but he used the ferocity of Jiang bieyu. It didn't look like a good big man. 

From childhood to adulthood, when he was not properly taken care of. The women who served him in the house didn't even do some rough work on weekdays. They were afraid that their delicate young master would be uncomfortable because of their rough hands. 

Can clear elder brother son unexpectedly want to let River don't Yu to wait on him to wash gargle. 

Every day, the women watched the tall, fierce looking man clean his face, change his clothes, and wash his feet at night. 

It's not that they are afraid that Jiang bieyu will suddenly start to do something. After all, although they are still afraid of this seemingly fierce man, they also know that he will not hurt Shi Qing. 

I'm just afraid that this guy's rough hands and thick feet. He's not well served. The young master will hurt him. 

Jiang bieyu's 10th day at home. 

At that time, his father was quarrelling with Jiang's family, arguing to let his daughter establish a career with Jiang and leave. 

Jiang Liye and Shi Qing went to Bingxi together. It was clearly that he proposed Bingxi. As a result, everything happened to this brother-in-law, which was also spread out with the two families' trouble and separation. 

As expected, as he said before the Qing Dynasty, no one felt that his father was wrong in mentioning and departing. 

Who is Shiqing? 

That was the only seedling of the time family. 

Jiang Liye offended him and made everyone know that now his father just wanted him to leave, not to let him die suddenly, which can be regarded as very kind. 

The only son of the family, who has been adored by others, has always been a character walking horizontally in Hecheng. If he is trapped, he will not be asked back. Who will pay attention to his family in the future. 

There was a lot of wind and rain outside, but the fuse of Shiqing was like living safely in the house. 

Every day I stay with Jiang BIE Yu. 

Since the last time in the sedan chair there was a little intimate action, although the young master has never made it clear, but facing Jiang bieyu, he is a little more indulgent to others. 

They eat, drink and play together. The first person they see when they open their eyes in the morning is Jiang bieyu, and the person who coax him to sleep before going to bed at night is also Jiang bieyu. 

Hiding in the study, the beautiful name is to study, in fact, it is still nestled in the arms of a tall man, two people together to see his secretly hidden play book. 

These days, when Qing Dynasty is an emperor, it is estimated that it can be called a faint monarch. 

A pair of Jiang bieyu, even if it is not out of the waves, only with him every day, also feel that everything is good. 

When he really starts to slouch down and pester a person, he must be shaken unless he is hard hearted. 

At least Jiang bieyu's rejection rate has dropped from 69 all the way to 63.Then it stopped on top of 63 and there was no more movement. 

As the host said, the system did not move when it dropped to a certain level, and gradually began to be anxious. 

On this day, Shiqing and pretended to look at the book. 

When my father quarreled with the Jiang family these days, he was very angry, and because he went to the Jiang family almost every day, he had to watch the 1234567 young masters of the Jiang family wandering in front of him every day. 

What he hated most in his life was a family with many sons. 

What's wrong with more sons. 

What a wonderful son! 

Can you bully people with more sons?! 

Although he has only one son, it is not expensive to have a son. 

He is so smart, his wife is not stupid, unreasonable when Qing is a mud can not help up the wall. 

In short, even if he is really mud, in order to support such a large family business, he also has to pinch into a clay figure to come out. 

As a result, Shi Qing was ordered to read in his study and could not go anywhere. 

However, there are policies and Countermeasures under the upper authorities. He can't go anywhere, but his father didn't say that he would not let others come in to see him. 

Jiang bieyu can come in. 

The door opened, and the tall man came in. He didn't speak, but went straight ahead. 

Jiang bieyu has tried not to speak since Shi Qing last rejected his voice. 

Even if you open your mouth, it is to others, not to the young master of Shijia. 

Shi Qing also acquiesced to his practice. As soon as he came in, he lazily hooked his fingers and asked him to come near. 

Jiang bieyu walked up to him, and the young master skillfully leaned in his arms. He complained in a soft voice, "there is no fireplace in my study. I can only make a fire pot. I have been here for nearly half an hour. It's very painful. How can you come here?" 

The man did not speak, only stretched out his long palm, holding the child in general, and picked up the whole juvenile, almost as if he had used his body temperature to warm and clear. 

Young master is quiet now. 

He reached out and grabbed Jiang bieyu's hand, played with the slender fingers, and murmured in a whisper 

"I heard that Jiang's family refused to let people go, and dad is not good at tearing his face now, is it true?" 

"Well." 

Jiang bieyu Chenchen answered this word. 

As soon as he finished answering, he felt his soft hand clenched tightly. 

He bowed his head. As expected, he saw the young master of the time's family. He opened his mouth and scolded, "who gave him the face of Jiang family? If my sister was really valuable, why didn't you treat her well at the beginning? Now when we want to take my sister home, we still have the face to stop her. I'm so shameless." 

He was lazy, holding the hands of a man, but he felt like he wanted to hit the Jiang family members! It's not easy for him to argue with the younger generation. Jiang Liye and I are the same generation, and we drag my sister with shame. So I come to the door and scold him bloody, so that he can know the power of my family. " 

Jiang bieyu looked at him with fierce eyes. 

In the bottom of my heart, he still don't want to come to scold. 

This voice is soft, waxy and elongated. Although he knows that he has deliberately done ferociously, he is still pitiful. It is like being coquettish. It is so sweet and greasy that people want to hold it in my arms. 

Needless to say, the young master doesn't want to scold himself. 

"No, I don't scold." 

He angrily leaned on the man's arms and snorted, "if I scold at the door, I'm not a loser. I'll let people see the joke in vain." 

At least Jiang Liye is his brother-in-law. 

Shi Qing suddenly sat up straight in Jiang bieyu's arms, turned around and patted the man's cold cheek with a serious face 

"People can't live without food. I want to monopolize all the rice grain that comes and goes to Hecheng. If his family doesn't sign and leave books every day, he won't want to buy even a grain from the outside." 

Jiang bieyu is silent. 

He thought it was a good idea. 

But the problem is that it is difficult to implement. 

Control all the rice and grain in Hecheng, even those in the city. Don't say it's Shiqing. Even if it's Shifu, you have to weigh it. 

Shiqing, a young master who always keeps in the yard, is still too difficult to make, even if he is smart. 

Although he thought clearly in his heart, Jiang bieyu still didn't say it when he looked at the young master with a face full of ambition, as if victory was in front of him. 

I just think, when Shiqing fails and is sad, how can he coax this young master who has never suffered defeat. 

Shiqing's plan was much smoother than Jiang bieyu imagined. 

After all, he doesn't need those twists and turns. 

When the young master wants to kill who, still use all kinds of plans! 

Just go straight up!Before that, of course, we need some financial support. 

When Qing got up, he went to find his father. 

It happened that his father was not in. 

I'm fighting at Jiang's house. 

He was very angry. 

Jiang Fu chatted with each other, but did not talk and leave. 

As soon as he said he left, Jiang Fu sighed and pretended to be helpless. 

"brother Shi, I know that you love Xi's sister. It's just that this is a matter between children. We elders, don't get involved. There's no revenge between husband and wife." 

That understatement, as if his brother-in-law was humiliated by Jiang Liye, and his brother-in-law was framed by Jiang Liye. 

When angry, my father would like to throw this cup of tea to Jiang Fu's face. 

But he can't turn his back. 

Now he city is all in the hands of the king, and the Jiang family is also contributing to the Lord, just as Jiang Fu said. 

It doesn't matter how young children make trouble. If their elders also follow the opposition, the one who starts the fight first will lose his reputation, and the fight for rights may take the lead. 

When the father drank a stomach gas. 

In the end, he failed to argue. He could only endure his anger and returned home with a black face. 

As a result, as soon as I went back, I met my son waiting for him in his study. 

As soon as Shi Qing saw him, he was very happy. He came up and showcased his hands. 

"Dad, give me some money." 

When the father was his heartless appearance, gas almost did not faint in the past. 

Oh, hey, what kind of evil did you make. 

At the beginning, when the child was born, it would not have been replaced by someone else. It was also a pit father. 

Success from the father that want money when Qing started his own revenge action. 

The Jiang family was originally a military family. It was not like those big families who were always well prepared. It was not like the merchants like Shijia who started their business. They had many shops and fields. 

Their main source of income is Chuang Tzu, as well as the bank opened when the family did not come. 

Recently, it has become more and more depressed. Otherwise, we would not die and refuse to let Shixi leave. 

Shixi is the legitimate daughter of the time family. If she doesn't leave, she will leave her children. Can the people of her mother's family not help? 

In short, the Jiang family has no granary. 

Then only in Hecheng grain shop to buy. 

When the Qing Dynasty directly bought these shops, start-up funds from his father. 

All the merchants who came and went to Hecheng wanted to replenish the goods. Most of the shops in Hecheng were either owned by the Shi family or participated in the dividends. Shi Qing came forward as the young master of the Shi family and clearly told the world who sold a grain of rice to the Jiang family. It was all my enemies of Shiqing. 

Will I sell something to my enemy?! 

I won't!! 

So, you know. 

Businessmen "..." 

Is that wayward? 

There's no way. They can only die in the Jiang family. 

Why can they recognize the people of Jiang family? 

Because when the young master of the family sent people to garrison at the gate of Jiangfu, he immediately followed two or three. 

They don't do anything. They just follow them. From leaving to returning, they follow in turn 24 hours a day. 

Get rid of people? There are five people staring at one person. I'm afraid that the one who can throw away is either the immortal or the God. 

Report to the official? People just take a road. Who stipulates this road? When Jiang family can go, they can't? 

The rest of the rice grain before Jiang's family ran out quickly. 

If we go on like this, we will keep the gold mountain and silver mountain, but we can't buy a grain of grain. 

Now the whole family, the master can still have some to eat, but the servants are hungry, it is really unbearable. 

Hecheng River family, even can not eat enough. 

If you say it, you can laugh off your big teeth. 

Jiang Fu was ordered by his father to come to his home. 

He suddenly lost his previous confidence and looked ugly. He talked about Shi Qing's actions against the Jiang family. 

When the father was smiling, his tone was deliberately understatement, and he gave back all the previous words. 

"we elders should not get involved in the affairs between children. How can there be any hatred between brother-in-law and brother-in-law?" 

Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!! 

Sure enough, his brother-in-law is smart. 

It's real!





 The Jiangjia family in Hecheng, a big local family, was forced to buy a grain of grain by Shi Qing, a teenager who was still a dandy before the incident came out. 

Now the whole family, all want to live a life of starvation, speak out, can make people laugh can not find teeth. 

But it happened. 

And because the Qing Dynasty did not hide it from the beginning to the end, it was so generous and square against the Jiang family. 

Every day, the young master sat in his sedan chair, which was embroidered with gold thread on the curtain, and called people to carry the sedan chair to the major grain stores every day. 

Every time I get to a place, I have to make a lot of noise. 

Anyone who sees Jiang's family come to buy grain can't sell it. If anyone sells, it's that they can't afford to live with him. If they can't get along with him, they can't get along with the whole family. 

As for the Jiang family, they are easy to identify. 

In any case, everyone who goes in and out of the river's house has at least one person to follow. They are all tied with red ribbons on their shoulders. 

When the little childe of the family made such a noise, it was to make the whole Hecheng lively. 

Not only the families, but also the common people are discussing the outcome of this matter. 

It was when the young master of Shiqing, who did not know the height of heaven and earth, acted boldly and had fantastic ideas and even made such moves, was suppressed. 

Or the old family of Jiang family can't bear to give and leave the book first. 

In a word, it was very lively. 

And as a spectator, his father discovered for the first time that thick skinned has its advantages. 

What he had received in Jiang's family was now returned to his father. 

Now he is drinking tea slowly and leisurely. He is not anxious and impatient. "Brother Jiang, don't be angry. A child is bound to have some momentum. He is a younger generation. Why should brother Jiang care about him?" 

Jiang Fu almost didn't lift the table. 

He managed to maintain his anger, but he didn't laugh. "Your family's brother-in-law hasn't grown up yet. I don't know how to have such a great ability to stir up our Jiang family. If you want to say that he is the only one behind this, and you don't participate in it, Jiang doesn't believe it." 

"Well, that's right." 

When the father smilingly put down the teacup, full of complacency, "even when someone heard about this, they were a little unconvinced, but it is also, although my elder brother Qingge doesn't like to study, but at least it is also someone's son. He has been influenced by his childhood, and he is gifted. It seems that it is not so strange that he can do such a big thing." 

With that, he touched his long beard with a smile, and sighed, as if to exclaim: "after all, my son follows his father." 

"It's reasonable for brother Qing to follow my intelligence and wisdom." 

Jiang Fu "..." 

He had never seen such a brazen man. 

When the father saw that he was so angry that he still didn't go away. After thinking about it, he turned his head and said, "go, call brother Qing to come to me." 

Watching the man go down, he turned his head and laughed at Jiang Fu. 

"This is what brother Qing did himself. If he offended brother Jiang, I'd better ask him to come and make amends to brother Jiang. It's just a matter of exposing." 

Jiang's father listened, and the expression on his face was better. 

See his expression turn round when the father is in the bottom of the heart issued a disdain ha ha. 

He was too lazy to entertain the man. 

Let qingge'er be angry with him. 

After all, he is the father of qingge'er. He knows how irritating this boy is. 

The time will soon arrive. 

Still with his Jiang bieyu. 

Just to the door, he stopped and waved, "you're here waiting for me." 

Jiang bieyu was silent and stood at the door, watching the young master swagger into the door. 

"Shi Qing met my uncle." 

Very polite. 

The man stood in the same place, looking at the young master who looked very polite and knew the rules very well, with a smile in his eyes. 

I'm afraid he can only behave for such a short time. 

As expected, Jiang bieyu didn't expect it. In the house, his father raised his hand to his son. "Brother Qing, your uncle Jiang is here to get in touch with the grain merchant these days. Tell me about you, ah, how to do such a thing without telling my father. I only know when your uncle Jiang comes to visit." 

When Qing took a look at his father, it was really a face of condemnation. 

If it was not for persuading the grain merchant to buy the shop and give gifts everywhere, he would have believed it. 

"I'm sorry, father. I'm just thinking, this little thing, I don't have to let you have a look at it." 

Jiang's father's face turned black. 

Little thing?!! 

Shi Qing turned their Jiang family into such a mess. Now the family are still hungry. They can't eat any food. This is a small matter?!"How can it be a small matter? Don't you see that your uncle Jiang is not happy?" 

When the father is also a serious face, "do not give you uncle Jiang apology!" 

"Yes." 

The young master who stirred the wind and rain outside was obedient in front of his family. After obedience, he saluted Jiang Fu. In his soft voice, he was full of guilt 

"Shi Qing apologized to Uncle Jiang." 

Although at that time my father suffered a little humiliation, but fortunately the result was good. Jiang's father frowned and raised his hand. "Since brother Qing apologized, we Jiang's family will not investigate this matter." 

When the father nodded, "brother Jiang is not angry, then this matter will be exposed." 

With that, he went to see his son standing at the bottom, "brother Qing, do you hear me? Your father Jiang is not angry." 

"Thank you for your understanding." 

When Qing face immediately with a smile. 

Then he asked Jiang Fu, "did Uncle really forgive the boy?" 

Jiang Fu wanted to say no. 

However, considering the fact that Qing didn't talk about it at all and said that he would not sell grain if he didn't sell grain, he still nodded his head 

"of course it is." 

"That would be fine." 

Shi Qing was smiling again. 

He was beautiful, and the smile on his face became more and more brilliant. 

The young master looked at Jiang Fu who was sitting on the top with a bright face and arched his hands. "Since uncle Jiang has forgiven the boy, I will let people control Jiang's family to buy cloth, spices, accessories, and firewood for going to and from Chaifu. Please forgive him." 

Jiang Fu "..." 

He stood up abruptly and looked at the young man who was born like a jade and had a bright smile 

"Yes." "Uncle Jiang, you are angry with the younger generation. It's really exposed." 

Jiang's father was black in front of his eyes and took a deep breath of effort. "What I said is that you let people limit my Jiang family's purchase of grain!" 

"This thing?" 

The young master's voice was still soft and waxy, as if full of innocence, and was extremely innocent. "Uncle, I just want to let Mr. Jiang Liye write and leave the book, and let my sister go back to the house. It's just a personal grudge between us. Uncle, you're an elder, don't you interfere?" 

"Personal grudges?" 

When Jiang's father said this, his teeth were itching. "You've made all the people of Jiang's family hungry. How can you say it's a personal grudge?" 

"Yes." 

Shi Qing turned his lips and said, "I have a bad relationship with Mr. Jiang, which is known all over the city. Now that I want to fight against him, those merchants automatically complain for me, and voluntarily refuse to sell Jiangs' grain. Mr. Jiang and I are private grudges. These kind-hearted people are willing to refuse to sell Jiangs' grain for me. I am very grateful." 

"Uncle, don't worry. If you're still angry, I will certainly make an apology to you. But the food issue, which I haven't seen from the book, has not been discussed." 

Jiang Fu "..." 

He took a deep breath and looked at his father. "Your son is like this, don't you say anything?" 

When the father's face full of doubts, "I want to say something?" 

He thought about it for a while, and yelled, "brother Qing, look at you. How do you talk to your elders? You should know the etiquette and how your father teaches you!" 

"Yes, dad was right." 

With shame on his face, Shi Qing arched his hand at Jiang Fu again. "I'm really sorry for my uncle. I'll say it again." 

"It doesn't matter if you don't send the books. I'm a junior, and I can't do anything to my uncle. At most, let the Jiang family have no rice, no clothes, no firewood, no charcoal for heating." 

Said, he looked at his father again "nothing, and no injury." 

"No, it's nothing." 

"Little brother, don't touch your head seriously. Why don't you touch your head so seriously 

"You 

Jiang's father was so angry that he couldn't stand steadily. Shaking his finger at Shiqing, he kept pointing, "how can you be so shameless and capable, so you can deal with our Jiang family in a fair and aboveboard manner, and use this kind of inferior and abusive tactics, shameless!" 

"Ah." 

Shi Qing sighed with regret. "The boy has no talent, no virtue, no skill. Now, for the sake of the Jiang family and Li Shu, he has to be brave enough to fight with Mr. Jiang." 

"But if it's right, when it comes to martial arts, I don't have the strength to bind a chicken. I don't know how to write essays. It seems that there is only one way to go. Please forgive me." 

The young master sighed again, and he was helpless to bow his hands 

"Who let me have nothing but money."





 Is there anything more irritating in the world?? 

Jiang Fu was so angry that he almost didn't perform at the time and fainted on the spot. 

He had a sudden shock. 

By the way, he can fall down at his house. 

When the time comes, the people of his Jiang family will pay a good visit to the house, walk in vertically and go out horizontally. 

In addition, Shiqing has been stirring the wind and rain in Hecheng these days. Everyone knows that he is targeting at Jiang family. Even when he falls down, Shijia can't tell even if he has eight mouths. 

Jiang Fu thought, covering his chest, slowly fell down. 

He thought that Shi Qing and his father would be more or less panicked, and would rush to support him in a hurry. However, he did not expect that they were indifferent. They just stood there and watched him fall. Jiang Fu had no choice but to bite his teeth and fall to the ground. 

"Dad, uncle Jiang has fainted. Let's carry him to the street quickly." 

When father "carried to the street for what?" 

Shi Qing said: "Uncle Jiang is hungry and dizzy, but Jiang Liye is still unwilling to write and leave the book. This kind of unfilial behavior can only be seen when his own father is too hungry to give up his own selfish desires. Naturally, we should let the world know." 

Jiang Fu playing dead "..." 

He had a dark face, opened his eyes and turned up. 

"Uncle Jiang, you are awake again." 

Jiang Fu's "shameless!" 

"Uncle, you are right, the boy is shameless. I apologize to you." 

Jiang Fu "..." 

He was wrong. He wanted to take back the shameless words that the owner of the house was the first in the world. 

In this world, the most shameless person, is clear when Qing!! 

I can't play, but I can't even pretend to be dead. 

Jiang Fu has no choice but to withdraw. 

He snorted and swung his sleeve out. 

At the gate, I just met Jiang bieyu who was waiting outside. 

Jiang bieyu saw him and did not salute, but stood quietly looking at him with the light colored eyes that Shuangjiang's father always thought represented the cool and thin nature of his son. 

Looking up and down again, he saw that Jiang bieyu's clothes were fine and his face was ruddy because of his good food and drink. Even his body was much bigger than before. 

He added more gas. 

I heard that you are now the servant of Shiqing? You have a good life with Shiqing. You should have drowned you in the water at the beginning, just like he didn't respect his elders. " 

Jiang bieyu coldly raised his eyes and laughed at his father. "I have to thank my father and elder brother for bringing me to such a good place at home." 

Jiang Fu "..." 

Zhennima's irritating even ordinary people who used to be silent and listen to his admonition are so irritating. 

With a gloomy face, he said, "you really didn't have a good place at that time. When you clear that little beast, sooner or later..." 

Jiang bieyu's expression suddenly cold, fist slowly clenched. 

"Animals are animals. If they eat, sleep and eat, they don't have to worry about so many things, let alone talk with people." 

Shi Qing came out from the inside. His beautiful face was full of publicity, and he looked at Jiang Fu with a smile. "But uncle, if the animals can speak and have to quarrel with each other, what will be the people who can't even talk about them?" 

After seeing the young master swaggering out, he loosened his fist and said, "animals are better than animals." 

"You guys 

Jiang Fu was really dizzy this time. He pointed to Shiqing with trembling fingers and pointed to Jiang bieyu. He did not squeeze out a word. 

Shi Qing said it for him. 

The young master respectfully made a farewell gift, and said in a crisp voice, "younger generation, send off your uncle." 

It's like driving people naked. 

How can Jiang Fu be humiliated. 

He looked at the young boy in front of him. He clenched his fist slowly and was about to make trouble. 

Jiang bieyu was in front of Shi Qing. 

On the surface of cold and hard face, a pair of pale eyes coldly look at Jiang Fu. 

Looking at his tall and strong figure, Jiang Fu is full of awe inspiring momentum 

Forget it! 

He doesn't know these people! 

Jiang's father walked away in gray. 

Shi Qing put out a head behind Jiang bieyu, reached out his hand and knocked on his arm. "He is your father. You help me, are you not afraid to bear the reputation of being unfilial?" 

Jiang bieyu slightly drooped his eyes. "I was saved by you." 

The implication is that he must help Shi Qing. 

"You have a conscience." 

The young master didn't pinch. He was so happy that he jumped on the man with a smile. "Just now I spent a lot of words with him. I'm so tired that I can't walk back. You can take me back to the yard."Jiang bieyu is used to all kinds of delicacy of the young master these days. Naturally, he bends down slightly and reaches out his hand to hold this delicate body in his arms. 

Shi Qing is still growing. Recently, he has grown especially fast. Jiang bieyu thinks that the milk he insists on drinking is really useful. After all, he has only seen Shi Qing when he is running so fast. 

It's just that the milk is OK. If you drink too much, you will always have a smell of milk on your body. 

Shiqing didn't like to splash all kinds of spices on his body. She allowed the women to dress him up. The women thought his milk smell good, so they didn't put all kinds of spices into his sachet. 

Even his favorite osmanthus, are just put under the pillow. 

As a result, the young master of this period of time is full of milk fragrance. 

Jiang bieyu felt more and more stable with him. 

This is not because he thought it smelled good, but when he was a child, he lived in a deserted courtyard with his aunt. For a period of time, there were several young masters in the mansion, and they were not cared for in the kitchen. He was young and often hungry. The most loyal girl found out that there was a horse in the house and secretly milked the horse for him in the evening. 

Without any treatment, the cold milk will not taste so good. But for Jiang bieyu, who has been hungry, it is a rare delicacy. 

Now, even if he grows up, he can't help feeling secure when he smells the milk fragrance on his body. 

Jiang bieyu went back to the yard with the young master in his arms. 

If it was a man of such a big family, it would certainly cause a lot of discussion. 

But in the young master of the time family, this seems to be a very normal thing. 

After all, their young master is delicate, from small to big, it is fine, can not be refined to raise. 

Such a young master is nothing but to be carried back to the yard. 

Even if he said he couldn't sleep at night, it was reasonable to ask someone to be held by him. 

After going back, the girls are busy again. 

However, Jiang bieyu had already quietly taken care of Shiqing's work in his own body. They could not help but not dare to go forward. They were busy with their own work while watching the tall man gently wipe his face for the young master and take off his shirt. 

Even after everything was done, he sat on the edge of the cave, peeling peanuts for the young master one by one. 

In the past, it was all their work!! 

I feel deeply that the women who have been robbed of their profession have a sense of crisis. 

A woman brought the cat, and the young master, who was eating peanuts, immediately showed his liking to the cat. She quickly stretched out her hand and held the fat Persian cat in her arms. 

"Cat, my good cat, do you miss me?" 

Looking at his warm and friendly appearance, I would like to kiss this Persian cat well. 

The woman holding the cat said with a smile, "brother Qing, the cat is so powerful today that people can see that it has colluded with a female cat. I'm afraid that by the beginning of next year, the cat will be a father." 

The young master stroked the long cat's fur hand. 

The happy smile on his face also fell slightly. 

Jiang bieyu felt that he didn't look right. He looked up and saw the little boy frown a little and gently put the cat aside. 

"how did it get out of the door? Didn't I say that the cat can only make me close?" 

The woman also noticed his displeasure, and her expression was a little confused. "But, it's just a female cat." 

"It's just a mouse. If it comes into contact with them, I won't be the master again." 

When Qing calm face, a pair of no interest to play again, waving "take it down." 

The woman opened her mouth and wanted to say something, but looking at his face, she didn't dare to open her mouth. She quickly and cautiously saluted and went down with the cat in her arms. 

If Jiang bieyu thinks about it, he doesn't say anything when he sees the young master eating and sleeping. 

When Shiqing fell asleep, he walked out of the room, and could hear some girls whispering in the corridor: "is brother Qing unhappy today?" 

"I see also, just cat just ran out once, clear elder brother son is not so angry." 

Jiang bieyu slightly drooped his eyes, remembering every move of the little young master just now, and the expression on his face. 

When Qing does not like his cat contact with other cats or people. 

To be precise, he just wanted him to be the only one in the cat's eye. 

Jiang bieyu can understand what the young master is thinking. 

After all, so was his own temperament. 

How can you allow others to touch what you really like. 

His lips slightly with a smile, no longer put this matter in mind. 

The next day, Jiang bieyu stepped into the house again. 

Then heard the young master is still sweet and sweet soft waxy tone, very happy look "cat, good cat, come on, eat dried fish, I feed you."He raised his eyebrows slightly. 

Is Shi Qing not angry? 

The man looked at the past, but saw that the young master, who was still dressed in silk and silk, had a familiar sweet smile on his face and was holding the cat in a soft voice. His brows were full of indulgence and laziness. 

It's just the cat, but it's not the Persian cat before. 

Instead, it was a lion cat with a more ferocious face and eating dried fish. 

Jiang bieyu stopped and looked at the girl beside her. The girl whispered, "brother Qing sent someone to give the cat to the cousin who has always loved cats last night, and then sent this cat to be a cat." 

She murmured, "young master Biao always likes cats. He begged Qing Ge'er many times. He swore that he would be good to the cat, but he didn't allow him to do it this time." 

"Oh, come? Come and pinch my shoulders. I didn't sleep well last night. My shoulders are sour and soft 

When Qing looked up, he saw Jiang bieyu coming and said hello with a smile. 

The man stepped forward slowly. His hand fell on his shoulder and kneaded it gently. 

With the shelter of the curtain, Jiang BIE Yu's body is gradually close to him, and almost embraces the whole body of Shiqing, who is teasing the cat. 

This can be called the following crimes. 

The young master holding the cat just turned and looked at him with a smile. His eyes were full of joy. 

Soft waxy voice like anger, like scolding, "always so presumptuous." 

He is still the original attitude, Jiang bieyu is not light and heavy for him, but the slender hand of the shoulder suddenly stopped. 

In the eyes of the young master, he showed his laziness and indulgence. 

It was the same as what was revealed to the cat.





 Because of the fireplace in the house, it is as warm as spring, but Jiang bieyu's heart is suddenly cold. 

"Well?" 

Seeing that his expression was not right, Shiqing seemed to be very strange. He stretched out his hand and touched his face with white fingers 

Just like before, the young master, who was full of stars, arrogant and charming, only showed his soft smile that could melt the whole person away. 

Waxy voice low, coquettish general "I just said you a, angry." 

He raised his chin and cocked up his mouth. "Come on, stingy. It's a big deal. I'll stop talking about it in the future." 

Even in soft words, there is still a sense of pride in the young master's face. 

Once upon a time, Jiang bieyu did not put this arrogance in his eyes. 

Because he is different from others. 

Although he was smiling at the girls, he would tell a few jokes to tease them from time to time, but he had never been close to those girls, and he had never asked them to sit on the edge of the collapse to lull him to sleep. 

Not to mention, as it is now, Jiang bieyu hugs him in a gesture that can be described as overstepping. 

In Jiang bieyu's heart, Shi Qing has always been different from him. 

But now, in the face of the young master smiling beautiful face, the man's voice seems to block a piece of general, half a day can't speak. 

Just now, it's definitely not his illusion. 

Why didn't you find out. 

When the clear, full of love of the line of sight, never just put on him alone. 

Now, the cat. 

They all have the same treatment as him. 

The young master in front of me I like it. 

"Jiang bieyu? Jiang bieyu? What are you doing? " 

Shi Qing held the cat in his arms. Before meeting, the tall man was stunned with a wooden face, and the smile on the corner of his lips was bigger. With a smile, he held the cat in one hand and pushed him with the other. 

Jiang bieyu was pushed out of his mind. 

A look, then on the clear line of sight. 

The young master was still smiling, and his expression was full of connivance. He did not blame him for ignoring his own meaning. 

This kind of tolerance, the whole family, only Jiang bieyu can get. 

Once upon a time, his heart was soft for this, but now, there is only a void left. 

"Shi Qing." 

The man opened his mouth, even if he had been raised for more than ten days, his voice was still dark and hoarse, which was very ugly. 

He called Shi Qing's name for the first time and asked, "do you really like me?" 

"What did you say?" 

The young master stretched out his white fingertips and looked like a dandy. He raised the chin of the man in front of him with a smile and asked him to look at him more closely. 

Or that pair in the bamboo forest appearance, toot mouth, take the initiative to get up. 

"Chirp!" 

A crisp sound. 

Jiang bieyu's body did not move, only looked at Shi Qing slowly retreating away, as before, took out a handkerchief from his arms to wipe his mouth, the corners of his lips were still smiling. 

"If I don't like you, how can I let you be my pet 

His words are glutinous and sweet, and his expression is full of justice and boldness. 

Can always stand still, looking at the young master in front of Jiang bieyu, in his clear and beautiful black and white eyes, but can not see half of the love. 

When Qing looked at his face, half of the heart was empty. 

Dislike River don't Yu straight don't talk, he impatiently pushed a "you today in the end what's the matter, wood general, annoying tight." 

After pushing, he naturally lies in the man's arms. 

Skillfully lying on Jiang bieyu's knee, he yawned and muttered in a soft voice, "I want to sleep for a while, don't disturb me." 

As the winter became deeper and deeper, the young master of Shi family became more and more sleepy. If it had not been for dealing with the Jiang family during this period, he would have loved to spend 12 hours on the couch. 

Naturally, as his "child molestate", Jiang bieyu has been accompanying him. 

In the past, holding the young master's body, listening to the wind outside in this warm room and smelling the milk fragrance on the tip of the nose, Jiang bieyu's heart would be peaceful. 

But now, his mind is in a mess. 

He always thought that Shi Qing was happy with him. 

It turns out that there is no such thing as 

These days of close, coquettish, when Qing do very natural. 

Jiang bieyu didn't think that these might be fake, but then he thought that if it was fake, he would be under the fence now, what could Shiqing do with him. 

So, it's not fake. 

"Meow ~" 

the lion cat, who had just arrived today, let out a gentle cry, which made the young master dissatisfied with his hand and closed his eyes. He leaned skillfully into the man's arms.These days, the two people are stuck together almost every day. Even if the mind is in a mess, Jiang bieyu's hand falls on Shiqing subconsciously and hugs people tightly. 

When he came into contact with the young master's clothes, he reflected what his hands had done. 

These days, the young master's various commands, he has been used to cater to the time. 

Jiang bieyu made sure that his feelings would not go wrong. 

Shi Qing likes him. 

It's just that he likes a cup, a cat and a sachet. It's no different. 

He connived at Jiang bieyu, letting him not be big or small, and letting him do all kinds of actions. He laughed sweetly and talked sweetly. He seemed to like Jiang bieyu very much, rolling and scattering Jiao in his arms. 

But maybe, for the young master of the time, it was the same as he was teasing with the cat in his arms. 

For him, he got a real love, daily immersed in some people like their own peace. 

Occasionally, he would think about the future, thinking about how to get rid of his family, how to get military power, and how to take his little Canary to his side when he was in power. 

Take good care of it. 

He can also let the stars of Shiqing enjoy the moon without suffering at all. 

That pair of delicate white barefoot, do not need to land in the future, when Qing wants to go, he will hold him in person. 

However, no matter how good and how clear, the reality still falls in front of us. 

For Shi Qing, it was just teasing his favorite pet only. 

Jiang BIE Yu's hands on the young man's waist slowly tightened. 

Ding! The rejection degree of jiangbieyu is 70 out of 100 

Ding! Jiangbieyu rejection degree 75 out of 100 

Ding! The rejection degree of jiangbieyu is 80 out of 100 

Ding! Jiang bieyu's rejection rate was 99 out of 100 

he was conscious that there was no problem. The host who was waiting for him to lie down and win was stunned. 

Host!!! Host host!! The event is not good, host!!! 

Shi Qing still closed his eyes, a pair of sleep is ripe, but the bottom of my heart is lazy to talk to the system, how is it always so, how, how, how, last time you were self-taught what kind of line, straight straight when things are not urgent, not impatient system of mind? 

The system is eager to rush out of the host, you see the degree of exclusion ah, he suddenly soared to 99, 99!! 

This ten days a little bit down the exclusion degree, this is a failure!! 

Hi, 99? I thought it would go up to 100. 

When Qing is still that pair of not anxious sample system baby, this is not to 100, what are you anxious about. 

As soon as the voice dropped, there was a prompt tone in my ear: 

Ding! Jiangbieyu rejection degree 101 out of 100 

System 

When the system reaches 100, what will the host do. 

Shiqing what to 100, one more, one less, that is not a hundred, good, steady. 

The system tries hard to simulate the sound effect of taking a breath. The gentleman should guard against arrogance and rashness, and I can resist it. 

Shi Qing 

It's fun where the kid learned these words. 

Although we should guard against arrogance and rashness, we still can't get rid of the worried system and ask carefully 

host, is that ok? You're not in trouble, are you? I have been studying the strategy book "self cultivation of the system" these days, and found that there are many examples in it. They are all tortured by the air carriers after the host overturned. It is extremely tragic that one host was tortured crazy and voluntarily left the system and stayed in the small world forever. 

When Qing laughs at ease, who will stay, I will not stay, I have not finished the real world game, the final boss, how willing. 

If you don't feel the pain of the host system, don't worry about it. 

Shi Qing turned over in Jiang bieyu's arms, and felt that the man stretched out his long hand and gently let him lie more comfortable in his arms. He was eager to hum a little song. 

All in all, what are you so nervous about? It's not that there has never been more than a few hundred repetitions before, and you haven't been so nervous at that time. 

The system was worried and balked, but Jiang bieyu was different. He was so fierce 

In the middle of it, it stops. 

When Qing tut tut Tut, you know he is fierce. I thought you were cheated by his appearance. 

In any case, the system is more ferocious. The host should be on the safe side and block the pain. 

Shiqing didn't listen. 

You think he's going to hurt me? 

System How does it know. 

It's nervous anyway, just to be on the safe side. 

When clear, what's the meaning of that, good, you go back to play, the problem of exclusion does not need to worry. 

System 

It is not worried about the degree of rejection, it is clearly worried about the host ah! The system is not willing to go back. 

When Qing nest in the man's arms, feel his hand is gently brushing his back, pacifying the same action. 

He opened his eyes, held out his finger, and poked his arm in front of him. 

Jiang bieyu is worthy of being half a Hu, even his arms are hard. 

Feel that there is a soft power in touch with their own, river not more than drooping eyes, on the clear line of sight. 

The young master almost subconsciously gave him a soft smile. 

Glutinous voice sweet called a "Jiang BIE Yu." 

The man was stiff. 

NBS Ding! The rejection degree of jiangbieyu is 80 out of 100 

Ding! The rejection degree of jiangbieyu was 60 out of 100 

Ding! Jiang bieyu's rejection degree was 49 out of 100 

just stuck on the passing line. 

Time is no accident. 

He blocked the road that Jiang bieyu had planned to take, so that he could see the end of this road. 

As long as Jiang bieyu wants him, he will change his way consciously. 

As for whether it is possible for him to give up on him? 

When Qing is in the bottom of my heart. 

Have been to the mouth of the meat, hungry wolf will be willing to release it? 

He is still smiling at Jiang bieyu, as before. It seems that his eyes are full of joy, but in fact, he is heartless. 

From this day on, Jiang bieyu served the Qing Dynasty more carefully. 

Young master is also more and more inseparable from him, do anything to call Jiang bieyu, every day with him together with Jiang family hard gang. 

Now, in order to deal with Jiang's family with Lishu, almost everyone in Hecheng knows it. 

The Jiang family can't carry it. 

There's no way. It's OK to fight against it. If there's no food to eat, how can they resist it. 

However, the old fox was very cunning. He didn't show up and asked a younger generation to come forward. Even if they wanted to ask the Lord to help, they were shameless. 

After all, Shi Qing said that it was the gratitude and resentment of the younger generation. Only Jiang Liye signed and left the book. He immediately stopped targeting the Shi family. 

That was not signed by Jiang Liye himself. 

He would rather watch his parents and relatives suffer, and watch the whole house be implicated by himself, but he would not sign and leave the book just for his own selfish desire. 

This kind of words come out, how can the Jiang family still have the face to rescue the soldiers. 

However, on the one hand, the Jiang family didn't want to bow down, on the other hand, it was a matter of trouble. If they bowed their heads, they would become a laughing stock. They had to bear the shame to find the Lord and let him preside over justice. 

After the king knew the reason, he thought that the Jiang family was really useless. He could not even play with a 16-year-old child, but he asked him for it. He said impatiently that he would not control the food of the Jiang family again. 

The young master of the time really listened. 

However, he gave Wang Ye the face and refused to suppress the rice and grain of the Jiang family, but he refused to give up the pressure on the Jiang family so that Jiang Liye could sign and leave the book. 

This young master, who used to show off as a dandy, directly took over a large number of shops and businesses from his father and operated various operations. 

In order to suppress the Jiang family from all aspects. 

I don't know whether it's Jiang family's bad luck or the young master's talent. 

Since he began to get involved in his business, everything he wanted to do was above the crowd. 

Jiangjiapu sells spices. He asked people to study spices. The aroma of the spices that they studied did not disperse for a long time. They were very popular with the families in Hecheng. 

He opened a restaurant in jiangjiazi. He also opened a chain. The restaurant had good service, paid great attention to the layout, and paid a high price to invite famous chefs. In the end, not only Hecheng, but also other cities had Shijia restaurants. 

Jiang's shop sells porcelain, so he opens a brick kiln to burn paper porcelain. He actually makes him produce a porcelain that is as crystal clear as white jade. It is called beauty porcelain. The price of this porcelain is very high, but it is still popular. 

When his father gave his son the business, many people predicted that he would surely lose the family business. 

But it is also good, when the father is still alive, with him watching, even if it is how to lose, also can't lose where to go. 

It turned out that nobody thought of it. 

When the powerful Shijia arrived at Shiqing, his assets turned up several times and his reputation was almost world-famous. 

On his own, he did not use a knife or a gun, nor did he use dirty means. He was just as aboveboard as boiling a frog in warm water, which brought down the Jiang family a little bit. 

Fortunately, Jiang family was also called Hecheng two big families together with Shijia. 

But now, just because of the time Qing Dynasty, the Jiang family is now a group of poor people. Their children, let alone extravagance and extravagance, can't even afford to go to the Shijia restaurant for a meal. 

Of course, this does not rule out the reason why the restaurant is too expensive. 

In short, the Jiang family has seen it clearly. 

If you keep up with the time, the guy who bites and doesn't let go will definitely kill them.They refused to sign and leave the book just to save face. 

But now the family has been suppressed by a group of poor, there is no inside, what face. 

When the Qing Dynasty had just passed the age of 18, and soon after the birth of Hecheng, the Jiangs finally compromised under his indomitable attacks, and sent people to send him and leave the book. 

The young master, who was happily holding a snowball in the yard, heard about it. He immediately showed excitement on his face and pulled Jiang bieyu, who was squatting with him, to get up fiercely. 

"Go! Let's meet my sister 

The tall man followed him in silence, looking at the sweet smile on the young master's face, which seemed to melt the whole heart, and his eyes also showed a trace of softness. 

Shixi was almost snatched back from Jiang's family by his father. 

Before the Jiang family refused to let people go, Shiqing had to deal with the Jiang family. 

If Shixi was still at Jiangjia, he would starve together. 

When the father heard his son Balabala finish, he took a group of people to the river house, called to visit, talk about every day, talk about the earth, see if we can have a peace talk. 

In fact, he was there to rob people. 

After grabbing his daughter back, Shi Fu didn't stay for a second, so he went back to his home directly. 

As for what the Jiang family called him shameless, he did not hear. 

It is also said that when Shi Xi married Jiang Liye, it is the Jiang family. Who has stipulated that married women can't go back to their parents' home to visit their elders. 

His old father is ill. When Shixi is his daughter, can't he come back to serve the soup? 

Anyway, he has a point. 

The Jiang family can be regarded as knowing who Shiqing's impudence came from. 

The descendants of the Shi family are not as many as those of the Jiang family. 

In addition to the father of the family, there are only two men. 

It is not expensive to have more. 

A 16-year-old boy who had a dandy reputation two years ago and was arrogant and domineering didn't seem to be able to inherit a good family business. He didn't have to suffer a little and didn't experience anything. 

How could it be that this life brought down their Jiang family. 

I'm really pissed off. 

The young master of the family was wearing a silver fox fur cloak with rabbit skin on the edge and beautiful jewels on his clothes. He trotted to the front. 

With the movement, his beautiful face, which was more and more white like snow, was also dyed with a little red and beautiful color. 

In the past two years, Shiqing insisted on drinking milk every day and jumping from time to time. As expected, he grew taller, but his skeleton was still as slim as before, and still looked so petite. 

However, in two years, he controlled the whole Shijia and even Hecheng's economic lifeline. Even if his skeleton was slim and his age was young, he would not feel like a bully. 

Of course, it will not let people bully this point, it may also be because he always followed Jiang bieyu. 

That tall, cold and hard man, like a lone wolf general man. 

His Hu blood makes him much taller than Han people. His light colored eyes always make him feel cold and cold when he looks at people. However, the eyes that scare countless people to look down are always gentle and faithful. 

They all said that Jiang bieyu was the most obedient wolf under Shiqing. 

In the past two years, Shi Qingyin was expanding his family. He did not know how many people he had offended. He himself had been assassinated several times, and all of them were blocked by Jiang bieyu. 

After that, the man named servant, but actually ferocious and abnormal, just found out those people one by one. 

The others were fine, just thrown into jail. 

What he said to the assassin was not that he wanted Shi Qing to die, or he heard that the young master of his family was so gorgeous that he wanted the assassin to take people out of the mansion for him to play with, but he was dragged directly into the street by Jiang bieyu. 

In front of the street people, a knife blade under his body meat. 

No one knows where Jiang bieyu learned his skills. In short, the man howled for three days to stop breathing. He was not stopped, so he always begged for mercy. However, no matter how he cried or asked for pleasure, the tall, cold faced man was expressionless, just as he didn't hear it. 

After that, he was caught in prison for using the death penalty and was released within two days. 

After all, in order to protect his life, the man signed a contract of sale. 

Therefore, according to the law, Jiang bieyu was only a servant when he was dealing with it. This was a family affair, and the county government was not good at intervening. 

Although he did this in the street, the field he was stepping on was paved by the people of the time. 

So, there's no place to look for his mistakes. 

Those three days brought great psychological shadow to the people of Hecheng. 

After Jiang bieyu made such a scene, the effect was also remarkable. 

At least after that time, no one dared to send someone to assassinate the young master. 

And Hecheng people talk about Jiang bieyu is also a pair of quiet if the appearance of greetings.They say that he is worthy of the blood of the Hu people, that is, he is cold-blooded and merciless. At the beginning, the man's heart and liver were trembling when he was crying and howling. However, Jiang bieyu was able to continue his execution without any expression. 

Some people say that he is protecting the young master. 

Can he be so fierce, when the young master can really control him? 

The people of Hecheng are very clear. Although this young master is charming and arrogant, he is really kind-hearted. In the past two years, he has built roads to facilitate the people, set up department stores to accommodate scattered vendors, and bought rice at a fair price, never falling prices. 

He's very kind, and they all know it. 

Is such a kind-hearted young master really able to hold down Jiang bieyu's ferocious servant like a wild animal? 

Shiqing didn't know how to say himself outside. 

He ran across the yard, past the porch. 

The young master took a subconscious look and stopped to look. There, the housekeeper was giving lectures to the new servants. 

Jiang bieyu saw that he stopped suddenly, and then he stopped. 

The man was silent and respectful waiting for the young master, but he saw Shi Qing suddenly raise his hand. Under the white clothes, a small piece of jade white finger showed, pointing to the other side, and telling the girl who was following up 

"what's the name of the tall man in Xuan clothes 

Jiang bieyu looked at the past and saw a fierce looking servant. 

He lowered his eyes slightly, stood beside Shiqing and looked at him. 

I saw a little interest on the young master's jade white face, and his eyes were full of eager and joyful. 

The man dropped his eyes slightly and clenched his fist.





 In the yard, the master and the servant stood there, watching the woman trot over to ask the servant. 

Shi Qing is waiting there. 

Now he is eighteen, but his appearance is only a little childish compared with two years ago. Although he is taller, he still looks like he wants to be held in his arms. 

This "person" is Jiang bieyu. 

Jiang bieyu, on the other hand, is tall. He has eaten well in the past two years, but he has actually risen a layer. In addition, he has cleared many obstacles to get out of the building in order to clear up the time. His whole body is sharp and dark. 

Today, although they are still masters and servants, when Jiang bieyu stood beside the young master, they did not look like a servant at all. 

People in Shifu were more or less afraid of him. Even his father had told his son several times in secret that he felt that Jiang bieyu was a knife that was not easy to control. His whole body was full of the message that "I will swallow the Lord" and asked him to send the man away. 

The young master didn't believe it. As usual, he summoned Jiang bieyu to come and go at once. It was really as if he was keeping a fierce and obedient beast. 

Anyone can see that Shi Qing is confident. 

I am confident that Jiang bieyu will not betray him. 

Jiang bieyu Yizhi also thinks so. 

It doesn't mean he doesn't have anger. 

He fixed his eyes to the eyes of Shi Qing. 

These eyes are still bright as if hidden stars, which is his most familiar eyes, because Shi Qing often looks at him with such eyes. 

But now, that vision, but in the face of the ferocious servant stopped to stay. 

A pair, Jiang bieyu completely forgotten appearance. 

The man stood in his original position, his eyes slightly calm, and said, "I have never seen this man in the mansion before." 

The young master's eyes seemed to stick to the servant, and he said casually, "maybe it's the servant who bought this time." 

Shi Qing remembered, "a while ago, I didn't mean that many people were released from the mansion before, and they wanted to buy people back?"? My mother came to my yard and asked me if I wanted to buy some girls back 

Jiang bieyu slightly raised his eyes, also looked to the direction of the corridor, pulled the corner of his mouth, voice slightly dumb "I'm afraid that's it." 

After he finished, he looked at the young master and suggested that he should have a good foundation because he is very tall. I'd better let him come under my hand and I'll practice him well 

"Under your hand?" 

Shi Qing showed a little dislike and glanced at the tall man around him. "Those people under your hands are all timid, and they can't see the bravery at all. If they are sent to your hands, they will become disrespectful. What should we do 

Two years ago, Shiqing took over the business of Shijia and showed up in front of the people. For his safety, his father specially made the strong and able boys in the house form a protective team. 

At that time, Shi Qing directly pointed out that Jiang bieyu, who was not even given the surname of Shi, became the head of the protection team. 

Many people are unconvinced. 

They didn't dare to give advice to the young master. They just tried to fight against Jiang bieyu, so that the boy who didn't know where to come from would retreat. 

As a result, Jiang bieyu completely tamed everyone in less than five days. 

Of course, some means were used. As for the means, no one has ever said it, and no one has ever dared to reveal anything in front of Shiqing. 

In short, the rest of the house only knew that after five days, when the guards looked at their heads, their eyes were not awe or admiration, but panic and fear. 

At the beginning, they didn't know what to be afraid of. Jiang bieyu was just fierce. He was alone, and so many people in the protection team were afraid that they could not hold him down? 

But when Jiang bieyu's own lingchi happened, the businessman who had coveted the Qing Dynasty, no one dared to ask. 

Don't say it's bibijiang bieyu. Why does a person who doesn't even have the surname of Shi get the favor of elder brother Qing. 

Even if it is only passing by this man, there will be a cold sweat behind his back because of fear. 

And all this, young master certainly does not know. 

No one dares to chew Jiang bieyu's tongue in front of the young master. 

If you offend the living Yama, you don't know how to die. 

Although no one told Shi Qing, he was accompanied by Jiang bieyu every time he met the people in the protection team. Naturally, he saw what those people looked like in front of Jiang bieyu. 

It's like a mouse meeting a cat. 

Don't say it's as fierce as a lion, it's even more tortoise than tortoise one by one. 

When the young master went back, he murmured with Jiang bieyu, saying that he did not know how the rumors about the bravery and bravery of the Shijia protection team were all good players. 

Where did he know that these people were only turtles in front of Jiang bieyu. 

Jiang bieyu didn't deny it. He only said solemnly that he had just entered the government and didn't know the details yet. If he was sent to me, I could make a good investigation 

With that, he added, "didn't the king of Zhou want to solicit Shi's family before he was rejected? Maybe spies will be sent over there. You'd better be careful. "Shi Qing seemed to be very hesitant, and finally nodded. 

As he doubled the assets of the time family, Hecheng could no longer satisfy the young master. 

Now two years later, Shijia industry is almost all over the world. 

Earn money and rice, naturally also attracted some people covet. 

Among these people, those who attempt to dominate the world are the most, no matter who they are. 

After all, war costs money! 

Don't you ask for money for food, clothes and weapons. 

At the beginning, it can still hold up. If it only goes out of the room, where can it stand. 

At this time, if you can attract such a big help from Shijia, of course, it would be better. 

When Qing was mad, he would pick up the olive branch they handed over. 

They are now the whole family in Hecheng, there is a big boss, if now dare to jump jobs, the boss will kill them in no minutes. 

But it's offensive to refuse. 

at least Guang Jiang and Yu Yu stopped at least five waves from other forces. 

Now he said that, even if the young master is how to like this appearance, it must be very important for his life. 

Jiang bieyu was not surprised by his choice. 

He just bowed his head respectfully and strode towards the man. 

The maid, who was sent to ask her name, was talking to the servant softly. When she lifted her eyes, she found that Jiang bieyu, the living king of hell, had come. She was so frightened that she quickly gave way to her side. 

The man is tall and powerful, with light eyes and no emotion. He looks at the servant in front of him and asks the housekeeper, "who bought him?" 

The housekeeper is the son of the old housekeeper. He is not as strong as his father. He is young. He is frightened to hear Jiang bieyu, who has always been a fierce reputation and a lively bully. When he asks himself in such a cold voice, his body trembles. 

"Yes, it was the second one who bought it." 

Jiang bieyu wrung his eyebrows and looked at the tall servant who was white faced and dared not look at himself. He said coldly, "send him to the protection team." 

"Yes, I'll send them here." 

Young master is still waiting. Jiang bieyu doesn't say much. He turns and strides back to Shiqing. 

Just before leaving, I took a cold glance at the tall servant. 

The new servants standing on the porch looked over. 

I saw a piece of white snow, the whole body seems to be risking the evil spirit of the man strode to the young master waiting in situ. 

His cold face seemed to show a smile, stretched out his hand to tidy up his cloak for the young master, and then left with him. 

They were relieved to see the man go. 

The brave one asked 

Housekeeper is also a sigh of relief, "the head of the protection team, is also a close friend of qingge'er." 

Boy??? 

A group of people are a little confused. 

Do you have a boy who is dressed like that and whose temperament is like that? 

Without saying anything else, even the housekeeper was afraid to speak out loud in front of him. 

Is this a boy?!! 

The housekeeper coughed and said, "no voice, how can I teach you? We should be quiet." 

"You." 

He pointed to the servant who was still afraid because Jiang bieyu was full of evil spirit. "I will take you to the protection team in a moment, and then you will be in his charge." 

Servant " Can we not go? The little one thinks that he doesn't like small ones. " 

Jiang bieyu looked at that one eye, up to now, the hair on his arm is still erect. 

The housekeeper looked serious. "How can I not go? I have to go." 

"May, may small fear." 

"What are you afraid of?" "Don't worry, he won't kill the people of Shijia. As long as you are still at Shijia, you will never be in trouble." 

What's more, he promised Jiang bieyu that if he didn't go, he would be the one to be afraid of. 

Servant " He, he also kills people 

Don't kill People of the time family 

It means that if you are not a member of the Shi family, you may be killed?? 

Seeing the servant's legs trembling with fright, the housekeeper realized that his words might be ambiguous, and he kindly explained 

"not long after the protection team was built, this man suggested to Qing Ge'er to take them to see the blood to train their hands, and then he took them to pay the mountain bandits nearby, so they killed all the mountain bandits." 

Oh Mountain bandits, this is better. 

There are many mountain bandits around Hecheng, and almost all of them have lives on their hands. The government also takes care of them. However, because of their cunning, they hide in the mountains every time they see people coming from the government. 

Now the world is in chaos, and the government can't spare no time to send out a large number of people to catch the mountain bandits, so they can only let it go. 

Now that Jiang bieyu killed those mountain bandits who killed and robbed money, the servant relaxed a little.The housekeeper has not finished saying, "there are still some assassins who want to assassinate my brother Qing. I remember that there are 18 assassins in total. Eight of them were sent to the government. Ten of them died in his hands because they refused to disclose who was behind them." 

Servant "..." 

Housekeeper "there are several merchants who sent people to assassinate qingge'er. What impresses me most is one of them. He tied him to the street and died alive and late. That scream." 

Servant "..." 

The housekeeper broke his fingers and said, "I vaguely remember that it seems that elder brother Qing went out to send porridge. When he met someone who was not kind to him, Jiang bieyu started to deal with it. After all, there are about a dozen people. I haven't seen them with my own eyes, but I heard that they all died miserably." 

In fact, he didn't know much about it. He only knew that it was brother Qing who went out to give porridge. When he saw a shady place in the woods, he went in and had a rest. As a result, he met some gangsters who were not clean about their young master and wanted to do something. 

Jiang bieyu heard the news outside and went in directly. 

I took out the young master first. 

Another man went in. 

When we come out again, we will let others in to collect the corpses of those people. 

Although it is true that those people should be killed, most people will choose to go to the government or something like this. 

But when we arrived at Jiang bieyu, he killed him directly. 

It's no wonder that people in Manchu are afraid of him. 

But now, after all, the housekeeper is not so afraid of Jiang bieyu. 

It's all for Qingge. 

Their master is such a single seedling, of course, we should take care of it. 

Moreover, Jiang bieyu is not so inhumane. 

He added, "although you said that your boss killed a lot of people, those people were the ones who should be killed. You don't have to be afraid. In fact, he was very considerate. In the evening, he asked someone to shut up the business and didn't disturb the people around to sleep. Is it very considerate?" 

Servant "..." 

The servant's legs were already shaking. 

He cautiously wiped the sweat on his head, "tube, housekeeper, can the small one not go? If you want me to do something else, I'm not afraid of hardship or tiredness. " 

Housekeeper "you think well, there was a man in the protection team who wanted to go out. If you want to go out, you should fight with him first. Finally, the man was beaten on his knees, crying and crying to stay in the protection team." 

He said, looking up and down at the servant, shaking his head, tut tut voice, "I don't think you can beat him." 

The servant was about to cry. 

He just sold himself and came to make money to marry his wife. 

As a result, how can we get to the bottom of people who kill people without blinking an eye. 

Want to go home. 

Sobbing, sobbing. 

Jiang bieyu on the other side did not know that the servant was collapsing because of his existence. 

But even if he knew, he didn't feel much at the bottom of his heart. 

No, there are still some. 

He will be more happy. 

After all, what Shi Qing likes is not just his fierce appearance. If he has a fierce face for nothing, but a weak temper, he will soon lose interest. 

It's just. 

All the way silence followed behind the little young master who trotted in front of him. Jiang bieyu's expression was always expressionless, but in his heart there was another look. 

Every time Shi Jia buys a new person, he always controls it. He never buys back the type he likes. 

This time, the buyer changed a manager and mixed in the man just now. 

Although Jiang bieyu can see that this man is not very useful, and he will certainly lose his interest after one day, but he still seems to be covered with a layer of black fog in his heart. 

It's foggy and heavy. 

It's time to leave, he thought. 

In the past two years, Jiang bieyu has not only focused on training the protection team. 

He already had some foundation, and he could have left his family for a long time. 

It's just 

I can't bear it. 

If he left, Shiqing, who had no conscience, would be angry for a while and forget him. 

His temperament, maybe a few days later he began to look around for a fierce looking man to take with him. 

At that time, the young master will ask other people to help him put on clothes and shoes, to coax him to sleep, and to follow him around. 

As long as you think of it, Jiang bieyu's heart seems to have fallen into the molten slurry. 

My hair was scorched. 

He kept his young master for two years. 

In the past two years, Jiang bieyu never let Shi Qing suffer a little. 

For the sake of the time, he usually even if the bottom of his heart anger again heavy, also slowly pressure down. 

But now, others are still here, and Shiqing's eyes look away. 

Jiang bieyu was silent all the time. It was difficult for anyone to see what he was thinking from his expressionless face. 

Waiting for Shi Qing to come out of Shixi courtyard, he was elated to say that he was overjoyed. He wanted to drink and celebrate!Because it's cold outside, I drink in the house. 

If you don't want to sit in the house for a while, don't wave your hands. 

Jiang bieyu silent to come forward, looking at the Qing with that sweet Zizi smile, with chopsticks sandwiched vegetables, handed to his mouth. 

Young master's voice waxy, as if in a coquettish general, "Jiang bieyu, you try this." 

The man must look at the young master in front of him, open his mouth and eat this dish. 

Even in chewing, a pair of eyes are always looking at the clear. 

The young master had been used to his gaze for a long time. He didn't feel anything wrong. He still laughed and asked him, "is it delicious?" 

Men have recovered their magnetic voice in a deep voice in response to "delicious." 

"Eat this again." 

The smile on the young master's face was even bigger. He took a chopstick and handed it to Jiang bieyu's mouth. 

This time, Jiang bieyu did not move. 

The expression on Shi Qing's face gradually changed from happy relaxation to doubt, and then to dissatisfaction. 

He did not move his hand, but slightly frowned, dissatisfied with Jiang bieyu's four eyes 

"what do you do, my hands are sour." 

The young master complains, as if the acid hand is a big thing. 

In fact, it is. 

When the young master of the family, he should be carefully taken care of, a little pain can not be used. 

Jiang bieyu opened his mouth slightly, but this time it was not for eating, but for talking. 

The man's voice is slightly hoarse and obscure, as if with a bitter meaning; 

"Shiqing, why do you feed me?" 

"Why else?" 

The young master blinked his eyes innocently and incomprehensibly. His long eyelashes seemed to brush across the river. 

"I like to feed you." 

Is it like you like feeding cats 

The young master was stunned. 

He looked down at the chopsticks in his hands and Jiang bieyu. His eyebrows wrinkled more and more fiercely. He threw the chopsticks into a rage and became angry. He said, "what's wrong with you? It's very good. Don't eat it!" 

In the past two years, his talent in business has shown, and people in his family are eager to spoil him to heaven. 

The outside world did not dare to offend him. After all, there was a lesson from Jiang's family. The young master of the Shi family, wherever he went, was full of stars, which was better than before. 

As a result, his temper is stronger than it was two years ago. 

Angry young master, angry, absolutely do not eat, suddenly stood up to go to the couch. 

As a result, he just stood up, and his arm was suddenly pulled by Jiang bieyu, who was sitting on the side. Suddenly, he fell into the arms of a man. 

"Well Whoa, whoa 

When Qing suddenly opened his eyes, can't believe to see and their zero distance contact man. 

Sleeping trough! He evolved? 

No. 

According to his plan, Jiang bieyu, who was stimulated, should go to fight in the world. 

Now the two people are still the master of Qing Dynasty. Jiang bieyu is a servant. How dare Jiang bieyu dare not sit in a high position?!! 

Jiang bieyu is really brave. 

The man proved it with his actions. 

He not only evolved, but also advanced. 

In the room, the man put one hand on the boy in his arms, and the other hand fell on his shoulder, which taught Shi Qing a lesson that "even if the first kiss can kiss, there is no backhand power". 

This class vividly illustrates that sometimes, talent is the most important. 

At least Shiqing, the old driver, was confused. 

When the system came out and saw a mosaic, he was startled. Then he heard what the host said. He had seen the mosaic and comforted him that the host had been salivating at him for a long time? This is not just good. 

Shi Qing, what you said is very reasonable, but I can't lose. 

The young master was held back by Jiang bieyu and couldn't walk. He tossed and tossed in the man's arms, kicking his legs and hitting his back with his hands. 

"No, no, no!! Let go 

Jiang bieyu's ear is Shi Qing's angry silence. 

He could also see the young master looking at his sight. He did not know whether it was due to lack of oxygen or other reasons. His white face was dyed red at the moment. 

Looking at Jiang bieyu, her beautiful eyes are full of anger. 

Yes, he should be angry. 

If you are forced by your pet, you must be angry. 

Jiang BIE Yu's heart sank into a piece, more and more arrogant to take the oxygen from the young master's mouth. 

When forced, Shiqing can only gasp and breathe when being let go. 

Young master's cheek is red, with a big breath, chest is also in violent ups and downs. 

Only a pair of beautiful eyes, angry and angry stare at Jiang bieyu.He held out his hand and pointed at Jiang bieyu angrily 

Jiang BIE Yu does not dodge, but looks at the young master in front of him. 

Suddenly asked, "in the past two years, you don't know where I am. I only ask you, since I like it so much, why never do the last step." 

Shiqing, of course, was because I was not 18 years old before. 

Of course, he can't tell Jiang bieyu that. 

Jiang bieyu did not listen to him. 

In front of this always respectful man, after two years, finally can not help. 

He raised the corner of his lips, showing a sarcastic smile, "because you like it, just for a pet, who will do the most intimate thing with the pet?" 

"Shiqing, I know you don't like me." 

Shiqing, I can see it. 

Jiang bieyu's eyes and tail are red. At this moment, he is really like a living Yama. 

He squeezed out another sentence from his teeth, "but you don't look up to me. Why do you provoke me?" 

The man grabbed the little young master's slender wrist and held him up directly. Regardless of the man in his arms, he kicked his legs and struggled. He turned around and gently put the man on the couch. 

Even now, he still remembers that his movements were gentle and did not hurt the young master. 

"Jiang bieyu, what do you do, dare you!" 

The young master was obviously flustered. He pretended not to be afraid of yelling, while subconsciously retreating. 

Jiang bieyu tore off a curtain beside the bed, and slowly stepped forward, holding the struggling young master with one hand and wrapping the curtain around his eyes. 

Shiqing can not see, can only feel a man holding his wrist, the other hand protecting his back. 

Then he felt the warmth on his forehead. 

The man's voice was hoarse. "You're right, I dare not." 

Just look at the clear eyes of the youth, can let him beat back those should not have the idea. 

"So, I wronged you, I covered my eyes, come to such a bad time." 

When Qing cooperates with the shaking body. 

The system is still trying to give him a boost, the host refueling!! You can't lose! 

Time clear yo yo yo yo!!! That's a foul. Let him do it!! 

System 

It still overestimates the host's bottom line. 

The system went back in silence. 

But when the time is clear, the bottom of my heart is full of joy. 

As the saying goes, if you don't break out in silence, you will die in silence. 

Jiang bieyu is different. 

He was silent for a long time. He was abnormal.





 The Qing Dynasty now faced three choices. 

A strong struggle brought in all the people outside. 

If you don't struggle, you can enjoy yourself. 

Three to refuse to return to welcome, pretending to struggle, but in fact deliberately led Jiang bieyu to continue. 

You don't have to think about these three options. 

Shi Qing was such an upright man, of course, he chose three. 

As a result, when he was bound by his eyes and his hands and wrists were firmly grasped by Jiang bieyu, the young master seemed to be flustered. He kept kicking his legs in the dark, and asked in a flurry with an unstoppable tremor, "what do you mean by that?" 

"What do you mean?" 

The man's magnetism is low, and with a full of suppressed voice rings in his ear. 

The next second, a hot air fell on the young master's ear lobe. 

White earlobe is almost immediately in such a provocation to turn into a delicate drop of red. 

Jiang bieyu a pair of eyes fixed on looking at bound eyes, nothing to see, can only helplessly show panic on the face of the young master, eyes revealed the extreme tenderness. 

If anyone saw his eyes at the moment, he would think that he was crazy. 

Because the emotion in his eyes seems to be split into two people. 

One looked at the young master, gentle and full of pity. 

Another is also looking at the young master, but full of possessive desire and thick mania. 

He gently breathed a breath in Shiqing's ear and looked at the prey in his arms. His face was red and deep, and his eyes showed satisfaction. 

The man's voice dropped again, as if his lover whispered in the middle of the night 

"Do you tremble so much that you are afraid that I will hurt you?" 

Jiang bieyu seems to feel that such a time Qing is very cute, and low smile out of the sound. 

When Qing can clearly feel that the man's hand fell on his back, as if counting his spine. 

His hands were light and soft, which made him itchy and wanted to move. The whole person was imprisoned and could not move. 

The young master was so blindfolded, his body trembled slightly, pretending to be cruel 

"do you dare?" 

"Jiang bieyu, I think you are spoiled by me. I'm afraid you forget what you were when you first arrived at my young master's side. At that time, the 100 whip did not soften your bones! If you dare to be presumptuous, there will be more than a hundred whips! " 

Jiang bieyu's hands stopped when he fell on the spine. 

He dropped his eyes slightly and looked at the young master who had no strength to backhand in his arms. 

Shi Qingxu felt that he had been pasted, and his blindfolded face showed his familiar arrogance and pride again. He snorted coldly 

"if you don't want to die, you can let me loose now. I can still look at the past affection and don't kill you." 

"Do you like whips?" 

In the dark, the man holding him asked. 

The young master didn't know what he was asking for. He only vaguely sensed something wrong with the atmosphere. He bit his lips and did not respond. 

He didn't answer, and Jiang bieyu didn't mind. 

The man only slowly pulled down another curtain. 

Tear! 

He was so strong that he could not resist the curtain which only valued good-looking and was torn down directly. 

Jiang bieyu was in such a good mood and slowly tied up the young master's hands with the curtain. 

This action made his body tense for a moment when he was already in fear. 

Soft waxy voice also took a trace of weak fear, "Jiang bieyu, what do you do, you let me go, Jiang bieyu!" 

"Don't be afraid." 

The man's voice is very gentle, tied, he also slightly bent over, in the corner of young master's lips under a completely pure point. 

"I just want to free my hands. After all, you are not good. What if you don't tie it up and run away while I'm looking for something?" 

The young master recoiled in fear and thought of something. He turned his face in indignation and said, "don't kiss me!" 

Jiang bieyu's tone was almost spoiled. He even held out his hand and touched Shi Qing's head. He comforted him by saying, "well, if brother qinger doesn't let me kiss, I won't do it." 

The young master avoided his hand with hatred. 

Tear! 

Jiang bieyu tore off another curtain and tied his ankles together. 

Now, Shi Qing is really difficult to fly. 

In the young master can not see now, the man stood beside the couch, eyes heavy looking at him that because of his own request and the color of the lips. 

He slowly pulled the veil out of his arms. 

It was given to him by Shiqing and embroidered with a vivid fat cat. 

Young master's taste is always so different, people are embroidered with plum, orchid, bamboo, chrysanthemum, flowers and landscape.He was the only one who liked to have cats embroidered on the handkerchief. 

The whole Shijia, and even the whole Hecheng, only Jiang bieyu was given a handkerchief by him. 

Jiang BIE Yu looks at the handkerchief. 

It's made of very good materials, and it's soft on the hand. Since he got it, he hasn't used it once. He has always kept it carefully in his arms. 

Clean and soft. 

It's a good material for plugging. 

But standing there with this handkerchief, Jiang bieyu has never been able to come forward and plug it into Qingkou. 

It's not to give up. 

I don't want to. 

He put the veil back in his arms. 

"Brother Qing." 

The man's tone was very gentle, as if he was afraid to frighten the young master. "You know, what I have done to you today is enough for me to die a hundred times." 

"Don't let me go, you know!" 

The young master was angry that he was tied up and couldn't move. He lay on his side on the bed and twisted his body reluctantly 

"Yes, I'm crazy." 

Jiang bieyu walks in the house. 

He has lived here for two years, and no one knows better than him where all the young master's things are. 

So, very smoothly, he found the whip. 

- bang! 

There was a bell on the handle of the whip. 

With the man's heavy whip, accompanied by the sound of the bell, the whip resounding to the ground. 

Shiqing is ready to go to the road. Come on. 

Jiang bieyu gently touched the whip and said, "at the beginning, brother Qing beat me with this whip." 

After the fight, he was taken back to his home. 

Here, after watching for two years and guarding for two years, I am willing to be a dog of Shiqing. 

But, after all, he is human. 

If he didn't have the wrong idea of the time Qing, he did. 

He is the most loyal dog in Shiqing. 

Shi Qing likes his loyalty, but he can't have feelings for his pet anyway. 

- bang! 

The whip fell on the ground again, and with the sound of clear bells, it was introduced into the ears of Shiqing on the bed. 

This is his favorite whip. How can the young master not recognize the sound. 

His face turned white and he recoiled in horror. 

The voice, also trembling more and more fierce 

"Jiang bieyu, what do you want to do?" 

The man went to the front, in the little young master flustered back, handed the handle of the whip to his bound hand. 

"Brother Qing, I know that you will be very angry about today's affairs. As long as you are not angry, you can whip me as many times as you want." 

Shi Qing 

He never thought of it. 

Jiang bieyu tied him up and went to get the whip. 

Then tell him that the whip is for him to beat himself?? 

Sure enough, this guy has a bad head. 

He would like to teach Jiang Yu to have a pleasant bed exercise, but he couldn't break up the equipment. He could only grin his teeth and grin his teeth with a ferocious look 

He is so abnormal today that he looks like a snake spirit. The young master hides behind in a panic. However, this is on the bed. Where can he hide again. 

He was so blindfolded, kicking and kicking, "are you crazy! I'm tied up to let me hit you! " 

When the man was kicked, he stretched out his hand and held the young master's slender ankle. He gently untied the rope above. 

"Yes, you can't hit me now. I know you are angry. You think I lied to you. Brother Qing, don't be angry. I know it's wrong, but I won't change it." 

The rope fell on the bed. As soon as the young master was free, he immediately went to kick his face. 

Jiang bieyu just sat there and let him vent his anger. 

He put the whip aside, regardless of the struggle of the time, and imprisoned people in his arms. 

Little by little, he untied the clothes he had untied countless times. 

But this time, he will not stop when he arrives at the middle coat. 

Exquisite and luxurious clothes fell on the couch one by one. 

The man's voice is low and hoarse, with pain and madness 

"brother Qing, there are many people outside. As long as you shout, they will rush in immediately." 

Young master was reminded, a happy, open mouth will shout. 

Jiang bieyu continued: "if you shout, if they come in and see this scene, they will surely save you immediately, and I will not resist. They will allow them to take me out. The following criminals, as servants, have a wrong mind on the master. My end, at least, is a random stick."He felt that his body was stiff in his arms, his hands were still gentle, and his lips were still with a wry smile 

"you know how much the master and Mrs. Shi attach to you, and then no one can stop me from dying." 

The tunic was thrown to the ground. 

The curtain, which was torn and scattered, seemed to cover the scene on the bed, as if it had not. 

Can only hear a man's hoarse and obscure voice 

"my life, in your hands." 

Time passed, curtain, after all, no sound. 

Jiang BIE Yu Yuan is full of dark eyes, with the silence of time Qing, a little bit of the light. 

He couldn't believe it and looked at the people in front of him full of hope. 

The young master was still blindfolded. Naturally, he could not look at him. On his angry white face, he did not open his mouth for help. 

"Brother Qing..." 

The man took hold of him and slowly led him down. 

He was fascinated and happy to hold the young master's slender ankle. 

At the moment, there is no need to say more. 

"If you really dare to do anything to me, I'll send someone to beat you with 500 lashes. I'll make you throw you into the river to feed the fish. I also want, I'll use a soldering iron to brand the mark of cheap slaves on your face, You can't raise your head all your life... " 

Jiang BIE Yu Chong ears do not hear, slender hands all the way up. 

The young master is more and more flustered. 

He said more and more vicious words: "Jiang bieyu, you dare, I castrate you!" 

"If you dare to go further, I will let you not see the sun tomorrow. I will hang you on the wall, so that everyone who comes in can see you. If you die, don't think of peace!" 

But that soft waxy voice scolded words no matter how much, but also did not raise the voice to call for help. 

The man continues his movements without being affected. 

Finally, when his hand fell into the forbidden area, he heard the little young master's unbearable angry voice 

"Jiang bieyu 

Even if blindfolded, even if his hands were tied, he was still so proud. 

Lift your chin and blush face with determination 

"you dare not." 

"If you don't want to die, you stop for me, and I won't pursue it." 

Man's hand, but directly fell. 

He looked at the unbelievable young master with a blank face, and his eyes were full of tenderness. 

Slowly, lean down to 

"brother Qing, you don't want me to die, I know that." 

"Nonsense!" 

The young master panted a little, but he still refused to admit defeat. His body was trembling, but he still insisted on biting his teeth. I wish I could make you such an evil slave get cramped, eat your meat, chew your bones and drink your blood 

"That would be fine." 

Clearly, Qing said harshly, but the man's face showed a look of yearning, slightly raised the corner of his lips, the tone is still gentle, as if to drip water 

"if you really do, then I can stay in your body forever, and will not be separated from you again." 

The young master was stunned and could not speak. 

The enemy is too abnormal and spoiled. He can't cope with it. 

Seeing that he didn't speak, Jiang bieyu did not speak, so he continued his action. 

At the beginning, the young master was still patient and could not bear to bear it. He suddenly turned his face over his face. 

"Jiang bieyu, don't think I really want you to die. You are just one of my servants. If you want as many as you want, I will call people immediately!" 

Jiang bieyu did not speak. 

He followed his own set of people, silent in the abnormal. 

In the curtain, only the soft and sticky voice of Shiqing was left. 

"Dare you 

"Let me go 

"Get out of here, get out of here!" 

"Jiang bieyu, I will kill you, I must kill you!" 

After a while, the middle breath voice turned into weak panting. 

"I want to kill you, I must kill you, you Oh!! Jiang bieyu!! You're dead!! You're dead, jiangbie Oh 

But no matter how ferocious he yelled, he did not raise his voice and shout a word, so as to attract people from outside to come in and really killed the servant who dared to commit the following crimes. 

After that, the young master's fierce and soft milk cat was only left in pieces, which could not be adjusted into a tune or a sentence. 

Outside, the women were sitting in the porch, warming and sewing. 

A girl looked up at the closed door and held her chin in depression. She complained, "I really don't know why qingge'er likes Jiang bieyu so much. He's so ferocious. I feel weak legs even when I look at him. Qingge'er likes drinking with him."The woman sitting next to her is steady and gentle, and is threading the needle. Hearing her saying this, she laughs and says, "you just came here. You don't know that it's normal. Although Jiang bieyu is fierce, he is loyal. He didn't know how many times he had been assassinated in the past two years. Jiang bieyu was the only one to meet him When it's dangerous, you'll do it. " 

"I can't blame qingge'er for liking him. Who doesn't love such a loyal servant?" 

The women all agreed with a few words, and then got together along with the topic and began to say how ferocious Jiang bieyu was to the outside world. To them, Qing Ge'er was more obedient than cat'er. 

The snow began to fall again. Some snowflakes drifted to the corridor along the wind, but they never got into the door and window. 

A woman got up uneasily and looked at the door and window of the house. Seeing that the door and window were closed tightly, she would not let the cold wind blow in, and the young master was relieved. 

Just ready to leave, but as if heard a fragile with a sob. 

"Well?" 

She stood still in doubt and looked around strangely. 

"Yao'er, what are you doing? Don't disturb qingge'er. He doesn't like to hear people's noise when he drinks. " 

There was a girl standing up in the corridor to remind her from a distance. 

The girl answered and came over with her skirt 

They worked together in the porch, but they didn't feel cold. On the contrary, they all got together and were very relaxed. 

Just let the women feel puzzled is, today Qing elder brother son drinks time also too long. 

But Shi Qing's temperament and character are known to all the people in the mansion. He said that he would not disturb them, and they did not dare to ask. 

In addition, there is a river left in the house. 

Although we all know that Jiang bieyu is loyal to Qing brother-in-law, this man is really frightening. All the women don't show up on their faces. In fact, they are afraid of him. 

On weekdays, when they saw it from afar, they were careful to avoid walking. Now that he is in the room, they naturally dare not go in and ask. 

So, when the snow stopped, no one dared to go into the house to see the scene inside. 

Until I heard a heavy sound inside, the sound of heavy objects landing, very crisp, like a vase fell. 

Bang! 

This voice is too loud, the women are not at ease, sent a person to the door, soft voice asked "Qingge er? What's the matter? " 

It was quiet inside, and then came the young master's voice with anger: "nothing, I'll teach people, I don't spread it, you don't come in." 

"Yes." 

Through the door Fu, the woman turned back to the porch. 

"Brother Qing seems to be teaching Jiang bieyu a lesson." 

"Ah? Really? Qing Ge'er always liked him best. How could he teach him a lesson? " 

The woman shook her head. "I don't know. I just heard that the elder brother was very angry. Her voice seemed to be hoarse." 

After listening to this, the women all discussed softly 

"I'm afraid that's really angry. What's the matter with the noise? Is it Jiang bieyu who has been kicked? " 

"But hit him? The elder brother of Qing Dynasty has never beaten anyone in the mansion, so he can't really fight Jiang bieyu, right 

"I don't know what kind of fault he has made. A tolerant man like Qingge can teach people a lesson." 

"I think that qingge'er is just bluffing him. Qing Ge'er is lazy on weekdays. He has to pass an orange to his mouth. How can he beat people by himself?" 

All the women felt it was right and laughed. 

- bang! 

Inside the house, Jiang bieyu stood among the broken vases on the ground, letting the young master swing at him with a whip. 

But I don't know whether it was Shiqing who was out of strength, or something else. The whip fell on him, but only on the ground. 

He has taken off the blindfold curtain, a pair of beautiful eyes are still faintly flashing tears, the end of the eyes is also red, voice is hoarse because of the previous cry 

"Jiang bieyu, in addition to the first 100 whip, I know where to blame you, you want to humiliate me like this 

The man was silent, his throat was rolling up and down, he moved his body slowly, his knees fell to the ground, and he knelt in the debris. 

The fragments of the vase were there. As soon as he knelt down, there was a spot on his leg that was red. 

It was obviously cut by debris. 

- bang! 

Young master is a whip past. 

It's just still not hitting him. 

When the clear hoarse voice, but also with some nasal, "you speak to me!" 

"It's not an insult." 

Jiang bieyu raised his eyes and did not dodge to face the four eyes of the time and Qing Dynasty. The magnetic voice was calm 

"I adore you." 

The young master immediately stares round eyes. 

He was too shocked, just can barely hold the momentum immediately scattered clean, stammered again "you, you adore me?"Then he quickly responded, "bah! You humble servant, how dare you adore me!! I don't think you want to die! " 

Obviously, he forgot that at first he wanted someone to be his pet. 

Again, he gave a kiss on the cheek. 

In the end, it was him who took Jiang bieyu every day and night to face each other. In addition to the last step, he connived at each other to do a clean job. 

The man's reaction to him was no surprise. 

He had seen that for a long time, Shi qingben had such a disposition. 

He is fond of the new and dislikes the old, has a strong desire for possession, and is quite reasonable. After doing everything, he still feels that he has not done anything. 

He did not blame Shiqing, only slightly dark eyes, looking at the front of the disorderly jacket, but because of unskilled and exposed the red mark on the shoulder of the young master. 

"I know, I don't deserve it." 

His attitude of knowing his mistake made Shiqing look better. He shook his whip and snorted coldly 

"it's good to know that he's wrong. Tell me how I'll punish you." 

With a look of disdain, he touched his cheek. "A servant dare to say that he adores me and dare to do such things to me Hiss 

The young master moved his body and touched the pain. His face was blue and white again. He finally recovered. Seeing Jiang bieyu Zheng looking at himself with concern, he immediately turned to him and pointed at him and scolded him! It's not you yet!! Get out of my way and get the board 

Jiang BIE Yu Shun stood up. 

Step by step, I came to Shi Qing. 

With a timid look on his face, he opened his mouth and clenched his fist slightly 

He did so much, but he didn't want Shiqing to forget him. 

Now he committed the following crimes, I am afraid that he was really killed in battle. 

In this life, I'm afraid his elder brother can't forget him. 

With this sentence, the man immediately turned out and strode as if he had run away, and did not dare to turn back. 

As if afraid of their own a turn back, they will not be willing to leave. 

Ding! Jiang bieyu's rejection degree is 6 out of 100 

Shi Qing waits for him to leave and calls his wife to come. He doesn't go to explain why they went out once and the house became a mess, even the curtains were made into such a mess, so he only bathed and changed clothes by himself. 

In the evening, when the young master asked Jiang bieyu to wait on him, the servant carefully reported to him. 

After Jiang bieyu took his fifty boards, he left the house. 

So far, it has not returned. 

The young master was so angry that he smashed the restored house thoroughly. 

I don't know that when he smashed the house, the man who left was watching him quietly in the bamboo forest. 

After confirming that he had nothing to do with it, Jiang bieyu turned around and left. 

In his hand, he still held tightly the silk embroidered with cat. 

He drooped his eyes and pursed his lips. 

Although Shi Qing regarded him as a pet, he was always very good to him. 

He It's a scum. 

But he never regrets. 

And he did not know that he had just turned around, and when Qing was frightened by his attack, she turned her head and looked at the figure. 

Tut, look at his lost little appearance, ah, all, I'm really a scum. 

Hee hee hee, but I don't regret it. 

How cool to be scum!





 In the autumn of another year, early in the morning, the soldiers guarding the gate of Hecheng opened the gate. The peddlers who had been guarding the gate of Hecheng immediately met them. After paying the money for entering the city, they all strode in quickly, as if they would lose money at a slower pace. 

The soldiers guarding the city are not surprised to see the peddlers running faster than flying one by one. 

Hecheng is very famous in recent years. Who knows that when he settled down here in the south of the Yangtze River, many new things were produced, which attracted many merchants to buy and sell them to all parts of the country. 

Therefore, in recent years, Hecheng has the largest number of merchants. 

It's strange that a lot of businessmen have come to pay for their lives early. 

Those businessmen who came to Hecheng for the first time were different. They looked at the back of those peddlers with strange eyes. They didn't know what kind of running they were. 

A young businessman paid the money, and then took out an extra silver or two and handed it to the garrison. "This big brother, it's windy recently. Take this money to buy wine." 

The garrison took the money, and his business attitude immediately became enthusiastic at the speed visible to the naked eye. He put the silver in his arms and said with gratitude and smile, "thank you very much." 

Seeing that he had collected money, the businessman asked, "brother, why are these people running so fast? Is there any reason for that? " 

Naturally, he paid to ask questions not only because of curiosity, but also because he had just come to a boundary. Now the world is in chaos, and everywhere is in a mess. The imperial court alone is almost a few cities worshipping an imperial court, and there are mountain bandits everywhere. When doing business, if he meets a Shanzhai imperial court, it will be almost impossible to save his life. 

Now I've just arrived in Hecheng. Although I've heard that Hecheng is very safe, I still need to ask clearly for my life. 

It was not the first time that the garrison heard such a question. Because the businessman gave money, he explained in a friendly manner that it was nothing. It was just that Shijia opened a super market in the city, which occupied a large area. These vegetables, sugar gourd and wood were sold. In any case, as long as they were selling things, they could get one after paying money A stall. " 

"Because you can get a stall for only one Wen, and you can get shelter. In addition, the people in Hecheng know that there are all kinds of goods sold in this super market. The price is cheap, and there are many people coming. Basically, you can sell a lot of goods in a day by setting up a stall here. Because many vendors want to buy a stall, they run so fast, but they are afraid that they will not be able to get a place. ”

young businessmen suddenly realize that "it is." 

He thought about it for a while, but he couldn't help but wonder, "a penny is not worth any money. Even if it's a few hundred people, it's only a few hundred Wen a day. It's nothing to the Shi family. Why does the Shi family do this?" 

"You don't know." 

The city guards were full of pride. "Master Shiqing is in charge of Shijia now. He is a great good man and has always been considered for the common people. The super market he established can block the sun in summer and snow in winter. In the past, those peddlers were selling takeout. Which one of them was not tanned in summer or frozen in winter Now, if you pay a penny, you can be protected. You don't have to suffer heavy rain and cold wind. Besides, it's more convenient for the residents to buy things than ever before. " 

He boasted for a long time, and the pride on his face was overflowing, and his back was even more straight. 

"such kind deeds are not what ordinary people can do." 

The young businessman nodded. 

Indeed, a few hundred Wen a day was not worth the effort of the family at that time. 

But if it's for the people, it makes sense. 

He immediately yearned for this young master of Shijia who cared for the common people. He could not help but exclaimed, "I heard a lot of young master's rumors when I was in Jiangcheng before. I was lucky to buy the beauty porcelain and thousand year old wine he made with others. They are really extraordinary." 

The city guards were also proud of "nature, everything that comes out of the house is exquisite!" 

The young businessman also said, "I heard that he also invited famous teachers and great Confucians to set up a school in Hecheng. As long as the students who passed the examination could enter the school without charge, and the family would also distribute food and clothing free of charge." 

As soon as this incident spread out, almost all the poor families in every city, but the students who were determined to learn all rushed to Hecheng. 

Fortunately, when the family was rich, the school was also large, prosperous under a lot of people. 

That's not the kind of tragedy that people can't live in. 

But so many people, as long as the entrance examination, clothing, food, housing and transportation, that can be all the time family money. 

And they don't only support this group. They recruit students every year. 

I heard that there was a library in the school, which was collected and put in by the time family. 

There are more than ten thousand books in it. As long as the students are in the school, they can borrow the books for free without spending any money. 

It doesn't cost a cent. 

The whole Hecheng, no, and even the whole country, apart from the Shi family, who can do such kind deeds.After hearing this, the young businessman always yearned for Shi Qing and felt that he must be a good man with the world in mind. 

"That's not true." 

The spirit of the city guards got up. "This is all advocated by the young master. There is no money for food and accommodation. It is said that it is to let the students pass on the knowledge. I, a rude man, don't understand this, but I know that when the young master is willing to do so, he must be a good man!" 

The young businessman nodded his head and looked up to the sky. He asked, "brother, are you related to the time family?" 

Otherwise, how to boast about Shiqing? He is so proud. 

"When my brother-in-law is at home for two months, it's very nice to see my cousin's eyes when he is in the second month of May." 

The garrison said ostentatiously, and then asked the young businessman, "I think you have been inquiring about the affairs of Shijia. You are like those people who want to join Shijia and be registered under the chamber of Commerce of the young master of Shi?" 

"Chamber of Commerce?" 

"You don't know about it. It was founded only two months ago. I guess the news hasn't spread out yet." 

Because he was also related to the Shi family, the garrison was in a good mood and patiently explained, "my relative told me that the so-called chamber of commerce is that the Shi family takes the lead and then allows other businessmen to join in. After joining, the chamber of Commerce will help each other to solve problems in business, and they can also trade with each other." 

"Many businessmen want to join even after they have broken their heads. But Mr. Shi said that he only needs those businessmen who are sincere in doing business and don't cheat others. Ah, our young master has such a principle." 

The young businessman nodded, and the yearning in his eyes became more serious. 

"It's very principled indeed. He deserves it." 

"Childe, if you want to join the chamber of Commerce and don't know how to get there, you can wait a moment. I've been standing here for three hours, and someone will replace me soon. Then, I can take you there." 

Of course he was not kind. 

I just saw that the young man was very good-natured, well dressed and generous. He could give him one or two silver just by asking. If he was to lead the way, would he not give more. 

In any case, his family lives near the chamber of Commerce and is on the way. He doesn't make money for nothing. 

But the young businessman shook his head. "No, no, no, I don't want to join the chamber of Commerce, but I'm close to my family and want to visit." 

"A relative?" 

The Garrison's face immediately showed a look of "I know it." if there's any kind of good sister between my grandmother and my grandmother, or if they are all related by their surnames, I'd better advise you not to make a fool of yourself. Since the young master became famous, a person with various names will come to visit in two or three days, and never see the family let people in. " 

The young businessman laughed and didn't explain anything. 

He only asked, "elder brother, I'll give you five Liang silver. Would you like to take me to the gate of Shifu?" 

The Garrison's eyes were shining, and he nodded quickly, "if you want to, I'm willing to!" 

Five Liang silver! 

Don't say let him lead the way, just let him lead the way! 

After a while, he was on duty and took the young businessman to his home. 

When the young merchant left the gate with him, the guards found that although he looked young, he was followed by a lot of people, more than 20 people led the carriage, and there were some carriages behind as if they were holding things. 

After entering the city, young businessmen found that different from other cities, Hecheng was planted with neat trees on both sides of the road. 

The reason is that every tree stands straight, and this row of trees almost stands in a straight line. 

He had never seen such a scene before, but now he saw it for the first time. He felt that such a neat picture really made people feel free. 

A gust of autumn wind blew, the leaves fell on the ground. 

Immediately, some people picked up the leaves and put them in the basket, intending to wait until they were dried and burned as firewood. 

Therefore, although the leaves of these trees fall off severely, the ground is still clean, every leaf. 

He asked, "are these trees?" 

"Oh, these are also sent by the young master." The city guard naturally replied, "our city is windy and sandy, but the young master didn't know where he saw the method. If he planted more trees, he would be able to resist the wind and sand, so he sent people to move these trees." 

After that, he ended up with a sentence that he had said many times: "the young master was really a good man." 

Shijia is almost in the center of Hecheng. 

The wall is also the highest in the surrounding courtyard. Although the gate is open, you can see some people walking around in the clothes of boys. 

It is clearly a business, but it looks more strict than those official families. 

The young businessman was slightly stunned and looked at the garrison, "are these people?""Oh It's nothing. Although Hecheng is not as chaotic as it is outside, when the name of Shi family goes out, there are always some people who don't have long eyes to offend. Therefore, the guards of Shijia are the most among the big families. " 

Along the way, the city guards introduced the big families in the city to the young businessmen with the mentality of "doing things after receiving money". 

After all, most businessmen are new to visit these families. 

If you don't meet, you come to give gifts. If you accidentally encounter these family businesses in business, you won't be ruined directly. 

He introduced it, and finally he mentioned Jiang family. 

"You should pay attention to Shijia when you are in Hecheng. Don't offend the Shi family. The Jiang family was a big family in Hecheng a few years ago. The eldest son of the second master of his family was not sensible. When he married his sister, he didn't treat him well. He annoyed the Shi family. Such a big family was dragged down by the Shi family." 

"Now the Jiang family is declining, even a small family is not as good." 

The young businessman had also heard about it. He didn't think that Shijia had done anything wrong. 

If one's children are insulted, they will naturally seek justice. 

What's more, it was the Jiang family who refused to give and leave the book, so we can't blame the family for using some means. 

It's good to get together and to be scattered. We have to make such a scene. 

He gave silver, thanks to the garrison, in the other side "you are sure to be excluded from the door" of the affirmative line of sight, with people to come forward, hands in the hands of the post in the past. 

When the guard took the invitation, his face immediately showed a respectful look. "It turns out that the young master has arrived. I will take you to see the master." 

After receiving the money, the garrison, who planned to wait until the young childe ran into the wall and asked whether he wanted to lead the way to the inn, was stunned. 

Master Biao?!! 

Is this a relative of the Shi family?! 

He stood in the same place, half ring and suddenly happy! 

That's great. He took the road for the young master of the Shi family. 

Some blow again! 

It's autumn, even if you plant more trees, the wind outside is chilly. 

Shiqing is more and more reluctant to get up. 

For the ladies in his room, it was the most difficult thing to wake up the young master. 

Every day when it's time to get up, a group of women take turns to fight and gently persuade the young master in the bed to 

"brother Qing, it's time to play. Didn't you say yesterday that you would go to the chamber of Commerce today? He also said that we must call you up. " 

"Yes, qingge'er, what do you think I brought? Your favorite sweet scented osmanthus crisp is delicious. Would you like to eat it up?" 

"Brother Qing, the sun is out. Get up quickly." 

Women are all gentle like water, natural voice is also full of gentle, soft, full of exhortation. 

Just listen to the ears of Shiqing, which is almost equivalent to a lullaby. 

The young master closed his eyes and buried himself in the bed, pretending not to hear. 

"Brother Qing, stop making trouble. It's time to get up." 

One of the women took a piece of sweet scented osmanthus cake, handed it to his mouth, and lured, "if you don't get up to eat, I'll eat it." 

Shiqing directly closed his eyes and opened his mouth to bite off a piece. He chewed the sweet scented osmanthus crisp while lifting the quilt. He buried the whole person directly. 

The women looked at each other. 

"What? Qingge'er won't get up again. " 

"Why don't you ask the cat to come here? The cat is stepping on the quilt. Qingge'er will have to get up soon." 

"OK, I'll go and carry the cat." 

With a way, the women went to hold the cat, put the cake put cake. 

In the interior of the room, soon only Shi Qing was left alone. 

Yeah. 

Because of the cold wind and was closed the window was suddenly gently pushed from the outside, a person's quick action directly turned in. 

His feet fell lightly on the ground. He was obviously tall, but he didn't make a sound at all. 

The man silently walked to the bedside and looked down at the young master on the bed who had retracted his whole body under the mattress and only let the soft and soft mattress swell up into a small bulge. 

Suddenly, he stretched his long hand into the quilt and landed on the back neck of the young master who was sleeping. 

"Ah 

He was sleeping soundly, and the young master with a good dream was touched by his big cold hand. It was as if cold water had been poured on him in winter. He jumped up like a rabbit and suddenly lifted the quilt and sat up. 

"What are you doing?" 

He glared at the person in front of him in anger. When his eyes fell on the right side, he was stunned, and then his expression became more angry. He suddenly threw the quilt on the person 

"Jiang bieyu!!! You are going to die 

Jiang bieyu laughs and catches the quilt, and then holds the quilt. The magnetic voice laughs in a low voice, "quickly surround the quilt, don't get wind cold again.""You're not good at ice me?" 

When the Qing side is a ball, but also do not release gas from the ball out of Ji to kick him. 

While kicking, he scolded, "Why are you here again? I've recruited more than 100 people just to protect the courtyard. The inside three floors and the outer three floors surround my yard day and night. Do you grow wings or drill into the ground? Why didn't they kill you?" 

Jiang bieyu held the young master in his arms with his bedding and went to taste the sweet sweet osmanthus crisp in his mouth. 

"if they could stop me, I would not be able to defeat the Acropolis." 

"Don't prick me with stubble. It hurts. It hurts. Take it away." When Qing Qing turned away his face, stretched out his hand, patted one side with one hand, so he patted the man's cold and bearded cheek, and asked him to turn away from himself. 

Jiang bieyu's good temper moved back slightly along his strength. He indulged and indulged in explaining that "after beating down the Acropolis, I wanted to see you directly. After three days' journey, I came to see you before I could wash and change clothes. Next time, I'll come back with a shave." 

"Bah! You still want to have another time, do your spring and autumn dream. I'll recruit another 100 people to guard my yard. When the time comes, two hundred people will guard my yard together. Don't say that you are such a big living person, you can't let a fly in. " 

When Qing slapped on the man's face, soft and powerless, if not for the indignant look on his face, I'm afraid it would be more like touching. 

He should be angry. 

After all, Jiang bieyu is such a shameless person. Although all the people have left, he always finds a chance to come back to meet him every year. 

This guy may know that Shi Qing told his family that he would beat him once, and he would come over the wall every time. 

He took a look at the room with that one, and every time he came out when there was no one. 

After three years, he really took the opportunity to eat young master seven or eight times. 

In addition to some of the advantages, it has come dozens of times. 

Every time he came, he would win a city or swallow some people. 

Because he was afraid that the stubble on his face would prick the young master's delicate skin, Jiang bieyu didn't press down on his fragrance this time. Only the rogue put his cold hands on the quilt when he was on his way. 

On the other hand, he shamelessly said, "my hands are cold, you help me warm." 

"Can't you cook when your hands are cold?! What are you doing with me? Take it off 

However, Jiang bieyu, who had been out fighting for three years, was thick skinned. Quan should not have heard of it. He still put his hand on the heat source. 

Seeing the young master's face full of indignation, he gave up his face and coaxed in a soft voice, "I haven't closed my eyes for three days and two nights, just to see you. Don't despise me. If you don't let me warm, I'm afraid people will freeze to death." 

Sure enough, after he said this, Shi Qing's face was still angry, but his body didn't move much. 

Jiang bieyu's heart is soft. 

He knew that his brother-in-law was repulsive, but in fact, he was still in his heart. 

When Qing pulled the man who was clinging to himself, he asked with a tiger's face, "did you attack the Acropolis again? When did it happen? " 

"Three days ago, the Acropolis was a tough nut to chew. I led the soldiers to surround them for two months before I took them down." 

Jiang bieyu put his head on the young master's shoulder and didn't exert himself. He was like a coquettish dog and rubbed against him. 

"brother Qing, I'll listen to you. I won't hurt the people. I could have taken it if I attacked hard. But I spent two months in my life to avoid hurting the people. You should praise me well." 

Shi Qing was heartless, and snorted coldly, "if you want the world, you need a good reputation. It's good for you not to hurt the people. It's not for me. What should I do to praise you? You should be grateful to me." 

"OK, thank you. I'm grateful to our brother Ching." 

Don't Jiang bieyu come here for such a long time to hold his brother Qing? 

Now holding the soft body in my hand, I can't help but get up. With my strength, I hold the person and fall down. The magnetic voice has been lowered 

"just be grateful in bed." 

"What are you doing, Jiang bieyu, there's someone outside. Get down for me!" 

The little young master was kicking him across the bed. Suddenly, a girl's voice came from outside: "brother Qing, are you awake?" 

When Qing pushed a man who was leaning on himself like a big dog. He was not angry and said, "wake up, don't come in." 

The girl didn't wonder his tone. The young master was angry. If he got up in the morning, his tone was good, it would be strange. 

She said, "the master sent someone to visit you. Now he is waiting in the study. Please get up and meet you." 

"Wang's cousin?" 

The strange thing of the time Qing was to push the river away from Yu. 

Jiang bieyu Shun got up and said, "he is the eldest son of your mother's sister. He is also in business. He is called Wang Zhancheng."The young master looked at him in wonder, "how do you know him so clearly?" 

Jiang bieyu shaved the tip of his nose with a smile. 

"I can remember your relatives' names and live everywhere, so as not to offend them carelessly when fighting outside, and let you remember me and hate me, but don't want to be with me." 

"Who's going to be with you, get out of my way." 

Shi Qing stares at him and comes out of the quilt to find clothes to wear. Jiang bieyu naturally takes the clothes and puts them on for him. 

"I'll go to see him with you," he said 

Young master frowned, "you?" 

Jiang bieyu touched his face and said with a smile, "it doesn't matter. Wang Zhancheng has never seen me. No one knows that I am Jiang bieyu." 

"Hiss." 

"Who doesn't know the prestige of general Jiang, who has won dozens of cities in just three years, and now it's said outside that this world is definitely yours." 

Jiang bieyu gathered together and laughed and deliberately pricked him with stubble. "Yes, the world is mine, but I am yours." 

"Brother Qing, don't forget that I signed a contract of sale." 

I feel a little bit more with such a prick. 

Unfortunately, the time is not right. 

Otherwise, the two will have a good fight. 

So Wang Zhancheng saw in his study not only his jade brother, but also a fierce man with a cold face, who looked as if his good things had been interrupted. 

When he knew that the other side was a boy, he thought, "my cousin is Niu PI, and there is such a powerful person to be a boy", he said his various yearning feelings at the same time. 

"Well? Super market? " 

"I have a shop there, too. First attract the merchants with low rent. If there are more merchants, there will be more people. If there are more people, my shop can make more money." 

Wang Zhancheng, who thought that Shiqing was a special shelter for those peddlers 

He " I see. But cousin, you open a school free of charge, invite students from Guangzhou University, and you also include food and accommodation. This is a good deed 

"It's exactly what my cousin said." 

"But even though it's a good thing, I can't let myself suffer. Before I opened the school, I contracted all the land around the school and built a lot of houses." 

Wang Zhancheng couldn't understand "building a house?" 

Young master complacent smile "cousin, do you know, School District Housing? "

Wang Zhancheng" School District Housing? " 

"The house built around the school is often more expensive than the normal house. Because it is close to the school, many people will buy it for convenience. In this way, the house price will naturally go up. This is the school district house." 

"Young master" this school has made a reputation. Not only the poor students but also the children of the rich families who come to the great Confucians and the library are not willing to live in the school. At this time, the school district houses I built earlier can sell at a high price. They don't care about the money. As long as they live nearby, they can sell the money for five houses It has been the school's expenditure for a whole year. After calculation, I have made a lot of money. In addition to those shops, I really can't make a profit 

Wang Zhancheng "..." 

Shi Qing was a little puzzled and continued with a little pride, "but is that what the outside world says about me? Well, sure enough, everyone knows the nature of my kindness. " 

Jiang bieyu looked at the young master gently and said, "yes, our brother Qing is so kind." 

Wang Zhancheng "..." 

He looked at his proud cousin, who was totally different from what he imagined to be a warm jade for the country and the people. 

Take a look at that obviously fierce but gentle eyes, open eyes to lie to coax his cousin strange man. 

At the bottom of my heart, there are only question marks on the screen. 

Always feel that It was a mistake to come home.





 Since Shi Qing took over the business of Shijia, he has been playing invincible all over the world. His former friends still maintain the same dandy people, so he has made a lot of money. He can't find anyone to show off. 

Now it's rare to have a cousin Wang Zhancheng. The young master is so excited that he keeps talking. 

Wang Zhancheng is still immersed in the loss of the broken idol filter. 

Until a sharp sight called him out of his mind. 

He unconsciously shuddered and looked up strangely. He found that the boy who followed his little cousin was looking at himself. 

The boy was tall and handsome, but his face was cold and hard. He came out with a fierce look. His eyes were light, and he was looking at him coldly. 

If the eyes could be turned into knives, I'm afraid he would have lost ten thousand blades. 

Wang Zhancheng shivered again. 

Now he doesn't care about the filter, and the rags are broken. Because of the inexplicable sense of crisis rising from the bottom of his heart, he carefully carries a corner of his sleeve and carefully takes his cousin's excited hand holding his arm down. 

With the time Qing's hand no longer grasps him, that cold sharp line of sight really slightly reduced some. 

Wang Zhancheng was relieved. 

"Cousin, you've come to Hecheng, but I'm familiar with it and have a lot of fun. When I've had dinner in a while, I'll take you out and have a good look." 

Said, he patted his chest again "cousin can rest assured, today I don't do anything, just accompany my cousin." 

With the fall of this sentence, Wang Zhancheng's sharp sight which had been let go of him suddenly returned to him. 

And this time it seemed more fierce, it was as if someone was sharpening his knife with a big knife. 

Wang Zhancheng "..." 

He couldn't figure out what the situation was. He could only gulp down his mouth and squeeze out a dry smile on his face. "Thank you, cousin, but I'm so tired that I want to have a rest first." 

He is the guest, the guest says to want to have a rest, when Qing this does host also is not good to drag others to go shopping by force. 

Young master can only face regret that, since cousin you want to rest, then I will arrange the best room for you and so on. 

Wang Zhancheng went to settle down with his servants. 

In the study, only Jiang BIE and Yu Shiqing were left. Originally, they stood in the same place respectfully, and a loyal servant man immediately removed his disguise. 

Step forward, from the back will be clear in the arms. 

Jiang bieyu's voice is low and deep, magnetic and pleasant to hear. He knows that Shi Qing is not only a Yan control but also a voice control. In front of the young master, he has been deliberately showing his charm. 

"Brother Qing, you are really cruel. I've been driving for such a long time just to see you. As a result, you have to leave me and accompany your insignificant cousin." 

Shi Qing made a move but didn't open it. He raised his foot and stepped on Jiang bieyu's boots. 

"Don't be like this all the time. Someone will come in soon." 

Jiang bieyu kisses the young master's hair and comforts him: "don't worry, no one will come in." 

The young master immediately looked back at him with vigilance, "have you put someone in my house again?" 

The man took the opportunity to slightly bow his head and touched the tip of his nose. "It's not peaceful in Hecheng recently. I don't trust you." 

"Pooh!" 

Shiqing pushed him, but he didn't push it away. He was even more angry. "It's not because of you. In the past three years, you've been fighting here and there, which has made my business bad. I don't know how much money I've lost." 

"Brother Qing wronged me." 

Jiang bieyu coaxed, "I've never moved Hecheng in the past three years. I just wish I could take a detour, that is, I'm afraid to hurt my family. As for your business, every time you win a new city, I always tell you not to touch the common people and major shops." 

While talking in a low voice, he took advantage of the young master's listening to himself, quietly holding the man in his arms and leaning on the couch where the study used to rest. 

"The city of Hesheng is chaotic. It's just that the prince's deadline is coming, and his sons are fighting." 

Since Shiqing took over the business of Shijia, the reputation of Shijia has spread to many places. 

The whole world knows that his family had a turning stone into gold and his hand was clear. How could the native people of Hecheng not know. 

In such a troubled time, such as the Shi family, a family with no power and no soldiers in one side of the hand, would not have been able to survive without Jiang bieyu's three-year efforts to smooth out all kinds of covetous people. 

But he can cut off the claws of the outside world, but he can't control the people in Hecheng. 

The prince was dying, and his sons, in order to fight for power and gain, all put their ideas on Shi's family. 

After all, if you have the strong financial support of Shijia, the winning rate will be more than one and a half points. 

In such a struggle, it is impossible for Shijia to have no accident.Although Jiang bieyu knew that they only wanted financial support from the Shi family, and they were unlikely to hurt the only heir of the Shi family. 

But he can't afford to gamble. 

Even if there is only a zero zero zero one chance that it will damage time clear. 

Jiang bieyu can't bear it. 

Now he has taken the Acropolis, which is close to Hecheng, and is planning to swallow it. 

Obviously, the young master also thought about it. 

He did not toss with the calf to kick Teng, surprised to see the man holding his arms, "do you really want to hit Hecheng?" 

"Nature." 

Jiang bieyu indulged in watching the young master rise from his arms and whispered, "you are at ease. I know how hard you have worked in Hecheng, and I will certainly not damage it." 

Hecheng was indeed very prosperous under the influence of the Qing Dynasty. 

Although we have made money from various policies at home and abroad, which one is not for the country and the people. 

Outside, there is a river, and the rest of the river is hidden. 

In recent years, the world has been in chaos. Either this city is at war with that city, or other cities are invading. The people in the world are like leaves in the running water. 

Stay in a city, a city war, can't stay, quickly carrying the burden and an old trot to city B. 

As a result, it didn't take long for city B to fight. 

By analogy, how many of the original days were good, and the people became refugees. 

But Hecheng is different. 

In the past three years, the world has been in chaos. Only Hecheng is like there is a rule between the adults and the objects. All the big cities have suffered. It is the only one that stands there and has never been attacked. 

In addition, Hecheng produced a famous time family. 

All kinds of actions to benefit the people made Hecheng, which was still prosperous during the war, a shelter in the minds of the people. 

Outsiders don't know, but Shi Qing knows it very clearly. 

There are no unwritten rules. It's just that Jiang bieyu, who has always been known as the living king of hell, is protecting Hecheng. 

These years, once anyone wants to attack Hecheng. 

Within a few months, this man's power was taken over by Jiang bieyu. 

No one knows the law, but Jiang bieyu is really a wonderful flower among these great people. 

When people fight against cities, they are close to them, or they have extensive resources, or they fight one by one according to the route they want to circle their territory. 

Jiang bieyu is a psychopath. 

There is no plan at all, and there is no logic of war at all. 

If you want to fight, you can occupy the city you want to occupy, which makes people have no idea what he wants to do. 

Let's say that he occupies the territory. Is there such a fragmented territory? 

Say he's for resources. There are not so many resources in those cities. 

I don't understand. I don't understand. 

Naturally, these big men want to break the head also can't think of, Jiang BIE Yu neuropathy of the same play, just want to protect a person. 

Now, he finally decided to take the golden cage of Hecheng, together with the golden sparrow of Shiqing, to his nest. 

At the thought of being able to accompany him day and night, the man's heart was filled with a lot of joy. 

As soon as you are happy, you are in a good mood. 

Together with the interest, he pulled Shiqing to make him happy with himself. 

The young master is not happy. 

Shrunk in the quilt and muttered, "seriously, you don't always have to do something about it. You have to fight the world. How can anyone beat the world like you are so dishonest." 

"No one in the world is as important as my brother Qing." 

Shiqing always felt that this man would really evolve. 

I've only been away for three years, and I'm getting more and more cheeky every year. 

But he likes it. 

Although his body is still shrinking in the bedding, but also exposed a head out, looking at the man in front of him, pettishly with Ji gently kick him. 

To say it's kicking, it's almost the same as flirting. 

"When will you fight Hecheng? Tell me early that I will close those shops, so as not to let some people fish in troubled waters and steal the things in my shop. " 

The man looked at him, who was obviously rich in the world, but didn't want to be taken away by others. 

He rubbed the young master's hair and said, "I came first. The army is still behind. I'm going to speed up. They will arrive in a day or two." 

"So fast?" Shi Qing asked him, "how many people have you brought? How many% are you sure? " 

Jiang bieyu answered "ten percent." 

"Hiss." 

The young master felt that he was talking big. He turned his face away with disgust and muttered, "arrogance!" 

The man just looked at him and laughed. 

But he didn't say that in order not to hurt Hecheng, he took the city that he liked and almost brought all the soldiers under his hand.Although Hecheng was prosperous, its military strength was not so strong. 

If he hadn't been secretly protecting these three years, he would have been swallowed up. 

Now the army is under the city. To exaggerate, the soldiers he brought, even if only half of them, would be enough to capture Hecheng. 

If Hecheng wants to fight, it is a mantis. 

As long as the principal is not a fool, he will surely choose to surrender rather than fight to the end. 

So it's 100% sure. 

Shi Qing's hard work is here, and it must be 100%. 

"Well, let's not say that. I've already sent people to settle in Hecheng, and then we'll cooperate with each other. In addition, the king's life is not long, and his sons are fighting for power fiercely, but they are all straw bags. I'm sure I can take down Hecheng without spending a soldier." 

"Just talk about it. Who knows what will happen then." 

When he glanced at him, he had to drill into the bedding, while drilling and saying, "in short, no matter what you say today, don't try to coax me to do that again." 

"No, I haven't seen you for such a long time. Don't you miss me? I'm even in my dream that I'm my brother-in-law. " 

Jiang bieyu coaxed him to take his hand from the mattress and fell on his cheek with his soft little hand. He teased him with a smile: "don't you always say you like my face? Look, I haven't seen it for a long time. Is it a little more suitable for you to be born again? " 

When Qing was coaxed to raise his eyes, also did not drill into the quilt, soft hands play toys, general pinch man's hard cheek. 

"How do you always feel that you seem to be more powerful than in the past?" 

Jiang bieyu let him play with his face, slightly side, high straight nose touched the young man's soft hand, slightly sniffed, warm voice asked 

"do you like the milk I sent? Knowing that you love to drink these, I went to the grassland to find the best milkman and the best cow to keep. Even in winter, I would try my best to find fresh grass for it 

"I said how the milk tastes like fresh grass. It's hard to drink." 

Jiang bieyu left a lot of people at Shi's house. He yawned a few times every day. Some people wrote letters to him. Naturally, he knew that the young master didn't like to drink, so he had to drink a cup every day. Now he just bullied him again and tried to pick on him. 

The man hugged him with a smile, and the magnetic voice whispered, "OK, Qingge doesn't like the smell of fresh grass, so I won't let people feed those cows with fresh grass. I'll bring the cows to my eyes. I'll stay with them all day long, and let their milk have my flavor. You'll love it." 

Said, he slightly bent down, in time clear ear low way "you also drink, I know, you love very much." 

Teng! 

The young master's face turned red. 

A pair of beautiful moistening eyes opened slightly and became angry to push the man who was pestering him, "Jiang bieyu, I think you want to be whipped again!" 

Jiang bieyu has been fighting outside for three years, mixing with a group of soldiers and ruffians every day. His skin and mouth skills have long been cultivated. 

Seeing the young master's good-looking appearance when his white cheek was dyed with faint red, he slightly darkened his eyes and took people back. 

In the study, you will know that the man's magnetic pressure is lowered to coax the sound 

"brother Qing, do you want to see the new whip I sent you?" 

- bang! 

Wang Zhancheng had just entered the courtyard of Shiqing, when he saw his little cousin, who was raised all over his body, was standing under the porch with a long red whip on his hand. 

I don't know what kind of whip it is made of. Clearly, Qing Qing didn't have much strength on his hand, but when he fell on the ground, he made waves of marks. It looked very good. 

"Good!" 

Although Wang Zhancheng does not play with the whip himself, there are many young masters who like to play with the whip in Jiangcheng. He has seen many of them and can not help applauding. 

Shiqing stopped waving his whip hand and looked up. He saw that it was Wang Zhancheng. A smile appeared on his face: "is cousin coming?" 

As soon as she saw the young master stop, she put her cloak on him and tied the belt carefully, so as not to let the young master who was no longer active be blown by the cold wind. 

There is a woman with a tray to come forward, when taking over, clear the whip in her hand, put it properly, and then stand in place. 

When the Qing Dynasty saw Wang Zhancheng stride forward, he took the handkerchief handed over by another woman, wiped his hands, and asked 

"can my cousin have a good rest? How about going out for lunch today? " 

"After a short rest, I feel much better." In fact, Wang Zhancheng, who is not very tired, smiles and looks around. He doesn't see Jiang bieyu. He is relieved. 

Then he asked, "cousin, is the boy around you not here?" 

"I asked him to do something." 

His face never changed. 

In fact, Jiang bieyu is sleeping in the dark room under his bed. 

This guy was forced to stay up for three days and two nights without sleeping. When he came, he held Shiqing and gave his energy out.He didn't fall to the ground directly. He still has a male aura. 

In order to avoid this guy's sudden death, Shiqing directly pressed him to have a good rest. 

The darkroom was also specially made by my father when he built the house. After all, the current situation is not stable. If there is something, the gold and silver jewelry hidden in it will be enough for the family to live. 

Shi Qing imagined how his father would react if he let him know how he would hide men in the dark room where he would hide gold and silver. 

A second later, he gave up and continued to imagine. 

In front of him, Wang Zhancheng was really relieved. 

It's good not to be, just to be away. 

His whole person relaxed, and when he spoke, he was also a lot of casual. "Cousin, why do you recruit such a person to be a boy? I'm afraid when I look at it, aren't you afraid?" 

"There's nothing to be afraid of, but a little boy." 

"Cousin, don't look at his fierce life, in fact, he is weak, soft-natured, very dependent on people." 

Wang Zhancheng was skeptical, "but I looked at him with a fierce look in his eyes." 

"He was just making a show." 

The young master curled his mouth, as if he wanted to vent all his resentment against Jiang bieyu by smearing him. 

"in fact, he fainted at the sight of blood and was as timid as a mouse. Because he was afraid that others would laugh at him, he deliberately made a vicious appearance." 

What he said was too serious. Wang Zhancheng believed 80% of his heart. 

He looked at Shi Qing hesitantly. 

This little cousin has a good face and beautiful eyes. When he looks at people, he always looks like he is smiling at others. His beautiful lips are slightly cocked up, which makes him look like a lovely man. 

If you look at it carefully, you can see that all the five senses are exquisite. 

Plus the white skin and exquisite accessories, just standing there, people can't help but want to hold their breath to appreciate. 

I can't complain. He always felt that this little cousin was like a jade man before. 

Wang Zhancheng is also a Yankong. 

Shi Qing's appearance is here. Even if he thinks that his little cousin is not like what the outsiders say, he is a gentle gentleman who has the heart of the world and is determined to seek the welfare of the people, but he will certainly not cheat him. 

In this way, Wang Zhancheng relaxed a little and said, "that's fine, cousin. What do we want for lunch?" 

But when he visited his aunt, his aunt said to him that Qing elder brother was naughty and liked to tease people most. 

Now it seems that he is a little cousin, good-looking, temperament is also good, but not as his aunt said. 

I'm afraid it's the mother who always feels naughty when she looks at her son. 

At such a thought, the smile on Wang Zhancheng's face became more relaxed. 

"It's natural to go to my restaurant and have a good taste of drunk ducks." 

"By the way, cousin, since you want to do business in Hecheng, do you want to join the chamber of Commerce?" 

Wang Zhancheng nodded. "But the chamber of Commerce led by your cousin? I have heard that this chamber of commerce is to protect those businessmen who are powerless and powerless. Cousin, this is a righteous act 

He sighed, "although the world is in chaos, the merchants are still not respected by people. For example, you are still a minority. More merchants are not respected by the officials, and the middle and lower businesses are despised by the poor. Ordinary people dare not go into business. Therefore, cousin, you can set up chambers of Commerce for many merchants to ensure the safety of all. I know about this I have so much admiration for you in my heart. Ah, I'm a little ashamed to say that I'm a few years older than my cousin, but I don't have the breadth of mind of my cousin. " 

Young master's face full of question mark, listen to cousin finish. 

"What shelter? Of course, this chamber of commerce is to facilitate our businessmen to exchange information. Don't you know, cousin? " 

Wang Zhancheng "..." 

He has a half stiff look In order to communicate with each other News? " 

"Of course, or what else." 

Wang Zhancheng "..." 

He took a deep breath. "But if you want to exchange information, cousin, you have done a good thing! Now with the chamber of Commerce, we can share the news, and some businessmen who are not well informed will no longer be afraid to be deceived. " 

In this way, his little cousin did a good job! 

Yes! you 're right! 

That's it. 

"My cousin said yes, but the biggest advantage of the chamber of commerce is that businessmen who join the chamber of Commerce have to pay membership dues every year, 1000 Liang per person a year." 

"But don't worry, cousin." 

"You are my cousin, so I won't charge you any money. You can join the association directly." 

After saying that, he was very proud to show a smile, the breeze blowing, it is gentleman such as jade 

"don't thank me, we are all relatives." 

Wang Zhancheng "..."His whole face is going to be stiff. 

His cousin, on his way, he was full of longing for the cousin who would like to sleep after arriving. 

Completely destroyed. 

There were pieces before, but now they are completely ground to powder. 

At the same time, Wang Zhancheng remembered what his aunt had said to him, and a question came out of his heart. 

Cousin, you don't really have a bad temper. Do you like to play tricks on others? 

In the next few days, he completely dismissed the idea. 

As the host, Shi Qing took him to eat and play all over Hecheng. He also took him to see the department stores and supermarkets in Hecheng. He also took him to visit the free school with thousands of people and the library full of books but free to borrow. 

Even though his little cousin said that he wanted to make money, after seeing with his own eyes what changes Shiqing had made for the common people, for the merchants and for the poor scholars, Wang Zhancheng did not believe him. 

His cousin must be a gentleman who does good deeds without leaving his name behind! 

Ah, I really sympathize with my cousin. Obviously, he is such a good man, but his mother thinks that he is naughty. 

I'm afraid that what my aunt said was just a little thing like not studying hard when I was a child. 

Wang Zhancheng always thinks so. 

Until the fourth day when he came to Hecheng. 

The city of Hecheng surrendered and the gate opened. Jiang bieyu, known as the living king of hell, led his troops into the city. 

A lift of eyes, looked to the non want to pull him to see the lively time Qing. 

In a pair of light colored eyes, all is gentle. 

Sitting by Shi Qing's side, he already believed that Jiang bieyu was a timid but not fierce boy 

Cousin!! You lied to me again!!





 Shi Qing didn't go to see his cousin's accusation. 

All his sight was given to the man sitting on a white horse and coming in majestically. 

What Jiang bieyu was wearing was actually the clothes he had designed. 

Long and slender clothes fit well without affecting his movements. Wearing them on Jiang bieyu only makes him more and more handsome. Even his face, which originally looked a little fierce, looks much softer under such beautiful clothes. 

Of course, the bigger reason is his gentle sight to Shiqing. 

The living yanwang River bieyu is not as terrible as the legend. Some girls who know that Hecheng has surrendered and the future master of Hecheng wants to come today have some good feelings. 

It's not that Jiang bieyu likes him because of his face. 

Well, because of this face, their fear of him has been reduced a lot. 

After all, facial control is the nature of most people. 

I don't know which brave girl it is. Maybe she looked at Jiang bieyu and seemed to be good at talking. She actually took the silk flower and threw it down. 

Silk flower light floating around in the air, in the birth of powerful and handsome, sitting in front of the man on the white horse fell. 

Although it only blocked for less than a second, his sight was enough to make Jiang bieyu frown a little disgruntled. With warning and threat, he glanced back at the girl throwing silk flowers. 

The look in her eyes was so fierce that she almost didn't cry. 

Originally, because of Jiang bieyu's good appearance and temperament, the people who occupied the favorable terrain in the major restaurants had relaxed, and the atmosphere was slightly relaxed, and some even talked and laughed. 

Unexpectedly, Jiang bieyu's face suddenly turned cold, and everyone was scared and did not dare to speak again. 

This is the living king of hell, or the current master of Hecheng. 

If you annoy him, who knows if he will do something. 

For a moment, Jiang bieyu led his soldiers through the long street, but there was no sound except the sound of the horse's hooves and the walking soldiers. 

In this strange silence, Shiqing leaned against the window and took off the jade pendant on his waist. 

"Hey 

In the silence, the young master raised his voice so that most people's eyes fell on him. 

When I saw the young master leaning against the window, he went down the river with a smile on his face and yelled goodbye to Yu. There was only a sentence in the sea of other people's minds that he was not going to die?!! 

Shi Qing, however, was not afraid at all. He only raised his eyes downstairs and looked at his Jiang bieyu. He wantonly laughed and shook the jade pendant in his hand 

"catch it!" 

He threw the jade pendant towards Jiang bieyu. 

The general sitting on the horse actually lifted his long arm and accurately caught the jade pendant. 

Then, in the blank face of the crowd, Jiang bieyu, who has always been known as the living king of hell, is said to have killed people without blinking an eye and walked the world coldly 

He even gave a smile to Shiqing who threw his jade pendant at him. 

This smile, just like the melting of the iceberg, stunned a lot of people. 

And Jiang bieyu, in the full view of the public, with a smile on his lips, looked very happy. He pinned the jade pendant that Shiqing had thrown down on his waist. 

Qingchong sat back on the table and ate two small dishes. 

Wang Zhancheng just mentioned the heart for this cousin, after all, although he had met Jiang bieyu in his home before. 

But that's the living hell! 

In public, my cousin behaves like this. If the living king of hell turns over his face, what can he do. 

After seeing Jiang Yu, he was not relieved. 

"Cousin, you and the living Yama No, what is the relationship between you and general Jiang? Why did I see him last time at his home? Have you been in touch all the time? " 

Because Jiang bieyu's smile had a great impact on him, Wang Zhancheng temporarily let himself forget the sad matter of "cousin cheated me again", and sat curiously beside Shi Qing. 

When Qing ate a peanuts, casually replied, "he ah, he is my concubine." 

Wang Zhancheng; " 

He felt that his aunt was right. 

Although his cousin is good-looking, he looks like a jade man. 

But this temperament is really bad. 

It's deceiving. 

See cousin face don't believe, when Qing patted him on the shoulder, "cousin, I didn't cheat you, Jiang bieyu is really my lover." 

"Brother Qing, you can't do this. How can you always cheat me? If you were not my cousin, I would have been angry." 

"If you tell the truth to my cousin, I won't tell you." 

"I'm telling the truth." 

Shi Qing's innocent face: "Jiang bieyu is really my lover. We are a pair." 

Wang Zhancheng I believe you have the ghost.A few days later, with the help of him at his home, he was unable to sleep in the dark wind at night. He happened to bump into a dark shadow and turned it over from the wall. Then he hugged him to his arms when he was waiting on the wall. 

The two of them touched the tip of their noses, and their intimate and warm appearance was even more sticky than the cat that Wang Zhancheng had seen. 

Then, under the bright moon. 

The man holding his cousin raised his face and looked at this side with sharp eyes. 

Wang Zhancheng, who saw clearly Jiang BIE Yu's face "!!" 

Live, live, live?!! 

The eyes of the living Yama were too frightening. Wang Zhan's achievement was just like being ordered by someone. He could not move while standing in the same place. 

He could clearly hear Jiang bieyu say to Shi Qing, "someone." 

"Well?" 

The young master of Shi's family raised his head from the big man's arms, took a look at this side, but did not care to take back his sight. He reached for Jiang bieyu's neck and said, "it's OK, it's my cousin." 

His voice is sweet and greasy that Wang Zhancheng has never heard of. It's more delicate than a cat's meow. It's sweet and coquettish. 

"when he enters the room, it's very cold outside." 

Therefore, it is said that after taking over Hecheng, the Hecheng family did not give any face to anyone. They also arrested some people who wanted to commit crimes and harm the common people by taking advantage of the name of Jiang family soldiers. They directly cut off their heads and did not even discuss the matter. So Jiang bieyu, the king of Yan, was so obedient that he directly picked up his cousin. 

The heavy cloak protected Shiqing from the cold wind. 

Wang Zhan was so stupidly standing in the same place, watching Jiang bieyu stride forward with his cousin in his arms. 

Then, passing by him 

Passing by 

After 

During this period, except when I first found him, I didn't give him a look. 

And his not so reliable cousin is comfortable in the man's arms, is completely a pair of beauty infatuated with the appearance, did not even give him a corner of the eye. 

Wang Zhancheng "..." 

Until two people have gone, I don't know how long, always rigid standing in place, he just reacted and moved slightly. 

Just now Can't he dream? 

Think of the living Yama and his little cousin. 

Are these two people a couple? 

Sure enough, it's still a dream. 

So now he hasn't woken up yet? If you dream, you should not feel the pain. 

Wang Zhancheng looked down at his hands, ruthlessly under the heart, teeth, with his fingers pinched his face. 

"Ouch 

The young master, who is engaged in the separation and exchange of clothes on the couch with Jiang bieyu, is slightly stunned by the news. 

Alert heart high river don't rest of the consciousness to go outside to find out what is the situation, but was pulled back by time Qing. 

"Leave him alone." 

The young master's voice is more sweet and greasy than the usual soft glutinous. 

"My cousin is silly. It's always like this. Let's go on." 

Like the people are invited like this, then can not continue? 

Jiang bieyu turned around with a smile and untied the curtain. 

As for what happened behind the curtain, no one knew but the two of them. 

The next morning, when Qing comfortable nest in the bedding to sleep in. 

He was quite satisfied. 

Before, Jiang bieyu was busy playing the world. Every time he came back to see him, he would gather time to come back. He was in a hurry and couldn't communicate with each other well. 

Even if his early rejection has reached zero, Shiqing is not happy. 

Now, this guy Jiang bieyu finally won Hecheng. 

He pointed his finger at the sleeping man. "When are you going to be emperor?" 

Jiang bieyu was originally a shallow sleeper. As soon as the young master woke up, he also came to his senses, but he was greedy for this moment and didn't open his eyes. 

Now when I heard Shi Qing ask himself, he turned around and held the man in his arms. He laughed in a low voice: "I am not emperor. You are emperor." 

Shi Qing didn't surprise at all. He just patted the man's cold cheek. "You're actually playing this idea." 

Jiang bieyu smiles and touches the little young master's slender fingers. Although his face is still cold and hard, his eyes are full of attachment 

"now you are famous for your benevolence. With my escort, no one dares to say anything even if you are emperor." 

He had thought of it for a long time. Otherwise, he would not have never named himself as a prince, but as a general. 

His elder brother of Qing Dynasty was originally brought up like a pearl like treasure. From childhood to adulthood, when was he wronged? If Jiang bieyu became emperor himself, he could not restrain himself from kissing elder brother Qing. At that time, Jiang bieyu could think of all the words about Shiqing in the history books. 

Shiqing is a merchant, which is enough for some people to look down on him. If Jiang bieyu becomes the throne, the people who are reviled by tens of thousands of people will also be Shiqing once he and his brother-in-law are exposed.He didn't care about this, but he cared about Shiqing. 

What's more, if he was called emperor, he would no longer be as reckless as he is now. Would it not be that the Jiang family became relatives of the royal family. 

Jiang bieyu didn't kill them, even if he learned from his brother Qing. 

The most important thing is, what else in the world is more luxurious than the Imperial Palace, enough to support his brother-in-law. 

He gently coaxed Shiqing, "don't they always say that I'm too angry? Then let qingge'er, a man who has always had a good reputation, and then those people will have nothing to say. " 

"You're not afraid that I'll be the emperor and the three thousand beauties in the harem?" 

"Not afraid." 

Jiang bieyu sniffed the milk fragrance on the young master, smiling with a school of trust 

"I know, you will not." 

The system was moved to tears. 

Tianlaluo, what kind of immortal companion is this? He is an ancient native. He is willing to hand over the throne to each other. Sobbing, sobbing, I'm going to cry. 

Shiqing little fool. 

He looked at Jiang bieyu and said with a smile, "you are not afraid 

The man chuckled. 

But I didn't say the rest. 

He knew that his brother-in-law would not. 

If there is a day, he will be in this event before the event, he will be imprisoned in this imperial palace, he can not get out of the Palace this golden cage, want him day and night, can see, meet, speech of people, only he River more than one. 

Jiang bieyu has this confidence. 

The so-called giving the throne is just to keep the throne as a prison and keep the golden sparrow that he dreams of catching in his arms. 

From the beginning to the end, what he wanted was always Qingge. 

When his father and wife found that Jiang bieyu, who had been a servant in his family, didn't want to settle their house, she was relieved. 

Seeing that Jiang bieyu seems to have taken over the world and completely forgot their time and family, they decided to find a daughter-in-law for their son in peace. 

When my wife began to try to find out which girl was better. 

When the father is also quietly exploring. 

Of course, they should be the best. 

The family seldom have a meal, not to get close, but to talk about this marriage event with Shi Qing, who is busy with his career and has no intention to marry. 

When the father as a father, it is not easy to say this kind of back home affairs, so by the wife of the time. 

When the wife smiles and looks at the son who has a meal in a stuffy head, her mother's love is overflowing. "Brother Qing, my mother wants to tell you something." 

"Well? It's just that I want to talk to my parents 

When Qing heard this, he raised his head, wiped his mouth with a handkerchief, put down his chopsticks and said, "I'll say it first." 

When the father blew his beard and glared, "is it your mother's things that matter, or your little things that matter, listen to your mother first." 

He is like this. Although he has been boasting about his son openly and secretly outside, he is embarrassed to praise Shi Qing himself. He always looks like "I hate you, you son of a tortoise". 

When the wife looked at her husband coyly and gently pushed him, "Qing Ge'er is now in charge of all the business of our family. How can his affairs be a small matter?" 

Said, she also smile Yingying look at time Qing, soft voice way "clear elder brother son, Niang is not anxious, you say first." 

"It's nothing, is it..." 

"I'm going to be emperor." 

"Poo --" 

while drinking tea, my father sprayed all over the ground with a sip of tea. 

"Cough, cough, cough!! Cough, cough, cough!! What do you say 

When the wife is also frightened, full of blank, even forgot to comfort his father. 

Shiqing quickly stood up and patted his father's back, "Dad, you should be careful. How old are you? How can you be as calm as a hairy boy. Don't I mean I'm going to be emperor?" 

When the father trembled fingers pointed at him, half a day did not speak. 

What the boy said was what he had taught his son before, and now Shiqing said it out to revenge him. 

"You, you tell me clearly, this kind of words can also be nonsense?! Not to mention anything else, just say our general Jiang of Hecheng. He is known as the living king of hell. He killed so many people a few days ago. Now he is preparing to become emperor. When you call him emperor, you are not afraid that he will kill you! " 

"I'm not afraid of it." 

"You, you, you! You're going to piss me off 

The father thought his son was crazy. 

When the wife felt that her son was under too much pressure, it was a little abnormal. 

After discussion, the couple thought that they should find a doctor. 

Then, the doctor didn't come. Jiang bieyu came first. 

He came to discuss the ceremony of making Shiqing emperor with his family. 

When father "..."Madame Shi "..." 

They all thought it might be a dream. 

Until two months later, when the halal emperor. 

When the father became the emperor. 

His wife became the Empress Dowager. 

Compared with the real emperor, this relatively crude ceremony was held in Hecheng. 

At this time, Hecheng people knew that the funds for the three years of jiangbieyu's war were all behind the time Qing Dynasty. 

In the same way, the reason why Jiang bieyu went to fight in the world was inspired by the young master of the Shi family. 

Jiang's army is thicker than other armies. 

They eat food that is easy to carry and very tube like. 

They never pay them slowly. 

It turned out that not only did Jiang BIE Yu attach importance to his subordinates, but also because of the strong support of the Qing Dynasty. 

I can't complain that during these three years, the family suddenly and wantonly solicited money, and various means of making money appeared frequently. 

He had always been responsible for his family, and his father suddenly stepped down from his position and handed over his business to Shiqing. 

The reason is that although Shi Qing can make money, he is also a young man. No matter how much money he spends, others will only say that he is young and frivolous. 

And never think, in such a chaotic time, when the money is put in the army, how useful. 

At the same time, the family suddenly began to build a good reputation. 

What department stores, supermarkets, free schools, helping students all over the world, and so on, were all prepared to be emperor of the Qing Dynasty. 

If you don't believe it, now, a dandy who was still a dandy three years ago suddenly called himself Emperor. However, no one objected (those who opposed it were all killed by Jiang bieyu), and even many people applauded and congratulated. They thought that when such a kind man became emperor, he would surely make the world peaceful. 

Shijia! What a big game of chess. 

As soon as the news came out, the rest of the family understood. 

They couldn't help but scold his father in the bottom of his heart. He was really an old fox, and he was really wise and resourceful! 

As for these are all made by Shiqing? 

How can it be? How old is he? He is only about to be twenty-one now. 

It must have been arranged by the old fox Shifu. The reason why the family's behavior in the past three years has always been under the banner of Shiqing is to pack his reputation of benevolence and kindness. 

By the way, there is also an explanation for why Shi Qing is still unmarried at the age of 21. 

Ordinary people can get married when they are 16 years old. There are several 21-year-old children. However, Shi Qing, the only Miao Miao who is loved by her family like a pearl, has never married? 

Is that reasonable?! 

Certainly not reasonable! 

It must be the old man of the Shi family, so that when Shi Qing ascended the throne, he would marry a woman from a large family. 

After all, the young master of Shijia can't rise to the top. Can't the emperor deserve it? 

I really didn't do anything. I just felt that my son was so powerful that he could enjoy his happiness 

He was wronged!! 

What did he do? He! 

These three years are not Qingge er's own trouble?! 

He didn't lose money or make money when he saw it! 

As for why the large amount of money is missing, he did not find out? That's because Shiqing has been making money crazily! 

For example, Shi family had five pieces of gold. Shi Qing made a lot of money. He made a hundred of them outside. He took 70 of them to fight with Jiang bieyu, and took 30 of them home. Of course, his father praised him for his good work and made so much gold. 

He didn't open his eyes! Qingge'er, this little rabbit, does not say that he can know the ghost! 

And marriage. 

It's not that Shi Qing has been refusing to give up all kinds of shirking. His mother is used to him. Every time he talks about this, his mother cries and his children are also for the family business. His father thinks that his son is so good and old anyway. 

Who knows. 

He's on the throne! 

The Father himself is still dizzy. 

And at the same time, he was a little worried. After all, although it was said that he had ascended the throne, the world was fragmented, and it was just a name. 

After all, he is not a real emperor. What's more, his son is like that. When he manages his family, he can be emperor? 

My father was really afraid. 

Biejiang bieyu, a loyal subordinate (he felt) who managed to fight down half of the country was lost to Huo Huo by his son. 

He didn't even think about it. 

His son is not only an emperor, but also a good one. 

He named his country Yu Guo. 

This also spread a good story among the people about the loyal subordinates of the benevolent and good Lord. 

After all, this kind of people who were sent out to fight in the world, and actually gave the world to their own masters and sons, and called the country by their subordinates' names, was really unheard of. 

When he became the emperor of Yu, he did a lot of things.Send people to the sea to learn from foreigners, open letter stations, and set up free schools in their own territory once again. There is no real charge for each city. 

The point is, he didn't even lose money! 

Now Shiqing is more and more famous among the people. Many people have heard of his wisdom and come to live in other countries. 

Plus Jiang bieyu's big weapon. 

A whirlwind swept everywhere. 

Only five years later, he took the other half of the country to his brother Qing. 

When Qing Dynasty, this time is really become the absolute 95. 

When father "..." 

It's a bit of a thrill. 

He didn't think he would be more stimulated. 

When he was white haired, his son, who had been an emperor for 30 years, but had never established a crown prince or accepted a harem, suddenly announced that he would change the imperial system, overthrow feudalism and establish Xinyu state. 

When father "..." 

Ministers "..." 

Do you know what you're talking about, your majesty?!! 

You want to overthrow yourself! 

Over the past 30 years, Shi Qing has always insisted on maintaining exchanges with the West. Nowadays, it is not uncommon for Yu Guo to have steam engines and textile machines. It is said that trains will also be put into practice next year. 

Slavery was abolished ten years ago. At that time, in order to abolish slavery, Shiqing watched the courtiers make trouble for several months. 

Finally, with Jiang's help (threat of troops), the courtiers compromised. 

Most of the people are no longer hungry. Although there are some shortcomings, Yu is indeed a prosperous country. 

But now, their Ming Jun, unexpectedly said that the emperor system can not continue, otherwise the rest of the country will not be able to progress. 

In order to improve, he decided to start with me, abdicate, and choose another post called "President" to run the country. 

Everyone "..." 

Their majesty is not mad. 

Among all the opposition and crying opposition, only Jiang bieyu always stood on the side of Shiqing. 

It's hard to overthrow a regime. 

If the regime is no longer a problem, then it will have to reform itself. 

As a result, the Qing Dynasty changed from emperor to President. 

Jiang bieyu is marshal. 

The courtiers also had new positions. 

These positions are a bit awkward for them, but they dare not say they can't. 

Although their majesty, oh, no, the president said that in the future, the rest of the country will act in accordance with the law and will not execute people easily. 

But according to the general, no! Marshal that "who provokes the Qing who will die" temperament, they still better be honest. 

The 20th year of the overthrow and reconstruction of Yu state. 

Shiqing, the first president, retired. 

In the past, it was not that he didn't want to quit, but no one dared to go. Now, new blood has been injected into this country. Although the technology of other countries is still developing, it has a little modern embryonic form. 

Shiqing can also enjoy the toilet, bathtub heating and other happy salted fish service. 

To support the aged with his Jiang bieyu. 

No one knows when the two died. Only that the most legendary founder emperor, also the founding president, was buried in the same coffin with his marshal. 

Ding! Congratulations to the host for completing the task. Please select 1, continue the task, 2, rest. 

Shiqing 11111 

"boss, this boy has offended you. Let's break his fingers." 

When he opened his eyes, he found himself leaning on the sofa. In front of him, there was a villain who didn't look like a good man at a glance, and was obsequious on his face. 

"there are zombies everywhere. He thought it was a peaceful time. He really laughed at me." 

Shi Qingyi, this guy is one of his subordinates. 

All of a sudden, the eyes of the thief eyebrow mouse face were more pleasing to the eye. 

He was about to look at his memory, but he felt something at hand. 

A twist of the face, just on a fluffy fire red tail. 

It's really big, about the size of an adult with open arms. 

And the colors are still gradients. 

Good looking! 

He just thought it was good, but suddenly he felt something was wrong. 

Turn around. 

Good guy. 

No wonder he thinks it's good. He has his own tail! 

He! 

Long tail!



Arc 11: Vicious Apocalypse Boss

 When Qing lazily leans on the sofa, the thief eyed boy is still Balabala's saying how to teach who who. 

He thought it was background music and began to look at the memory. 

The world is really exciting. 

It is said that there is such an aerial novel, originally big guy lives a good science and technology, a good modern life, ah Hey! All of a sudden, the end comes. 

Some people become zombies. If they bite people, they will evolve. If they are bitten, they will be infected with zombie virus and become zombies themselves. 

As soon as the zombie appears, the unsuspecting human beings will destroy a wave first. 

Then the mutant appeared. 

The mouse is bigger than the cat, the cat is bigger than the pig, the pig is bigger than the elephant. In short, each animal is bigger than its original size. 

The common feature of these mutants is that they have fierce hair, which is a hammer to human beings. 

Once again, the human race was wiped out. 

It's over. It's not over. The plants have mutated. 

Good guy, one by one, you can't do it, you can't do it. Human beings are dying out. 

Originally at the top of the food chain, humans suddenly become poor. To be exact, ordinary humans without powers have become pitiful. 

The powers are different. 

Many of the mutants have lived the life of human beings. 

After all, there is no legal shackles. If a mutator is unhappy with a person, he will kill him. As long as the other party or his family are not able to do so, no one will be in charge of it. 

Beauty, little brother, resources, will be in front of the power. 

And the Lord is such a power. 

Unfortunately, he is the biggest villain in the original text. He is hated by the protagonist and wants to frustrate his bones. 

Song XiaBing, the protagonist, was a dandy rich second generation before the end of the world. He was good-looking, good-natured, good-looking and talkative. Because of the family fighting, he disguised himself as a playful dandy and planned the arrangement secretly. 

It turned out to be a success. It was the end of the world. 

He didn't have any powers in his last life, but all of them were invalid to him. 

For example, if the fire power hits him with fire, the fire will disappear when it reaches him. 

So do other powers. 

All people think that this is his ability. They think it's useless. After all, even if you can't use power, bare hands or weapons, you can't beat him. 

As a result, the days of pine summer ice are more difficult. 

It's not hard. It's just because he's a skill that doesn't work for him, he breaks the secret that the leader of a group of powerful people in the base has been hiding at that time. 

This captain is a beast, 

the beast is also a kind of power. However, he is not regarded as a powerful power, but is reduced to a plaything. 

Because the biggest characteristic of the animator is that he will show the characteristics of animals. 

It's usually ears or tails. 

For example, a rabbit like animal grows two long rabbit ears on his head. 

A cat is a cat's ear or a cat's tail. 

If it is a snake, it may turn its eyes into a snake's vertical pupil, or it may show scales on its body. 

All in all, these animators can be found once they are animalized. 

The animators have a fatal drawback, that is, their animal characteristics will become their weakness. 

No matter how powerful the animators are, once they are touched by their own animal characteristics, they will lose their combat effectiveness instantly, and even may even collapse to the ground. 

Can a beast with weakness be a powerful power? 

After all, now is the end of the world, the weak eat the strong, you are the best, if you have weaknesses, who will be willing to convince you. 

In addition, the beast people will often be associated with the beauty of the beast bonus. 

Originally, only three of the appearance, after the beast can become eight. 

Basically, every animator looks very good, and the skin is delicate and smooth, and the whole person can be much younger. 

In addition, they were paralyzed at the touch, and within a few months of their appearance, the animators were pushed into the plaything class. 

People capture the animators, bring them various tools, and then auction or give them away. 

Because they have weaknesses, no one has ever been hurt by the beast. 

Therefore, many animators will choose to hide their identities and not let others find them, but the characteristics are there. Unless they are not seen all the time, how can they not be found? If they don't see people, they have to leave the base, and there are zombies everywhere. 

Few of them can escape the fate of being treated as playthings. 

The famous captain is one of them. 

However, although this captain has powerful powers, he is not very good at being a man. After the end of the world, the law becomes invalid. No one can punish him and do all kinds of bad things.One of the bad things he did was to let people tie loose Xia Bing. 

The pine family has a foothold in base B, but song XiaBing, who happened to be in a city when the end of the world came, stayed in base a. 

The captain heard that song XiaBing was the successor of the Song family, so he tied him up and sent someone to ask for grain redemption from the pine family. 

Song XiaBing had a good life in the huoting team at the beginning. Although he was a hostage, he was just a "waste wood power". The people in the team did not bother to guard him. He only arranged for him to do chores and cook. 

As a result, songxiabing discovered such a secret. 

It has always been known as the powerful fire power. The numerous team leader of the fire thunder team under his younger brother is actually a beast. 

However, his accompanying animalization ability should be similar to concealment. In addition to songxiabing, no one could see the hairy tail behind the captain. 

Songxia Bing was deep-seated and knew that he had no self-protection ability at all, so he kept silent and pretended not to see it. 

As a result, he did not expect that the captain's tail was not only invisible, but also untouchable. 

As an animal. 

He doesn't even have to wear perforated pants. 

The ability of the team leader is invalid for songxiabing. 

In an accident, he accidentally touched the captain's tail. 

In public, the captain, who was holding a weed and was full of ferocious words, directly softened his legs in public and half knelt in front of all the people. 

When the captain stands up, he will kill song XiaBing directly. 

Xia Ting thought that he could see the other team leader's face in order to see the other team leader's face clearly. 

The beast's secret cannot be known, so he must die. 

The captain also wants to kill him, others can't persuade, song XiaBing can only speak by himself. 

It's nothing to say that they kidnap for ransom. The Songjia family is so big that they won't fight against them for the food. 

But now if they kill the successor of the Song family, the matter is not so. Even if he is going to die, it can't be in their hands. 

At that time, he is dead, but the whole huoting team will also be buried with him. 

Songxiabing said this in front of the public. If the captain still started, he must have abandoned his hands. 

If we do, we will not be far away from the people below. 

As a result, the captain had to be gloomy and didn't make any more moves. 

Song XiaBing was able to save a life, but after he was in the huoting corps, it was not easy to live. Although he could not kill him, he could be kicked or humiliated by various words. 

In this period of time, songxiabing was stepped on the scale, which was his mother who had passed away. 

When his mother knew song XiaBing's father, his father was not married. At that time, he tried to coax his mother into giving birth to song XiaBing on the pretext that his family did not agree to the marriage. He turned his head and married his wife. He knew that song's mother existed and did not mind her existence. They could still live as before. 

After knowing the truth, song's mother left with song XiaBing and planned to live alone with her child. Unfortunately, she fell ill. Finally, after her death, song XiaBing was taken back to the Song family and became a well-known illegitimate child. 

From childhood to adulthood, he has been listening to the slander of his mother from the rest of the pine family. 

He said that his mother was a junior because of money. What's more, some people said that his mother was a prostitute. 

When song XiaBing was a child, he would cry and defend his mother. Finally, he was ridiculed or beaten. 

When he grew up, with a smile without haze, he bit by bit pushed those who slandered his mother to the bottom. 

Who could have thought that when I finally got to a high position, the end of the world came. 

But in the last world, there are people who dare to say that about his mother. 

If the language humiliation of the younger brothers is just to please the boss, the captain's torture and humiliation to him is purely the captain's own thinking. 

Song XiaBing doesn't know why the captain hates him so much. 

Even if he pretended to be stupid and said he didn't see anything at all, the man would not let him go. 

The captain looked at his sight and hated him as if he were an ant in the ground. He wanted to crush him to death. 

And then he did. 

After the Song family sent someone to refuse the ransom, the captain without shackles immediately tied up Songxia ice and threw it into the water prison. 

He was tortured for three days and three nights. 

It's hard for people who have not felt the pain of the water prison. It is difficult for people who have not felt it. They are bound to stand in the water, and the water level will rise slowly. The water has been pouring into the water all the time. The people standing inside know that the water will submerge their nose and mouth, but they can't escape. They can only feel the pain of death soberly. 

The captain made up his mind to torture him to death. 

Songxiabing was flooded to the top of his head on the third day. In the process of suffocation and current, he learned how to use the seemingly useless power.I also know that his real powers can't ignore power attacks. 

It's phagocytosis. 

He can manipulate his swallowing ability to devour and melt everything in the world. 

Powers, power beasts, mutant plants, zombies, even humans. 

Songxia ice melted the water and tied his own chain, escaped from the fire brigade. 

After that, he became a super boss through various upgrades and copies. 

The first thing he did after becoming a super big man was to seize the leader of the fire force and torture him for ten days and nights. After that, he cut off his tail and let him die of pain because of his accompanying tail cutting off his heart pulse. 

A perfect counter attack advanced cool article. 

Unfortunately, since it became a session, song XiaBing, the protagonist, is not so lucky. 

He was awakened by the swallowing ability, but because he had just dug out the power, his heart was powerful and insufficient. Before he could finish swallowing the surrounding water, he choked to death. 

The protagonists are dead, the world is naturally broken. 

Then, Shi Qing came. 

When Qing is not surprised to find that he is the captain with a long tail. 

The original memory is brief and clear. 

Since he knew that he was an animal, he had been holding fire, but because no one knew about it, he had no place to vent. 

As a result, songxiabing knows. 

The original Lord directly vented all his anger on him. He did not want him to die, but also wanted him to die with the most cruel method. 

And now this time is when songxiabing has been locked up in the water prison for three days and three nights, and is about to burp his fart. 

Three days and three nights 

The time is clear and the tongue is smacked. 

Thanks to the second awakening of Songxia Bing, the body constitution rubbed up. Otherwise, it would be changed to someone else. If you soak in the water for so long, you can soak your hair. 

System, what's the repulsion of Songxia ice? 

The system thinks it can be very calm. 

However, after seeing the repulsion degree, it was still forced to 

the repulsion degree of Songxia and Songxia ice floes was 600 out of 100 

and it was not surprised at all. 

Being insulted and tortured for such a long time, people are on the verge of death. It is understandable that the degree of exclusion is higher. 

Facing this new high degree of exclusion, the system is the host of crying without tears. I think the world is difficult. 

Shiqing is OK. 

The system is not Host, you are a straight man now. Wuwuwuwu is still a big straight man. You almost tortured people to death. If you don't break up, how can you reduce the rejection. 

When Qing zazui, the beautiful man has his own tricks. 

The younger brother of "background music" in front of him is still talking about the unfortunate man who was robbed of food by them. He even said such a joke about the rule of law society. In front of him, the old general put down his legs and stood up directly. 

"What time is it?" 

He shut up and looked at his watch. "Boss, it's more than eleven." 

"OK, you go. I'll go to the water prison to see pine summer ice." 

The younger brother didn't understand, "what is he doing? Don't you say you want him dead, boss 

Shiqing kicked on the table, his face impatient, "go to your uncle, what do I want to do with you." 

"Don't be angry, boss. It's because I don't have long eyes. I'm going to leave now." 

Watching him go, Shiqing found a cigarette in its mouth. 

The original owner didn't smoke, but in the end, tobacco became a scarce commodity. In order to pretend to be forced, he developed the habit of carrying cigarettes. 

It's almost like in the history of the development of China that some people like to show off their big brother. 

When the big man step on the table, eyebrows slightly locked, holding a cigarette. 

I just feel like I'm really overbearing. 

That's enough. He took the time to go to the water prison. 

The fruit there just drowned the top of Songxia ice. 

Before is to torture him a little bit, today the original Lord said to loose summer ice to death, the water suddenly put so high. 

He stood on the edge and looked down. He saw that although there was no movement or noise in the water, the water level was slowly falling. He knew that this was songxiabing and had awakened. 

When Qing hand pressed the water release key, watching the water level drop rapidly, exposed the youth inside. 

In this way, his face was still impatient with his cigarette in his mouth, but his eyes lit up slightly. 

The skin of Songxia ice is very good, with peach blossom eyes, high nose, white face, and good figure. Now, with the water level falling, the abdominal muscles appear indistinctly. 

He was so embarrassed to stand there coughing, a poor look that people want to trample (cross out) pity. 

I like it. 

Shi Qing looked down at the young man with half exposed shoulder and gasping breath. He sneered and said, "aren't your mouth very strong? Why not now? "Songxiabing coughed and lowered his eyes to cover his hatred. He clenched his fist slightly. He felt that he had no strength to control the power. He could not even swing the chain. So he closed his eyes and endured the sarcasm from above. 

"Hiss." 

"I thought you were really stubborn, but I didn't expect it to be so." 

Song Xia Bing took a deep breath. 

The situation is no better than others, and we can only bear it. 

The man at the top who hated him said, "songxiabing, I'll give you two choices." 

"One, die on the spot." 

"Second, when I'm a little brother, I mean you can't fight West. If you want to go to the sky, you can't stand on the ground." 

Finish saying, when Qing Diao cigarette, a face of impatience "choose." 

Songxia ice slightly moved the body, bound his hands and feet of the iron chain with his movement frame ring. 

The young man slowly raised his eyes and showed a smile like that in Shiqing's memory. 

He opened his mouth, his voice was smooth and pleasant, and he was naturally bewitched. "I choose to be your younger brother, boss. In fact, I have wanted to follow you for a long time. Thank you for giving me the opportunity. This is my pleasure." 

"Just know." 

Song Xia Bing is not surprised when Qing's arrogance and of course, he with a smile, looking at when Qing unloaded the chain that bound him. 

At the bottom of my heart, I am on guard. 

Shi Qing wanted to kill him before. He was sure. 

There must be something wrong with the sudden change of mind. 

It's a pity that he is weak now. Otherwise, the best choice is to kill Shiqing and escape directly. 

"Hello, boy!" 

Standing in front of him, he called out, "you can see what's behind me, right?" 

The pupil of songxiabing shrinks. 

Before the time Qing Dynasty, he was sure that he knew, otherwise he would not want to kill him. Now he does not admit it, and it is meaningless. 

After hesitating for a second between admitting and denying, he nodded, "boss, I won't tell anyone else." 

The handsome man in front of him sneered, "I dare you." 

He slightly turned over, with this movement, that red fluffy tail, it was directly exposed under the skin of Songxia ice eyes. 

It's under the skin. 

It's almost in his eye. 

When Qing spits out the smoke in his mouth, he orders "to touch Laozi's tail." 

Rao is the city of deep, such as pine summer ice, also by this request to get Leng Leng Leng. 

"What?" 

"Are you deaf?" 

Shi qingtut, holding song XiaBing's hand up, with a fierce tone, repeated: "Laozi! Let you 

"Touch your tail!"





 An animal, even put forward this kind of request, pine summer ice touch their own weak point request. 

Songxia ice 

He was alert in his heart and suspected of deceit, but in the end, he stretched out his hand slowly and landed on the fluffy tail. 

"Oh 

Just also full of ferocity and ferocity just now, the man's legs are soft and he is about to kneel on the ground. 

Fortunately, he quickly grasped the arm of Songxia Bing, which just managed to stabilize himself, and finally stood firm. 

His hands are very strong, Rao is Songxia ice, now because of the second awakening, the body is much better, but also by the hands of the Qing Dynasty hair pain. 

His eyebrow slightly wrinkled for a moment, and then quickly flattened, as if without any comment, and looked at the time when he could barely stand against him, breathing disorder. 

So a look to discover, the handsome face of the man's honey color is actually covered with a faint blush, lips slightly open panting, a look that can't breathe. 

As long as song XiaBing thinks, you can easily take away Shiqing's life at this moment. 

He really thought about whether to do this. Unfortunately, he thought that there were Shi Qing's younger brothers outside. If he killed Shi Qing, he would end up with the guy's front foot dead on his heel, and he could only regret to give up. 

Anyway, it's not once or twice to wait for an opportunity. Song XiaBing thinks about it in the bottom of his heart, and his face shows a suitable worry, and then he comes out with 

"boss, are you ok 

Shi Qing shook his head, thinking that the weakness of the animal is the characteristics of the animal, which is worthy of its reputation. 

It's so cool that people's legs are soft. How can they fight. 

But 

It's really cool ~ 

he gasped, "touch again!" 

Songxiabing has a bit of recollection, he saw that he had to rely on his arm to barely stand firm, the handsome man gnashing his teeth, slightly picked his eyebrows. 

He asked, "boss, do you want to increase tail resistance by exercising?" 

When Qing gasped for breath, Shuang to fly up, but also made a ferocious appearance to come out, fiercely glared at him, opened his mouth to speak. 

Songxiabing suddenly stretched out his hand and touched the big tail from the middle. 

"Ah 

This time, he was more serious than the rashness of just now. He skirted the fluffy and went down to the tip of his tail. 

It's too much stimulation for any animator to lose all his strength. 

The man who has always been a tough guy almost immediately trembled and called out. His legs suddenly softened. Even the hand holding songxiabing's arm was not strong enough. He would fall to the side when he released it. 

Songxiabing stretched out his hand and held him. 

Shiqing is as tall as he is, but now he has no strength all over his body. His body is so soft that he can't stand. It looks like he's holding people in his arms. 

He slightly lowered his eyes and looked down at Shi Qing, who was supported by himself. His eyes, which were always wanton and ferocious, were full of trance at the moment, and his handsome and strong face was also full of blush. 

Is already a pair, completely lost the attack power, lets the human slaughter the appearance. 

But it was just a moment. 

After a few seconds, Shi Qing's eyes have been restored to Qingming. 

After realizing what a fragile voice he had just uttered, his face darkened and said, "Damn it, this is a great thing!" 

At the moment, he still has no strength, so it is still songxiabing to support him. 

Seeing Qing swearing, song XiaBing asked again, "boss, how is it now? Is it better? " 

Although the handsome man's face was still not good-looking, he also answered 

"it's more powerful than just now." 

Sure enough. 

Songxia ice slightly dark under the eyes, eyes in a trace of calculation. 

Shi Qing really planned to use him to exercise this tail. 

After all, as long as the tail is still there, that's his weakness. No matter how powerful the power is now, if you touch the tail, you will immediately lose your fighting power and let others kill you. 

Previously, he was able to hide his tail with a companion ability. 

But who gave up a pine summer ice. 

Shi Qing must have thought that since someone can see his tail, it is impossible to guarantee that a second such person will not appear. 

He is the captain of the fire brigade and has made numerous enemies. If he is known to be a brute, the end is absolutely unbearable. 

If you can't cut your tail, you'll die if you cut it off. You'll have to exercise your resistance, but touching your tail won't do anything. 

Therefore, Shi Qing decided to let song XiaBing, the only one who knew the secret, to help him exercise. 

As long as he doesn't get the result, song XiaBing's life will be saved by Shiqing. After all, it's too difficult to find a person who is abandoned by his family and his abilities are useless, but he has good physical fitness, weak temperament (pretending to be), and also knows the secrets of his beast dealer. 

Song XiaBing has figured it out.He didn't tell Shiqing that he knew an animator at the beginning of the end of the world, and that man had the same idea as Shi Qing, except that no matter how he exercised, what the characteristics of the animator should be. 

There is no way to increase resistance through exercise. 

He knew this, but how could he tell Shi Qing. 

In this world, no one wants Shiqing to die more than songxiabing. 

But since Shiqing himself will take advantage of his opportunity to pass to Songxia ice, why not take advantage of it and send him to death? 

Song XiaBing is not at all like what he said to the people of the fire brigade. He is the successor of the Song family. If something happens to him, the Songjia will take revenge for him. 

It's all bullshit. 

Everyone in the pine family would like him to die early. 

Those people in the pine family had given him humiliation at the beginning, and he kept them in mind. 

After Song XiaBing came to power, although he dealt with several people, the rest did not immediately deal with them, but slowly stayed in the palm of his hand to play. 

Slow knife cutting meat, not only to torture their bodies, but also to torture their hearts. 

But who could have thought that the end had come. 

Song XiaBing happened to be away from the pine family when the end of the world came. He missed the opportunity to control the pine family, and then awakened to the wastewood ability. 

The people of the pine family hate him deeply. If they know that he has no ability now, it's strange not to frustrate him. 

He didn't even want to go back home. 

Originally intended to hibernate temporarily, but before he could do anything, he was tied up by the people of the fire fighting team, trying to ask for ransom. 

From the very beginning, song XiaBing knew that the Song family would not give him a ransom. They longed for his death. How could they save him. 

The people of the huoting team will not kill him if they don't get the ransom. At most, they will drive him away. He is quiet all the time. He doesn't want to run away. He pretends to be a cowardly young master. 

As a result, it was discovered that the secret of the animator was discovered. 

At that time, even if he wanted to escape, he could not escape. 

Songxia Bing must hate Shiqing. 

But at the same time, he also hated the Matsu family. 

Although Shi Qing is not a good man, his fire force is not low. If you use him to deal with the Song family 

It took song XiaBing only one minute to decide what to do next. He lowered his eyes and held Shi Qing firmly. Wen Sheng asked, "boss, you can't just try this way." 

"If you don't try it like this, you can give me some way to come out!" 

The boss in a bad mood scolded impatiently, "your task is to listen to my words, don't meddle in my business!" 

Songxia Bingsi does not mind his attitude, with a smile on the corner of his lips, the slightest impoliteness of the hand, fell on the tail root of the Qing Dynasty. 

This time, he was from the tail root of the fire red tail, and felt it all the way to the tip of the tail. 

"Er Well 

Just also a face of impatience of the man suddenly frozen body, eyes lax down, chest violent ups and downs breathing, half sound did not return to mind. 

"Look, boss." 

Song XiaBing held him, still in a gentle tone, as if in a sincere proposal, "we tried several times, but you are more and more serious." 

"I really want to follow the eldest brother, and of course I want to overcome the problem of the elder brother. Why don't you tell me what your companion animal is? We can prescribe medicine according to the characteristics of the companion animal." 

The man who was supported by him gasped, pursed his lips and struggled to flash across his face. 

Generally, only one knows what the companion beast is. 

Don't think that a rabbit with a rabbit ear is a rabbit. There are more species of companion animals than any other animal on the earth. 

Just talking about rabbits, there are ice and snow rabbits, flame rabbits and so on. 

At the same time, the animalizer not only has the characteristics of no strength when touching the beast, but also has some characteristics of the companion beast. 

For example, ice rabbit is afraid of fire, so the animator who owns the rabbit is also afraid of fire. If someone burns him with fire, even if he doesn't touch him, the animator will frighten himself to death because of his strong fear of fire. 

So the animators are very resistant to telling others what their companion beast is. 

Especially those who are still free. 

If they are known and untouched, they may die in the weakness of the companion beast. 

"I know, companion animals generally don't tell outsiders, but boss, think about it, I know your tail, but what have I done to you? I'm a waste wood ability. I can't live without you. " 

The expression on Qingshi's face gradually hesitated, and song XiaBing continued to persuade him; 

"boss, I really want to help you overcome it. After all, I can be good only when you are good. You tell me your companion beast, maybe we can find a way through its characteristics."He added: "you don't have to worry that I will betray you. Now the Matsu family has given up on me. I hate them. Only the boss takes me in. If I betray anyone, I will not betray you." 

His voice was mellow and full of temptation. "Besides, I just want to betray. I don't have the ability. Boss, you have seven levels of abilities. One finger can crush me..." 

When Qing slightly raised his eyes, his forehead was also covered with small, dense sweat. 

He gasped and asked, "don't you fool me. Before I put you in a water prison for three days, would you hate me?" 

Hate. 

Of course. 

He wanted to kill Shi Qing immediately. 

But who makes it, Shiqing is still useful. 

Song XiaBing's good-looking face is full of no haze smile, "I annoyed the boss, only blame myself, but boss, if I really hate you, now you are like this, I can directly kill you." 

"But I didn't do it, did I?" 

When Qing slightly gasps for breath, the hesitation on the face already subsided almost, he deeply exhaled a breath. 

"Fox." 

"My companion is the fox." 

System quietly Mimi bubbling host, do you remember wrong, your companion beast is snow mountain polar fox, the one that runs very fast. 

Shiqing can rest assured. I know that the memory of your host is not so bad. 

Pine summer ice slightly squint "enchanting fox?" 

He had never heard of such a companion. 

"Yes." The handsome face of the man supported by him was full of resentment, and he was obviously unwilling to become an animal. 

The original intention of songxiabing is to squeeze more Shiqing's handle in the palm of his hand, so that he can have more cards. 

As a result, Shiqing told him a species he had never heard of. 

It's hard to do. 

He said quietly, only continued to ask, "the boss, do you know the characteristics of the fox?" 

When Qing face exposed a touch of embarrassment, put aside the face "do not know." 

How can the animator not know the characteristics of the companion beast. 

Songxiabing only looked at him, and knew that he had something to hide. He did not continue to ask, but only put the matter in the bottom of his heart. 

"Since there is no other way, it seems that we can only use your method to exercise." 

When Qing twisted his eyebrows, his face was full of ferocity! After all, you and his uncle still said a lot of nonsense 

"Yes, the boss said it was all my fault." 

The young man's natural acceptance was his own fault, and his slender white hands fell over the red tail of the man who was held by him. 

"Boss, would it be better if we tried some force?" 

"Shit! Wait 

From a moment ago until now, the man who has not returned to God flashed a trace of fear on his beautiful face. 

His body subconsciously shrank back, but on his face, he still said, "I haven't slowed down." 

"It's also good. It's good to try the boss. What happens if you are touched again without slowing down? Will you feel better, or..." 

Songxia ice has no feelings at the bottom of her eyes. She holds her big tail with her hands and touches the tip of her tail all the way from the flaming fluffy. 

"Ah 

The strong and handsome man let out a scream of desperation, and fell almost sobbing in his arms. 

Song XiaBing asked him, "boss, what's your feeling now?" 

"You, you!" 

I didn't get back to my mind for half a day. I just like eating the air around me. 

"Song Xia Bing" would you like to try the reverse? Maybe the reverse will have unexpected effects. " 

The man's face flashed with fear and fear that could not be concealed. He tried to shake his weak body and try to avoid 

"no! Wait, wait Ah, ah, ah 

Songxia Bing's hand slowly from the tip of the tail, reverse to the tail root. 

Slender white fingers mixed with a few handfuls of soft fire red hair, but some good-looking. 

He accidentally followed from the root of the tail back to the tip of the tail. 

I didn't pay attention to it before. This tail looks good to touch and feels very good. 

I can't complain. It's said that the most popular ones who are under control are those with tails. 

Even Shi Qing, a tall man with six abdominal muscles, honey complexion, handsome face but not beautiful, with this tail, shows a bit of attractiveness. 

When his hand moved away from the tip of his tail, he looked at the man in his arms. He was dizzy and his mouth was open, but he couldn't make any sound. 

"Song Xia Bing" boss, are you ok? How are you feeling now? " 

It's very refreshing. 

The world is really special. He wants to stay for another 100 years.





 Shi Qing tried all his strength to not say the sentence "good again", although he could not speak now. 

Songxia Bing doesn't move any more. 

He has always been the best at observing people. How could he not know Shi Qing's temper after spending such a long time in the huoting team. 

The captain is known for his short temper and easy to get angry. He doesn't have any moral values. He robbed a woman back not long ago, which shows his disposition. 

Shi Qing was not only irritable, but also arrogant. For such a person, he pretended to experiment twice just now. If he came again, I'm afraid Shiqing would be angry with him. 

In any case, he was a man who was right to anger others, wasn't he. 

Song XiaBing has no problem with these. 

Anyway, he doesn't have any moral values, but he never disdains to do such immoral things. 

As a result, he waited patiently for the man in his arms to slow down, and the original broken breath also slowly returned to normal. 

The team leader of the fire brigade slowed down, and as expected, he immediately changed his face and pushed the pine summer ice away with a gloomy face. He staggered several times to stand firm. 

Shiqing's strength was not weak, but songxiabing has evolved twice. Of course, it is impossible for the chicken to be pushed away. 

But he followed the force, as if pushed to the ground half, some embarrassed sitting on the wet ground, from the bottom up, pitifully looking at Shiqing. 

"Boss..." 

Yes, he's showing weakness. 

Is not to endure hatred for the time being, show weakness to this enemy of Shiqing? 

Songxiabing used to pretend to be stupid for more than 20 years. How could these things not be done. 

After he put on a pitiful and bewildered look of pain, he had been paying attention to the expression of pain. As expected, he saw that the man, who was originally full of resentment and anger, looked a little better after seeing the expression on his face. 

But the tone is still very bad, "how can you compare to the women? I just pushed it and fell down. It's really a white face." 

Song XiaBing's sitting on the ground did not change. He only showed a timid look on his face and seemed to open his mouth hesitantly. His smooth and pleasant voice explained in a weak and weak way that "I was locked up here for three days, and I didn't eat any food, so I didn't have any strength..." 

He's lying with his eyes open. 

Since the evolution of his powers, song XiaBing has found that his powers will be stored in his body as if they devour other objects. 

It's like food. 

In short, he must be able to eat, but his stomach is definitely not hungry. 

But people in front of me don't know. 

He was put in here for three days, didn't he? 

The man was also wearing sweat on his handsome face. He was impatient, but he still said, "get up, I'll take you out to eat." 

Songxia ice showed a look of gratitude, as if it was very difficult to get up, but the bottom of my heart sneered. 

He knew that Shiqing hated him. No, to be exact, Shiqing hated him. 

This hatred comes for no reason, and is accompanied by dislike. 

Since he broke the secret of Shiqing, every time, this guy looked at him with cold and murderous eyes. 

As if he was just a tiny but offending ant. 

Song XiaBing is going to kill Shi Qing because of such a thing. 

The weak eat the strong, so it is. 

It just doesn't prevent him from hating Shiqing. 

Now this guy is going to die for such ridiculous reasons as trying to exercise his tail resistance. 

Then don't blame him for taking away Shiqing's life. 

Song XiaBing slowly stood up under the impatient sight of the man. His body was still dripping with water. Although his skin was not swollen because of the power, it was also very pale. 

With that beautiful face, and looks good figure, good a pity appearance. 

It's a pity that Shiqing is a straight man who doesn't appreciate men. 

He just stood in the same place condescending, the mouth of a moment of non-stop ridicule, "look at your weak Ji appearance, you still like a man? Weaker than a woman, I really don't know how you've lived to this day, relying on your firewood ability? " 

Song Xia Bing seems to be very hurt to hang down long eyelashes, pale face does not speak. 

The fists hanging on both sides slowly clenched. 

When Qing said these words, almost every sentence stepped on his thunder point. 

If you change to an impulsive person, you may have gone up directly to hold this guy's tail and teach him how to be a man. 

But he is songxiabing. 

He was the son of the pine family who had been dormant for 20 years, pretended to be a stupid dandy, and pulled all his enemies down at one time. 

When song XiaBing looks up again, the timid smile on his face is already flattering. 

"I'm sorry, boss. I'll be faster next time." 

"Hiss."The handsome man with honey skin hugged his arms and sneered, and his face was full of disdain. "You're the only one. Where can you go quickly?" 

"Weak chicken." 

With that, he looked up and down songxiabing and mercifully waved his hand. "Forget it, anyway, your role is to touch this thing behind me every day, and don't want you to beat zombies." 

He didn't say the rest, but the meaning was already there. 

Is to loose Xia Bing to fight, does he win? 

Song XiaBing didn't pay attention to this point. The dark light flashed in his eyes, slightly raised his eyes, and looked at Shiqing directly. 

"do I want to touch the boss's tail every day?" 

In front of the man's expression slightly stiff, behind only loose summer ice can see the fire red tail with fluffy hair, subconsciously block in front of the host. 

When Qing impatiently hugs the tail to press down, does not let it cover his sight, the mouth scolds "this broken thing is really troublesome." 

The big tail was pressed down. When he looked at Song XiaBing, his tone was at least eight degrees worse than before. "I said I should exercise. Of course, I have to touch every day to exercise." 

There's nothing wrong with the logic of the reason. 

However, song XiaBing vaguely felt that something was wrong, but after turning around in the bottom of his heart, he could not find out what was wrong, so he could only give up. 

Standing in front of him, Shi Qing had already begun to put out his hand to wipe off the sweat on his forehead, and then did a warm-up action, which could be regarded as a soft front leg. 

Sure there is no problem, he just swung his big tail and lifted his chin at Songxia Bing. "What's cold? Let's go." 

Songxia bingshun followed by the time Qing, out of the water prison. 

There are no guards on this side of the water prison. After all, it is said to be a water prison. In fact, it was just a swimming pool before the end of the world. 

After occupying this place, Shi Qing likes to swim when he has nothing to do. 

Of course, the water for swimming was released by the water system ability. 

Song XiaBing was also the first person to be thrown here. 

The swimming pool has naturally become a water prison. 

He followed Shiqing all the way out, and the people of the huoting team who met him on the way saw that he was so careful to follow Shi Qing, and his face was surprised. 

"Boss, he's not dead?" 

A little brother came up curiously and looked at Song XiaBing. He was sure that in addition to his pale face and a little wet on his body, he was really sound in limbs and clear in his eyes. He was very surprised. 

"Did you say you were shut up in the water for three days? If you change it into an ordinary person, you will not die and become disabled? " 

Shi Qing sneered, "who said he was an ordinary man, isn't he a power?" 

Little brother, I just remember that, yes, song XiaBing is still a power man. 

Songxiabing's ability is too useless. He forgot it. 

"Boss, isn't there no ransom from the pine family? What do you want him to do? You didn't say you wanted this kid to... " 

The younger brother said, stretched out his hand in the neck to do a cut neck movement, did not have the slightest scruples, the pine summer ice is nearby to listen. 

When Qing's face was ugly, he slapped him on the head and scolded, "I want you to take care of my affairs!" 

Br > "it seems that I'm in a bad mood when I've been slapped on the head by my boss 

"Wait a minute." 

Shi Qing reached out his hand and grabbed the man back with his collar. "Where's Zhou Xuanxuan?" 

"Locked up in the house, boss. She's been on a hunger strike for three days. I look at people like they're going to die." 

"What?" 

When Qing's voice suddenly high eight degrees, "she fasts, why don't you tell me?" 

The younger brother was scared, quickly protect his head, "you, you don't say, let her die, live and die?" 

Song Xia Bing heard the familiar name, slightly raised his eyes. 

Zhou Xuanxuan is also a famous female talent in the base. She has always been famous outside. As a girl, she has a flat chest and likes to wear men's clothes. Otherwise, she has a beautiful face and long hair. I'm afraid people will think that she is a man. 

Her ability is also level 7, because she dare to fight and fight, she has rich experience in fighting, and she can be regarded as a powerful figure in the base. However, she is too straightforward. Before that, she did not fight injustice for some insulted women, so she made many enemies. 

Before she went out of the base to look for supplies, she met a class of eight mutant plants. Fortunately, after escaping, her powers were completely destroyed. 

The high-level powers who once made many enemies became disabled. You can imagine her fate. 

Song XiaBing knew that the woman who was robbed by Shiqing was Zhou Xuanxuan. It is said that Shi Qing liked to be so spicy. On the day he got back, he announced that he wanted Zhou Xuanxuan to be his woman. 

When he went to see Shiqing again, he happened to see the man who was always full of "Lao Tzu dazzles and pulls cool and handsome, you are all a group of garbage". His eyes were full of worry, but his face was still fierce"When I say" live and die ", I mean I don't pay attention to her. Who let you starve her 

Little brother is also very aggrieved, "we are not hungry her, ah, the food is given to her, she does not eat." 

Zhou Xuanxuan's beautiful face is so beautiful. Even if she angered their boss, a group of bachelors in the huoting regiment are reluctant to starve her. They give her three meals a day, hoping that the beauty can appreciate them and kiss Fangze. 

She was snatched back by the boss. Yes, they dare not. But if Zhou Xuanxuan is willing to follow them, the situation will be different. 

Although the boss has a bad temper, he is still very generous. He may give people to them. 

"It's really his mother's trouble. Women are not good at this point. Now she's a disabled person. I'm so handsome and strong, and her ability is not weak. She's so pretentious." 

He touched his face and asked his younger brother, "do you think I'm not handsome? As for my handsome face, I don't know how many star scouts want me to be a star before the end of the world. " 

Song Xia Bing sneered at his self satisfied appearance. 

Who does not know that the majestic huoting team leader is just a gangster before the end of the Qing Dynasty, or that kind of muddlehead. 

Now it's going to put gold on your face. 

When Qing was angry and finished, he drove his younger brother to "roll away, a group of useless, don't know what to say and see at all. Next time you beat meat, you don't want to touch it." 

My little brother rolled away. 

Song Xia Bing looked at the impatient man walking a few steps in situ, and said, "forget it, I'm a big man. I don't care about women." 

It's going forward. 

He followed, with calculation in his heart. 

Shi Qing's words are fierce, but in fact, I'm afraid he really likes Zhou Xuanxuan. 

Otherwise, with his overbearing nature, he would have robbed Zhou Xuanxuan back. 

It's not like that. There's no base. 

Most of the incompetent women are snatched at will and sold as goods. 

Men who have no ability are either slaves or killed carelessly. 

Shi Qing was able to resist touching Zhou Xuanxuan, but it seemed that he was somewhat sincere. 

Of course, song XiaBing doesn't know. The original owner didn't want to touch Zhou Xuanxuan. 

In fact, the girl's temper is very hot. She is a rose with thorns. 

Zhou Xuanxuan is different. She is a bomb with thorns. 

As soon as the original master tried to bend her bow, she, with her own strength, gave the original Lord a son and daughter. 

Zhou Xuanxuan fought so many times. She not only trained her powers, but also her physical strength. Even if she was a cripple, she could be vigorous and cruel. 

Also thanks to the original master is a power, or a very powerful ability, or it is estimated that he will become a "disabled man" from now on. 

But even so, this foot also let him nest in the room for three days, and these three days happened to be song XiaBing's three days in the water prison. 

On the third day, the original owner recovered, thinking of the goods, and then ordered to loose Xia Bing to die. 

In the original plot, the original owner hates Zhou Xuanxuan for being "ungrateful". She is left to be hungry when she is hungry. The zombies are fed when they die of starvation. 

It can be said that Zhou Xuanxuan's death opened up a future in which the original owner bullied men and bullied women, and all kinds of shameless acts harmed countless people. 

And now 

Shi Qing swaggered to the room where Zhou Xuanxuan was locked. 

There was a little brother watching him outside. It happened to be that peevish little brother when he just woke up. When he saw him coming, he quickly flattered him. 

"boss, you're here, boss, don't worry. We'll see people dead and make sure that she can't fly!" 

His eldest brother is gloomy face, facial expression is not good-looking to extend a hand, palm, a group of flames have come out. 

Seeing that his hand was about to swing to the door, the little brother called out "boss!! Wait 

Shi Qing stopped and asked in a bad tone, "what are you doing?" 

Shivering, the younger brother took out the key from his arms and went to unlock the lock. "That, the boss, I have the key, and now the lock is very difficult to find..." 

He is really for the team resources. 

After all, it's hard to find a door that can be locked with a key, and it's very hard to lock it. 

If the boss destroys the lock, the next time he wants the lock, he has to go out and look for it. 

If it was the original owner, he must feel that he was small and might even kick him. 

But change to Shiqing 

The ugly look on his face was better, and it was hard to say, "yes, you think well." 

The little mouse's face is full of excitement. 

"Boss, don't worry, I will continue to work hard!" 

Songxia Bing is a bit unexpected. After a look at it, I can see clearly. 

As far as he knows, Shiqing has a bad temper, this little brother disobeys his meaning, Shiqing didn't kick a foot open?Shi Qing didn't pay attention to his look. 

He worked hard to maintain his current people, set up a single love Zhou Xuanxuan but can not love. 

The door opened. 

Zhou Xuanxuan, who is sitting at the table and is bored playing with her hair, is exposed to several people's eyes. 

When Qing looked at the past, his mind flashed through countless words praising people's appearance. 

Even if there is a memory, but really see a real person, he found out. 

Zhou Xuanxuan is really a beautiful wife. 

A beautiful face. 

Green silk like waterfall, slim body, even if it is because of hunger for three days and pale, that appearance is also very able to fight. 

Just also excited "the boss praised me, the boss praised me" the younger brother looked stunned. 

It's amazing how many times you look at this face. 

Only pine summer ice. 

Although it was the first time to see Zhou Xuanxuan, she only glanced at her, then moved away from her eyes and lowered her head without any expression on her face. 

Seeing his reaction, Zhou Xuanxuan, who was originally bored, raised her eyebrows and showed a little interest in her eyes to 

"Oh, there are still new people coming to see me today? It's rare. " 

Her voice is also soft and smooth, but there is no girl's crisp feeling, but a bit neutral. 

The man who robbed her came forward with a cold face and waved. 

Zhou Xuanxuan's little brother, who was still in a daze, did not move. 

Time Qing "..." 

He turned around angrily and scolded at his younger brother, "can't you see me calling you? Come here 

"Ah? Ooh, ooh, ooh 

The younger brother was called a rousing spirit, quickly and obediently ran on the front "boss, what's the order?" 

"You go, get something to eat, and give it to her." 

The little brother quickly nodded to go out, and then thought of what "but boss, she doesn't eat." 

"It doesn't matter." 

Shi Qing turned to look at the fearless Zhou Xuanxuan and sneered, "you don't want to eat, will you? I'll shave your face if you don't eat." 

"Whatever you want." 

Zhou Xuanxuan was playing with a handful of black hair in her hand. The beauty's face was full of Indifference: "you can shave as you like. You can play chess on my face. It's not just skin appearance. It's not all bones when people die." 

The man who robbed her in front of her seemed to be angry. He breathed heavily and reached out angrily. Several fires came to Zhou Xuanxuan. 

Just step forward and you can burn her face. 

Zhou Xuanxuan, however, was not afraid. She only supported her chin and blinked at Shi Qing. 

Time Qing "..." 

How does he feel that Zhou Xuanxuan is worse than him. 

There was no fire nearby. Shi Qing always held his hands, but he did not clench his fist to direct the flame forward. 

Zhou Xuanxuan looked at the man with a face full of anger, and the boredom on his face gradually became interested 

"isn't it? Do you really like me 

She covered her stomach with a smile and said, "Oh, my God, I'm laughing. Shiqing, you really like me." 

The handsome man's face was a little dark. 

"I just hate your face," he said 

"Yes, yes, I know. I know. I look good." 

Zhou Xuanxuan couldn't be happy. He didn't have the consciousness of being a prisoner. 

She finished laughing, and then blinked at Shiqing, "I won't eat, see what you can do with me." 

Seeing her chest rise and fall, she can't say a word for half a day. She has no prestige in the past. Song XiaBing, who has not spoken for a long time, suddenly says, "what if I cut your hair?" 

"Look at your hair. It's well done. You've been touching your hair, but you never dare to exert yourself. Do you care about it so much?" 

The smile on Zhou Xuanxuan's face stopped slightly. She squinted and looked up and down at Song XiaBing. "Oh, boy, the observation is good." 

"Yes." 

She cocked her legs and knocked on the table. "Serve me, I'll do it." 

Songxia Bing's lips showed a pure smile, looked at his face with doubt, turned his head to look at his man, Wen Sheng said 

"just want to share the worries for the boss." 

Because help when Qing avoided "oneself like the woman starves to death", when Qing looks at Pine summer ice's line of sight to be gentle many. 

Next, the man who was always impatient outside took songxiabing with him patiently, waiting for Zhou Xuanxuan to finish eating. 

Zhou Xuanxuan ate a basin of rice, two variant legs, and a bowl of soup. After that, she was full. She wiped her mouth and leaned comfortably on the chair 

"You are a girl, you eat so much..." 

"No way. I have a good appetite." 

Zhou Xuanxuan patted her stomach and said, "ah, Shi Qing, I really didn't expect you to like me. Really, I thought you just wanted to have sex with me. I didn't expect you to look like this, so..."She racked her brain and choked out a sentence: "how rude people will really feel for me, I feel guilty. If I knew you really like me, I would not refuse you." 

The man's eyes were bright, and his body was out of control. He took a step ahead of him. "You, what do you mean..." 

Zhou Xuanxuan stood up and announced, "I accept your pursuit." 

She said, while putting her hand on her coat, she simply pulled down the zipper and took it off. While taking off, she said, "I am a very emotional person. You are good to me, and I am also good to you. Come on, don't wait. Let's have a great success of love and harmony now." 

Songxiabing can clearly feel that the whole people of Shiqing are excited, and the man even stutters: "now, now?" 

"Yes, now, time is running out. Come on, come on." 

Zhou Xuanxuan took off her coat and was looking forward to her last dress. 

"Wait, wait, wait!" 

Shi Qing quickly turned to cover the eyes of Songxia Bing and said, "wait a minute, he still..." 

His words stopped abruptly. 

Cover the eyes of Songxia ice, also stiff release. 

Songxia ice slightly twisted eyebrows, vigilant back a step, see the scene in front of. 

Zhou Xuanxuan's coat is not there. He is taking off his belt and taking the upper body of his man. The beauty's face is full of obscene smile 

"I didn't expect it. I took it out to be bigger than you." 

Songxia ice "..." 

Rao is as deep as pine summer ice, and is shocked by the scene in front of him. 

Not to mention Shi Qing, the "woman" who "really likes" Zhou Xuanxuan next to him. 

Men are petrified. 

A few seconds later, he was livid and staggered out of the room. 

Then, outside came the sound of painful retching. 

Song XiaBing looks at Zhou Xuanxuan curling her lips and slowly puts on her clothes. "Ah, I've heard that he's afraid of the same thing for a long time. I didn't expect that even a beautiful face like me can't be cured?" 

"It seems that we are still predestined." 

Fear of the same 

Songxia ice down eyelashes, eyeground is full of thinking. 

For a homophobic man, it makes him feel worse to be with a man than to kill him. 

You can see it when you see it. 

He hasn't done anything with Zhou Xuanxuan. Zhou Xuanxuan just showed him his upper body, which made him sick. 

His eyebrows gently picked, turned out of the door, came to the man who was vomiting madly But could not produce anything, and patted him on the back. 

His eyes fell on the flaming red tail that drooped down. 

The corner of the mouth, slightly cocked up. 

He seems to know how to get revenge.





 Song Xia Bing patted when Qing's strength can be said to be very gentle, very in line with his now small white face (cross off) set up. 

When Qing Tieqing was blue, he straightened up after half a noise, and then he looked like he was badly hit! Damn it 

However, in fact, 

ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! 

System alert host, you will not cheat! 

When did I get together with song XiaBing? Make sure he wanted to kill me. 

The system didn't say anything, but tried hard to persuade Shiqing. But the host, you are not good. You know that you have always been a person, this woman No, no, no, this man can't 

Shi qingtut, don't worry, I appreciate this beauty, but I still have integrity. 

System 

Integrity 

Do you really have a host for this thing? 

But now that Shi Qing promised, he still put down a little bit. 

Keep quiet like a chicken. 

Songxia ice is always in the action of light and slow, when clear along the gas "boss, don't be angry." 

"Shit! The woman I like is actually a man. Why don't you make me angry? " 

"Ouch! No, the more I think about it, the more disgusting I feel. I almost have a man Ouch 

The man continued to retch. 

Song Xia Bing continues to pat Shi Qing's back. 

He felt as if he were following the fur of an angry fox. 

Well, the reason why we say it's a fox rather than a lion or something, of course, is that the angry look along with the time and the flaming red tail shaking with anger. 

It looks like he's really pissed off. 

The hair on the tail blew. 

The originally big tail is now more fat, shaking and venting his anger. 

Song Xia Bing slightly squinted, looking at it with deliberately seduced him in general, in front of him shaking to shake the tail, the hand is really a little itchy. 

One of his hands kept following Shiqing's back, and the other hidden behind his back. His slender fingertips slightly pointed, and a thread of black fog twined between his fingers. 

Nose tip, as if you can smell a bad smell of vegetable paste. 

It should be the chef of the base or the cook. 

Songxia Bing moved her finger slightly. 

Strength It's recovered. 

Since the second evolution of powers, he can clearly feel as if he has entered a new level. 

At least, if we grasp the weakness of tail, he can suppress Shiqing. 

The rest of the huoting team are not his opponents. 

If you take a hand at this time, you will suppress Shiqing, and then you will see his handsome face which is always written with disdain. Then in front of him, you will invade his dignity of a man. 

I want him to splash tears on his honey skin. 

At that time, the expression on his face must be very good. 

Ding! The repulsion degree of Songxia ice sheet is 599 out of 100 

well. When Qing straightened up, he was a little surprised. He was very generous. This was a little less. 

The system may be due to Big base 

Anyway, he really has no hope for the world. 

Before the immortal knight errant, the host can also find a tail hanging secret place. 

Now it's modern. 

Even in the end of the world, there is nothing in the plot that can tamper with the memory. 

What's more, songxiabing has not lost his memory. 

The system knows that Shi Qing likes the setting of the tail, so the salted fish suggests that if it's not possible, you should take a vacation and be happy. 

When really imagine a moment, regardless of songxiabing's will, bind people by force, and ask each other to touch their own tail's happiness. 

No way. 

To return to think, he still refused. What I want is his willingness. How can you come up with such a bad idea. 

System??? 

They don't have to be sent out in a month? How can I fail to learn?? 

Shi Qing really has his own integrity. 

It's cool to be forced, though. 

But his big tail is strong enough to be forced! 

Because of the retching just now, the man straightened up and coughed earthshaking. 

Song Xia Bing's hand, slowly fell on the top of the big red tail. 

"Yo ~" 

with the sound, song XiaBing's eyes flashed with cold color, and her long finger naturally fell on Shi Qing's body, gently stroked it, and asked in a warm voice 

"boss, do you want me to pour you a glass of water?" 

Zhou Xuanxuan, who made that sound, came out, leaned against the door and took a deep breath of "the air of freedom is so good." 

He smiles and walks out with him. His face is repulsive and resentful. He stares at him and touches his long black straight hair."I didn't expect that my second ability can always arouse people's desire but can't do it. I didn't expect that when you heard it for so long, you didn't have a thing. You are worthy of the seventh level ability." 

"Yes, that's right. I'm a rare double power. This second ability is also very chicken ribs, but it can cause the most desired thing in the heart of people who smell it." 

"But it's a pity." Zhou Xuanxuan shrugged. "It doesn't seem to be of any use to you." 

Shiqing staggered to stand up straight, hate hate to look at the big girl in front of her, angry voice 

"who said I was ok, I almost vomited bile out!" 

The implication is that what he longed for most was vomiting. 

Zhou Xuanxuan didn't care at all, and looked at Song XiaBing again. "It's strange that he didn't respond. You didn't respond. Didn't you smell my fragrant smell?" 

"What do I think you didn't react at all, shouldn't you? Don't you want to do something?" 

When Songxia ice falls, Qing's fingers flick slightly. 

He just heard the smell 

What I want to do is to press the time under my body. 

In the heart doubt, his face is still silent, warm voice way "I smell is rice paste flavor." 

When Qing lean on him, cold hiss a "Laozi smell of durian, smoked my skull pain." 

Zhou Xuanxuan's face is black. 

The beauty's face was twisted up. "What smell do you have? I'm clearly the fragrance of Gardenia!" 

But after a few seconds of twisting, he regained the beauty of the beauty, touched his hair and calmed down. 

"I know, Shiqing, your powers are higher than me, and this young man is an ordinary man, so you can't feel the 100% power of my powers." 

When Qing slowly came over, iron green face, cross asked, "you said, you pretend to be a woman lurking in my side is what conspiracy." 

"Sir, can you be reasonable?" 

Zhou Xuanxuan almost didn't get angry. "It's my ability. I'm hiding at home to recuperate. You come down from the sky and kick the door and snatch me back. After that, you still want to fight with me. That's all. I promised to fight with you. As a result, you turned around and vomited. Where did you put my face?" 

Standing beside the pine summer ice, the man's face is still ugly. 

He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. 

"Get out of the fire for me 

"Not at all." 

Zhou Xuanxuan yawned and went to the house and said, "there are so many people outside who want me to die. Am I not going to die? Anyway, we all know that I was robbed by you. You will be kind and take me in for a few days 

"Oh." 

"Do you still kick your nose and face? If you don't leave, you'll die! " 

"Whatever you want." 

Zhou Xuanxuan was not afraid. "If you give up my face, you can do it. Anyway, I still look like a woman when I don't speak." 

The old man's face was even more ugly. 

But it never started. 

Therefore, song XiaBing stood beside him, and Zhou Xuanxuan, together with him, gave a little wink and swung the door into the door. 

He asked Shi Qing, "boss, don't you really want to kill him?" 

Shi Qing's handsome face was full of anger, but he didn't say he was going to kill Zhou Xuanxuan. 

Definitely not. 

If you kill me, how can you do it. 

"Forget it." 

He looked as if he was angry and closed the door. "He was also a high-level power at least. Keep him useful for the fire." 

All the powers are useless. What's the use. 

Songxia Bing if think of a look at the side of the man's face of indignation, the bottom of my heart has a dispute. 

Shi Qing I'd rather not give up that face. 

Oh, man. 

His eyes were on the fire red tail, which was still shaking with anger. His eyes were slightly raised, and his voice was soft. 

"boss, are you still uncomfortable? I just thought of a way to exercise tail resistance. Do you want to try it? " 

Shi Qing looked at him suspiciously, but his tail didn't shake. He just cocked up with some doubts. 

"what can you do 

Songxia ice low voice, to the man's ear, light voice "since can't resist its role, it's better to try to enjoy it?" 

When Qing looked at his sight, it was hard to say. 

It seems that there are a lot of goosebumps. "You talk well, don't sell me the beans." 

Song Xia Bing low smile "boss, I found out before, when I touch your tail, you are not painful..." 

He dropped his eyes slightly and looked at the earlobe beside his lips. The dark color of his eyes flashed past. He heard a mellow voice and lowered it a little. It was like a lover's whisperHowever, the man's body was not as stiff as he expected. Instead, he looked at him with a straight and strong look and said, "what's cool? It's not that I don't have strength." 

Songxia ice "..." 

Why didn't Shiqing play cards according to common sense. 

Oh, by the way, he's a straight guy. 

This kind of teasing method to him, I'm afraid, is annoying. 

I mean, since we can't change its characteristics, we can try to touch it from a cool angle, maybe we can make you adapt to it 

Shi Qing narrowed his eyes, touched his chin, took out a cigarette and held it in his mouth. His handsome and strong face showed his thoughtfulness 

"what you said is reasonable." 

He patted Xia Bing on the shoulder and said, "let's go back to my room and have a try." 

He promised to be so happy, again let songxiabing some did not keep up with the progress. 

Maybe it's seeing pine, summer ice, stunned and motionless. 

With his cigarette in his mouth, the man slapped his shoulder again, looked up and down at Song XiaBing, and said, "let's go. I'm still in a daze. I'm afraid I'm cool. What should I do to you? Don't worry. You're not a woman. I'm not a beast." 

"Two big men, what are you afraid of?" 

He is very generous to raise eyebrows at songxiabing, reach out and swing his tail, 

"at ease, feel at ease."





 Shiqing took songxiabing to his house directly. 

As the boss of the firestorm team, level seven high-level ability, his room is of course how luxurious and luxurious. 

And the taste is very different. 

On the wall was a picture of an eagle flying from nowhere. On the ground was a huge carpet of tiger skin. 

It's a real one. 

After all, animals have changed after the end of the world. The tiger, which was originally very large, is even more frightening. Let alone the tiger with the ability, its height is even higher. 

This tiger skin is the original owner and the man beat down a power variation beast, specially asked people to tanned the leather and spread it on the ground as a symbol of glory. 

Before the end of the original owner, he was a ruffian who had left school early. He had never mixed up with anything. Naturally, he would not have any aesthetic taste. Therefore, the floor was not only covered with tiger skin carpet, but also covered with leopard print blanket. 

The chairs in the room are used as cushions, and the tiger skins are cut into pieces. 

The style of painting is quite strange. 

At least when song XiaBing, who came here for the first time, opened the door, he thought he was not in the end of the world, but some grassland tribe. 

Even if he was a child, he had no status in the pine family. At any rate, when he grew up a little bit, he did not lack money to spend, and his appreciation ability was absolutely online. 

Now seeing the layout of the house with such hot eyes, song XiaBing feels that his eyes are almost blind. 

However, the swaggering man in front of him didn't feel anything wrong with his arrangement. He threw his shoes off his feet and stepped on the tiger skin carpet. At the same time, he took off his coat and walked forward. He didn't forget to turn back and order song XiaBing to take off your shoes, but don't dirty my carpet 

Songxia bingshun took off his shoes and stepped on the tiger skin blanket to find that although it was a carpet, the fur on it was not smooth at all. Stepping on his feet was just like a piece of human things. It was very uncomfortable. 

He had suffered a lot, and naturally he could not bear it. 

But looking at the handsome man in front, who soon had only a vest and big underpants, showing his good-looking chest and beautiful biceps, he stepped forward. 

"Hiss!" 

As if being pricked very painful in general, Songxia ice issued a light call, directly back. 

"What's the matter?" 

Shi Qing was really attracted by his voice. He turned around and saw song XiaBing frowning slightly. He looked down at Bai Shengsheng's feet with pain on his face. He picked up his eyebrows, and his impatience was heavier. 

"Why are you so troublesome? You are as delicate as a girl." 

Song XiaBing bowed his head and drew his image closer to the weak. He said cautiously, "I'm sorry, boss. I didn't mean to. I and I won't disturb you any more..." 

Said, his face "I want to bear with me, I can", while wrinkling delicate eyebrows, while carefully stepping on the mine like feet slowly put on the carpet. 

One step, one more step. 

It didn't look like it landed on the carpet, it landed on the tip of a knife. 

From time to time also issued a hissing exclamation, and then as if suddenly remembered can not quarrel, then clear, quickly shut up, biting lips, a face delicate and pathetic forward. 

When Qing tut tut tut. 

This guy, more than he can pretend. 

Song XiaBing's efforts were not in vain. The man who stood there impatiently and looked at him finally couldn't bear it. He directly bent down to put away his precious tiger skin carpet and scolded at the same time. 

"how do you live to now, Pea Princess? You are in trouble." 

Song XiaBing stood in place, looking at the man who was scolding and collecting the carpet. He raised his eyebrows slightly from the angle he couldn't see. 

But with a timid tone on his mouth, he cautiously said, "sorry, boss, I didn't mean to." 

"If you mean it, I will kill you." 

Shi Qing quickly received his side and patted his calf, "Tut, you not only look like a woman, but also these feet are like a woman." 

Songxia Bing's feet are really white and tender, but it was not like this before. 

He looked down, and sure enough, he saw that the scars left before the leg were gone. 

It seems that, just like the dark wounds that disappeared from his body after the evolution of powers, these traumas have disappeared, and his skin is still several degrees white, and he has not suffered much. 

It's no surprise that Songxia ice is not. 

After all, after all, the appearance of a man who became a beast suddenly rose. It was no big deal that he evolved a power to remove the external injuries and internal injuries. 

The tiger skin carpet has been put away. 

When Qing treasure carefully put his blanket, this just sat on the bed again, leaning over there, a pair of waiting to wait on the old man's appearance, waved to the pine summer ice. 

"Come here." 

This pair of gestures called kittens and puppies successfully let song XiaBing's eyes darken. He showed a smile on his face and slowly moved forward. 

The old man comfortably leaned on his leopard print blanket, and the fire red tail behind him swayed with his master's relaxation.Shiqing controls his tail and reaches songxiabing's hand to "touch it." 

Song Xia Bing continued to show timidity on his face and said softly, "boss, how many times should I touch it?" 

"Well? How many times? " 

Shi Qing shook his tail and thought about "five times." 

"Just five." 

Songxia Bing nodded and stretched out his hand. As soon as his hand fell on his tail, he stopped again and looked at Shi Qing carefully. 

"if I touch it for a while, you can't bear to ask me to stop. Do I stop or not?" 

He deliberately added these three words. 

Sure enough, the man in front of him raised his eyebrows, and his handsome face was full of disdain: "can't I stand it?" 

I knew it was. 

Songxia ice silk is not unexpected when Qing's reaction. 

After all, this guy is arrogant, impetuous and face saving. How can he admit that he can't stand touching his tail. 

Not long ago, he was still panting. 

"But boss, if you want me to stop for a while, I stop, then the exercise effect is not good?" 

"I haven't exercised again. How can I know if the effect is good?" 

"Come on, I'll tell you to stop. Don't stop. Don't waste time." 

Songxiabing is guaranteed, looking down at the man with his back to himself. 

In fact, when Qing's height and he is almost the same, but loose summer ice, although abdominal muscle is not lack, the body shape looks but thin some. 

However, in the Qing Dynasty, he was a thug who lived by force before the end of the world. He loved to bask in the sun. He looked strong, tall and strong. 

At the moment, he was lying on his side. From the angle of songxiabing, he could see that his long and powerful legs were folded up and down, and his big underpants were loose and square, and his waistcoat seemed to be a little short, revealing his honey colored waist. 

And then down, is that fire red tail a swing, shaking fluffy hair. 

It's not a pity figure. 

But it can cause people's deep desire. 

Maybe it's song XiaBing who has been watching for too long and has no action. The man who is waiting for him to start his hand turns his head impatiently and is opening his mouth and scolding, "what are you doing? Hurry up Ah 

With Song Xia Bing's hand falling on the fire red tail, the words of time Qing suddenly stop. 

Almost immediately, the man's honey and handsome face showed a trace of red. 

He opened his lips slightly, his eyes were in a trance for a moment, and then he came to himself again. 

Songxiabing deliberately only touches the hair on the top of his tail without any other action. 

He asked because this time it was just a touch and there was no extra action, so he quickly reflected that he said, "boss, is this better this time?" 

Even if the stimulation is not as big as before, the man who has been stimulated naturally doesn't notice the hands and feet made by song XiaBing. After realizing that his speed of returning to his mind this time is faster than before, his face is brightened. 

"I didn't expect it would work." 

Said, he is trying to twist the body to see his tail, Songxia ice has once again started. 

This time, his hand fell on the root of the tail. 

Then, hold it hard. 

"Shit!" 

When Qing only had time to scold, then he did not care about looking back at the tail. 

Song XiaBing opens his lips and makes a pleasant sound like Ding Dong spring sound 

The man lying on his side with his tail fully exposed realized what he realized, and subconsciously ordered him to 

"no, wait a minute. At least let me slow down Eh 

The young man's slender clean fingers follow the tail root, all the way to the tail tip, he is slowly up, and quickly from the tail tip, down to the tail root. 

His hairy fire red hair was just over his pretty white fingertips. 

He could clearly feel that the whole tail was shaking and shaking with the passing. 

Songxia ice "three times." 

When Qing whole body all curled up, forcefully curled up that tall body into a ball. 

He shivered and recovered after half a sound. He grasped the leopard print blanket with his hands dead, so hard that the back of his hands was full of blue veins. He clenched his teeth and didn't say a word. 

Song Xia Bing looked at the stubborn man who refused to make a sound. He glanced at his violent ups and downs of the chest, and took a hand again. 

But this time he didn't go from the base of his tail to the tip of his tail, nor from the tip of his tail to the root of his tail. 

It's about holding the tail, massaging it, pressing it once and for all. 

"No Wait... " 

When Qing squeezed out a word or two from his teeth, he couldn't help breathing with his mouth.At the moment, he doesn't care about anything. 

Only trembling voice, tone also do not know whether it is because of physical reasons, but as if a bit choked pleading, "can not bear Stop. " 

Song XiaBing looked at him from a commanding position, his lips slightly raised, and his voice was still gentle 

"sorry, boss, you just told me that you can't stop." 

He watched with his own eyes when Qing always contained the angry and impatient eyes, and he was unwilling to condense together. 

Impolitely clenched the hairy tail. 

With great speed, it suddenly reverses from the tip of the tail to the root of the tail. 

"Ah, ah, ah, ah 

The man screamed, his pupils tightened in an instant, his hand holding the blanket clenched violently, and the veins on the back of his hand were about to burst out. 

Song Xia Bing always stood in the same place. After a long time of clearing, he stretched out his hand in a dispirited manner. His tight body was also slowly relaxed and spread out. 

At this time, the man who is always very imposing on the outside has already completely forgotten what year, month and day. 

He was sweating all over his body, and his clothes were also soaked with sweat, not to mention his forehead, which had been covered with fine and dense beads of sweat. 

At the moment, he was panting, and his face was blank and confused. 

Song XiaBing waits patiently. 

He thought that Shiqing would blame him for not stopping. 

But as long as he is weak, he can take out the requirements of Shi Qing just now. 

After five minutes, I felt like a man who had just been pulled out of the water. 

He sat up slowly, propped up with soft hands. 

There are still some too exciting confusion on the face, but the eyes have been clear. 

Shi Qing opened his mouth and said, "just 

Songxiabing immediately starts Bailian mode. 

I'm sorry, boss, but I dare not disobey your orders. I'm afraid you should blame me when you wake up 

It can be said that the responsibility has been completely shifted. 

Song Xia Bing guessed, when Qing may be angry, but in the end is his own words, can only swallow this stuffy loss. 

Unexpectedly, the man who came back slowly raised a smile on his face and patted him on the shoulder. 

"you did a good job. In that case, don't listen to what I said." 

With that, he hugged his fiery red tail and wiped the sweat on his head, which made him happy to find a new toy. 

"it was so cool just now. Damn it, Lao Tzu didn't feel so happy even though he interacted with his left hand closely." 

Songxia ice "..." 

When Qing finished his real feeling, he shook his hand. He felt that his hand was not so soft that he couldn't make up his strength. He put down his tail, patted his underpants, and then patted loose Xia Bing's shoulder. 

"Your idea is good. From the perspective of enjoyment, this tail is not so useless. OK, if I want it, you can come and serve me." 

Songxia ice "..." 

How could he be so uncomfortable. 

The man on the bed actually got up directly and said to him, "you go outside and ask a water system ability to come in and drain the bathtub for me." 

With that, he kicks his legs again, and his expression after the event 

"it's been a long time, so I need to wash it." 

What does cool have to do with washing? 

Songxia ice at the bottom of the heart just out of this sentence, suddenly realized what, the line of sight can't believe fell on the flower underpants of time Qing. 

When the man came into contact with his sight, he didn't feel embarrassed. He laughed and shook his leg. "You can see it." 

Song XiaBing looks stiff. 

Slowly turned his head and looked at the shoulder that had just been patted by Shiqing. 

If he remembers correctly, Shi Qing is patting him on the shoulder, as if Touch the flowered underpants 

Song XiaBing's face is green. 

He was ready for everything, but he didn't expect that Shiqing had such a thick skin. He didn't have any shame. 

He was unwilling to put on a cautious look on his face and asked the man who was kicking and shaking hands in a low voice: "boss, you don't have any psychological burden. It's the same with other brutalizers just now." 

"What psychological burden can Laozi have? You are a man and I am a man. What am I afraid of? " 

Anyway, in a room, only song XiaBing saw it alone, and he didn't lose face to show it to others. 

Shiqing looked at him inexplicably, threw his wet vest off his body, and went to the closet to rummage clothes. 

After finding out a black vest, he didn't put it on himself. Instead, he put it on his shoulder and lifted his chin carelessly"Speaking of it, this tail is really cool. Unfortunately, I can't control it myself. If only I could control it. Later, when I have a girlfriend, it will be the interest of lovers." 

I don't know what he thought. His handsome face showed a lewd smile. If it wasn't for the good face, it would have been so indecent and indecent. 

He also hoped that Shi Qing would become angry or feel humiliated 

He did not give up to remind a "but I am a man." 

When Qing hey hey a smile, toward him proud a pick eyebrow, "who is not how." 

He ordered to song XiaBing, "you serve well. I'll call you later, and you'll come. I'll be happy. I'll have a reward." 

Songxia ice "..." 

This kind of reasonable and vigorous attitude of "waiting for bed" 

All right. 

He found out. 

Shi Qing was a man of iron and steel.





 Shiqing, a straight man of iron and steel, had a happy life. 

Although I was happy for three days. 

He didn't take advice. 

He's straight. 

Do straight men think they shouldn't have sex with each other? 

Of course not! 

Some men who love men may deliberately avoid homosexual contact, but straight men don't. 

Because in the eyes of straight men. 

He is a man, others are also men, get along with more comfortable than girls. 

And as a rampant huoting team boss, he has never embarrassed himself. 

It feels good. Of course, it's going to continue. 

No problem! 

As a result, songxiabing was called to sleep for three consecutive days. 

His desire to see Shiqing's jokes faded away. 

As a rich second generation who has always shaped his own playfulness, but dislikes other people's dirty, and has never touched a man or a woman. 

Songxiabing can't understand Shiqing's practice. 

At the same time, he took the initiative to soften into a pool of water under his man's hand. 

What do you mean. 

Can't it be in Shi Qing's eyes that he's not a man? 

At the thought of this possibility, song XiaBing's face will turn green. 

He's never been so bent since he was six. 

Once upon a time, he would eat a pig behind his back. 

Now he pretends to be a pig eating a tiger. Tiger actually regards him as a pig and justifiably asks him to "serve". 

A man can't bear it. 

Gradually he began to change his mind. 

Don't use it. Just kill it. 

No, fry and kill. 

"Well, what do you think? The expression on your face is so gloomy." 

Song XiaBing, who was sent out by Shiqing to make soup, is looking down at the bubbling pot and thinking whether to kill or use these people. A little brother comes. 

The people of the huoting team didn't pay much attention to Songxia Bing. 

Before, when he was a young master of the Song family, they would speak carefully. Although they also instructed song XiaBing to work, they didn't start at all. 

But it has changed since the time Qing Dynasty expressed a bad feeling towards songxiabing. 

After all, the boss doesn't like you anymore. How can we like you. 

Song XiaBing doesn't have a beautiful face like Zhou Xuanxuan again. Even if he has a good one, his gender is male, and his younger brothers certainly don't like him. 

When the Song family refused to pay a ransom for song XiaBing, which meant that he could live and die, they had no shackles. 

Now Songxia ice recovered a life, and was left in the huoting team, the younger brothers naturally took him as the bottom of the food chain. 

In the past few days, most of songxiabing was with the boss. They couldn't find a chance. Now it's different. 

It's rare that there is a bully in the team. Of course, we have to shake our prestige. 

Song XiaBing has a look at this little brother. 

But a level two power. 

Recently, he was impatient by the various Sao operations of Shiqing, and now he doesn't want to pretend to go on. 

Shiqing is a level seven ability. He is equal to the opponent, so it's OK to pretend in front of Shiqing. 

A passer-by, he has no patience. 

"What eyes are you looking at?" 

Obviously, songxiabing's cold line of sight makes my younger brother unhappy. He will kick songxiabing with one foot in the past. 

The young man quickly stood behind the pot, with a smile in his voice and a chill in his eyes 

Little brother "..." 

He could only put down his feet in anger. 

Before a few steps to grasp the Songxia ice. 

As a result, he did not know what was going on. It was clear that song XiaBing was a weak chicken known to all in the team, but he did not catch it for half a day. 

This man is like a loach. He moves around the pot without leaving his hands. He is afraid that the pot will be spilled and taught to be a man by the boss. He can only bite his teeth and continue to grasp. 

Five minutes later 

He wheezed and gasped. He felt that he didn't walk much, but he was very tired. 

"You You Whoa! How dare you Oh, how dare you avoid me. " 

Song Xia Bing is still like that. His body is clear and cool, and there is no sweat. Wen Wen stands weakly and looks at him. 

He's in a better mood after playing games. 

My brother is still puffing and panting, so tired that I can't stand up. 

Song XiaBing raises eyebrows and says, "you can't do it? I haven't tried my best to hide. Aren't you a second class? " 

"I I... " 

I can't be angry, and I have to catch it again. As a result, Songxia Bing flashed away, and he almost fell into the pot. 

Seeing that he couldn't catch it, he began to talk."Punk, what are you proud of? What else do you have except that face? I think you should not be in our team, and go to be a man's rabbit Lord. Anyway, your mother is a prostitute, and prostitutes are so cheap. Of course, you also..." 

Song XiaBing was in a good mood when he heard about his mother. 

With a smile on the face look also gradually gloomy down, hanging in one side of the slender fingers, light fog gradually appeared winding. 

"Damn you!" 

Don't wait for him to shoot, when Qing already from the back a foot to kick the younger brother to the ground. 

Men have always been grumpy, but never this dark face. 

"You and him! Uncle's!! Mouth is for Farting!! What's the matter 

A broken sentence is a foot. 

He didn't use the power, but the younger brother didn't dare to resist. He was completely frightened by the sudden appearance of the eldest brother. He quickly lay down on the ground and let him beat and scold him. 

"Boss, I'm wrong. I'm wrong. Don't hit me. Please, boss!" 

All kinds of prestige to the weak. 

To beg for mercy and ingratitude to fierce people. 

This is the characteristic of most people after the end of the world. 

However, Shi Qing didn't let him go at all. He still kicked one foot at a time, and his eyes were full of ferocity. 

"the next time I let me hear this kind of words, you'd better wait for the corpse to be fed!" 

He stopped. 

Seeing his little brother get up and dare not go, the tall man in front of him is full of irritability and a foot in the past 

"you don't roll! Waiting to be beaten up, right? " 

"Yes, yes, I'm going. I'm sorry, boss." 

NBS younger brother saved a small life, and was about to run. 

"Wait!" 

The tall man suddenly stopped him, looked up and down at him, and suddenly changed his mind. 

"You like to have a good time, don't you? OK, we'll go to practice martial arts later. I'll fight with you without any power. I want to see how powerful the people who dare to shake the prestige of my people in my territory. " 

I was so scared that he would die on the spot. 

How can Shi Qing fight? Can they be younger brothers? 

He quickly begged for mercy, "boss, I'm wrong, boss, I don't dare anymore, please..." 

"Please, I have a fart!" 

When Qing sneered and kicked him a foot, and then to look around the younger brothers, "you are also very fierce ah, their own people hit their own people, you watch the excitement?" 

Originally, people around him who were chasing song XiaBing as a joke were scared. They didn't dare to make a sound and stood in the same place with their necks shrunk. 

Shi Qing's eyes were fierce, and they 

"I invited you to come in to let you see the excitement?? Not enough zombies? The mutant is not strong enough? Do you want me to get a mutant plant and call you back every day 

A group of younger brothers dare not say anything. They dare not say anything. They are like the old ladies in the village. They don't say exercise or talk about a girlfriend. They just gather together to chat with each other every day, hoping that your father will die long ago, get rid of me, and go out to the base to kill the zombie tomorrow 

The boys shrunk their necks and ran faster than rabbits one by one. 

Song Xia Bing is still standing in place, looking at a face of fierce tall man, his eyes out of a trace of interest, the black fog on the fingers gradually dispersed. 

"Boss." 

When Qing just finished the fierce younger brothers, they heard the Song Xia Bing calling him. 

Tut Tut, that voice, weak, with a little admiration. 

He turned his head again and saw Songxia Bing looking at him gratefully. 

Shiqing seemed to see a little white lotus that was not inferior to his own, swaying in front of him. 

Unfortunately, he is a straight man who doesn't know how to appreciate. 

So he can only regret his heart and dislike "can you not always show this kind of motherly expression, disgusting or not." 

Songxia ice "..." 

He took a deep breath and gave a smile on his face. 

"I want to thank the boss. If you hadn't helped me just now, I might have been killed." 

The little brother who was left by Shiqing was stunned. Then he said in a hurry, "no boss, I didn't touch him just now. I..." 

"Ah..." 

Songxia Bing heavily sighed and whispered, "I could have run just now, but boss, if you want to drink soup, I can only stand there waiting for him to hit me." 

Little brother 

Little brother "no, boss, he didn't stand there, he..." 

Song XiaBing was sad and pathetic. "The boss has seen it with his own eyes. You want to cheat him. I could have run just now, but I stood here for five minutes. Look at him, boss." 

Little brother on the line of sight when Qing is not good. 

Little brother "..."Little brother "boss, he didn't run all the time. Yes, but he..." 

"Cough, cough..." 

Song XiaBing coughed violently, and sure enough, he attracted Shi Qing's sight. The man with a grumpy look on his face flashed worry, and subconsciously took a few steps to 

"what's the matter with you?" 

The younger brother gaped at Song XiaBing, who had just turned pale and breathless, and said, "ah, I'm going to die." he fell into his elder brother's arms with a weak and pitiful attitude. He and I may have been beaten just now 

Little brother 

Who specially hit you!! 

I don't even get a hair from you, OK!! 

Again!! You don't have hair either!!! 

"Boss, boss, I really don't have..." 

Little brother carefully called a, when Qing but ferocious glare at him, a hold up pine summer ice "what call! Call the doctor at once 

Little brother "..." 

I really don't have it. 

Song Xia Bing was held in her arms. 

It was the first time he was picked up in this way. 

And 

His mind was rather complicated, and he cleared his face of tension as he looked. 

Shi Qing He's nervous? 

How could 

He clearly wanted to kill him before. 

Songxia Bing has only been out of the water prison for three days. 

He didn't feel humiliated by Princess Shiqing. Anyway, he was not a very shameful person. 

He just leaned in the man's arms and sniffed. 

It's delicious. 

didn't expect this big man to be very careful. He actually sprayed grass scented perfume on his body. 

When the Qing embraces the pine summer ice, a face nervous gallop. 

Zhou Xuanxuan opened the door, looked out at their backs, and sniffed his nose suspiciously. 

"Strange." 

He said to himself, turning his head to see his big tail, "the second fox?" 

Songxia ice was cremated all the way by Shiqing and carried to his house with lightning. 

Putong was thrown on the leopard print blanket. 

Then I felt a pair of slender hands clapping him up and down nervously. In front of him was the nervous tone of the man 

"how about? Is it hard or not? Where are you hurt?? There won't be any internal injuries, will you? I shit 

Seeing that he didn't speak, the man was worried, "you his uncle's is talking, dumb you!" 

Songxia ice slightly raised eyes, you can see when clear fundus of pure concern. 

Full, no other. 

In his memory, from before to now, only his mother would look at him with such eyes. 

Only his mother would care for him like this. 

He moved his fingers a little, his eyes complex. 

Shi Qing 

Fall in love with him? 

Only three days?? 

Ding! The repellency of Songxia ice sheet is 560 out of 100 

system host Well, do you think it's a broken design? 

Shiqing is at ease. It doesn't count. 

He was sure that at best tricks.





 The doctor will be here soon. 

The tall man sat on one side nervously, watching the doctor examine song XiaBing with healing ability. 

When the doctor took it back, he even asked, "doctor, what's the matter? He won't die, will he 

The doctor took back his hand with a strange look on his face. 

"There is no wound on him?" 

Song Xia Bing a face uncomfortable sit up "but I am very uncomfortable, and always want to cough, head is also very dizzy, or you help me to see the body." 

Doctor " I'm only a level 4 cure system. It seems that I need level 7 in my body, but we don't have level 7 in our base. " 

"I'll give you crystal core now, and you'll advance quickly." 

Doctor "..." 

"Boss, even if I absorb a thousand crystal nuclei, the base is here, I can't advance much." 

Song XiaBing coughed weakly on his face for several times 

"cough, boss, forget it. In fact, I was weak since I was a child. I had been in the water prison for a few days before, and I was scared again, so 

The doctor was afraid that his elder brother would really do something to force him to break through. Although he didn't find out that song XiaBing was weak, he also nodded quickly, "yes, yes, boss, this is something he has had since he was a child. We can only treat internal injuries. We have never heard of any healing system capable of treating weakness." 

Shi Qing's face changed from one to the other, and finally he asked with an iron blue face that he would not die, would he 

The doctor quickly shook his head, "no, no, no one can't die." 

The man was relieved and patted back on Xia Bing's shoulder. "It's better not to die." 

Song Xia's ice surface showed a smile, but his eyes were mixed with a variety of emotions. 

He doesn't understand. 

When Qing Ming was afraid of the same, he hated him so much before. 

Why are you so nice to him now. 

The doctor is down. 

He just sat up on the bed and sat down on the edge of the bed. 

Songxiabing was caught off guard and was directly covered by the quilt from the tail to the head. He lifted the quilt and looked at Shiqing in a daze. 

"boss, what is this for?" 

"Sleep." 

When Qing did not know where to touch out a cigarette, in its mouth, a face impatient and the quilt again covered in the face of Songxia ice. 

Songxia ice can only be separated from the quilt, listening to him outside the LISP said, "you are not weak, head also dizzy? Get a good sleep and get some rest. " 

In the dark, Song Xia Bing clenched his fist slightly. 

He doesn't understand. 

Why? 

These three days together, song XiaBing also understood that Shiqing was not only a straight man, but also a straight man. 

If you want to communicate with him, you can't turn around. 

He carefully took down the quilt, blinked his good-looking eyes, and showed his harmlessness to let Shiqing relax his vigilance, and asked in a low voice 

"boss, why are you so nervous about me?" 

The man's expression was stiff at first, then his heart was weak in his eyes, and he said dryly, "when did I get nervous about you?" 

Having said that, seeing song XiaBing still looked at himself without blinking, he impatiently took down the cigarette 

"OK, OK, because you are my person now, I am still very protective." 

Songxia Bing doesn't believe it. 

However, I'm afraid we can't believe it. 

Shi Qing had to kill him before. After three days in the water prison, he was suddenly released. Although his tone was still fierce, he was so protective. 

Schizophrenia can't do this. 

He asked in a very white lotus tone, "but today, you beat your subordinates for me. Won't they have any opinions?" 

"Who said it was for you." 

Shi Qing gave a very happy answer this time. 

Seeing song XiaBing looking at himself with a pair of water moistening eyes, like the purest little dog, the man twisted his eyebrows impatiently and said with a little irritability, "OK, OK, OK, let me tell you, my mother is out to sell." 

Seeing song XiaBing's expression was stunned, he curled his lips uneasily. "Although I said that the old ladies didn't treat me very well, they didn't beat me less from childhood to adulthood, but somehow I was raised and used her money to do skin and meat business." 

"I just can't listen to these words. Prostitutes are shameless. If they can't die of starvation, who is willing to do such a thing?" 

The man's handsome face is full of indignation. "It's also my mother's bad luck. Otherwise, I can let her enjoy great happiness until now." 

Song Xia Bing suddenly understood why Shiqing was so angry. 

Heart to heart, his scale is his mother, why not Qing. 

"But boss, you were really nervous about me just now 

"Nervous fart, you are my younger brother and Lao Tzu's personal property. Can I not worry about the loss of property?""You don't have more beeps, Ma is not troublesome." 

Song XiaBing subconsciously felt that there must be something wrong here. 

Just see Shi Qing like this, certainly will not give the second answer. 

He could only calm down and let the man put the quilt over his head again. 

Outside Shi Qing still used a pair of conscious and intimate tone to say to him through the quilt, "OK, don't do anything today, just have a good rest." 

It's really sweet. 

Even now still a stomach of doubt, hate and confused staggered, Songxia ice were almost teased by time Qing to laugh. 

So at last, he lay on the leopard print bed of Shiqing, sleeping with the white cloth covered and eyes closed. 

There was a rustling sound outside, and then it seemed that Shiqing had another quilt and lay beside him. 

Do not know how long, Songxia ice slowly opened the quilt, slightly propped up the body to sit up, looking to lie next to him when Qing. 

The man closed his eyes and slept soundly. 

He usually likes to be careless. Today, he is wearing a black vest, which tightens the strong muscles of his body. His honey skin rises and falls with his breath. 

Sleep so sweet, actually is not afraid of pine summer ice taking advantage of his sleep to do something. 

Think of here, Songxia ice lips suddenly hook up. 

It's also true that since Shi Qing was able to give his greatest weakness to him, he almost put his life in his hands. 

The young man's vision in the handsome outline of a little across. 

But always feel, this pair of careless appearance, hiding a mystery. 

When Shi Qing treated him like this, he felt that he was just a waste wood, and he was confident that he would not do anything to himself. 

Or Trust him? 

From this day on, it seems that the boss of the fire brigade suddenly realized how vulnerable his new younger brother song XiaBing was. 

He no longer let song XiaBing go out to work or fight zombies. When he was in the base, he took songxiabing wherever he went. When he went out to hunt zombies for supplies, he locked songxiabing in the house in a way of hiding treasure. 

If it had been before, songxiabing must have thought it was on guard against him. 

But now, it feels different. 

He was aware of the difference between Shiqing and him, and began to test the man a little bit. 

Today I said I was dizzy and wanted to eat rabbit meat. 

Tomorrow said he didn't feel strong enough to want a mutant healing plant. 

The day after tomorrow, he said that he felt uncomfortable wearing clothes and called for XXX brand clothes. 

If this is before the end of the world, these requirements can not be too much, but this is the end of the world! 

Rabbit meat that's not a rabbit that can get up with ears. It's a mutant rabbit that's bigger and higher than a human, and even has powers. 

Plants, to say nothing of them, are now able to beat one by one. 

Clothes don't look demanding, but now there are zombies everywhere. If you want clothes, you have to go to the clothing store, which means you have to empty out a new route. 

This is not made a little bit. 

It's just too much. 

However, Shi Qing satisfied him. 

This man, who had been locked up in the water prison with hatred on his face before, seemed to treat his whole person as a doll that would be broken when it was touched. As long as Songxia ice was dizzy and his body was uncomfortable, Shiqing would promise him all his demands with care on his face. 

Shi Qing is a man with a short temper and what to say. 

But the same, his temperament, want to be good to a person, it is not like the warmth of spring, it is simply like the flame of molten slurry. 

Song XiaBing has to admit that his hatred for Shiqing has been largely eliminated. 

Especially every day, when the majestic man outside came to him, he was obedient, and threw the big tail that no one else could see or touch, and let him touch it. 

Then his face turned red again, his eyes blurred and he gasped. 

Songxiabing has fallen. 

He even thought that it was good to be around Shiqing. 

Of course, the premise of his depravity was that he made heaven and earth in these days. If he wanted to do this, he would come to the crystal nucleus when he succeeded. 

Song XiaBing has not tested his ability level, but he can be sure that he can suppress Shiqing. 

When he can easily run over a person, and this person has all kinds of obedience, he naturally will not think about anything else. 

But even if it's a canary, it's comfortable. 

He didn't forget to take revenge on the pine family. 

It's impossible to hide in the house all the time, under Shiqing's umbrella. 

Thinking of this, a glimmer of joy flashed through the eyes of the youth. 

Protect ~ 

twining the two words in a circle between his lips and teeth, he felt inexplicably better.Just as she was about to open the door, Qing heard the system prompt tone. 

Ding! The repulsion degree of Songxia ice cream is 489 out of 100 

his eyebrow picking is good, and it has dropped so much. 

The system couldn't tell whether he said irony or not. 

The host, half a month has passed, and he still has a rejection rate of nearly 500, which 

Shiqing, don't worry. You have to pave the way for Gao Jichao to be happy. You see, Songsong doesn't want to kill me now. 

System 

However, no matter how to pave the way, the degree of exclusion is also 480. 

It really thinks the world is over. 

Let's play games. 

The host is happy anyway. 

When Qing pushed open the door, toward the pine summer ice showed a smile. 

"You look good today." 

Songxia ice put down the book in his hand, gently smile, come forward to help when the natural clear body weapons. 

"Boss, can you take me with you when you go out?" 

"What are you doing with you? You don't have any powers. Do you know how dangerous it is outside? What if you die?" 

Shi Qing enjoyed the intimate service of his little wife, yawned and waved impatiently 

Songxia Bing is not angry. 

After getting along with each other for more than ten days, he also knew that Shi Qing was such a temperament. Even if he really cared, his voice was not much better. 

He only reached out his hand, slightly supported his forehead, and whispered, "but every day I'm in the house, I'm suffocating. These days, I can't breathe. I can't see anything when I see a doctor." 

The man's expression was really hesitant. 

"Boss, I've been following you all the time. Are you so good, are you afraid that you can't protect me?" 

The man seems to be entangled by him, shake hands "OK, OK, you follow me tomorrow." 

Song XiaBing gave out a smile, and his hand fell on the big red tail. His voice was low and beautiful. 

"thank you, boss. I'll help you touch your tail." 

After a while, a man's low breath came from the room. 

After the cool, when the clear sleep. 

Songxia Bing did not sleep, side looking at the man sleeping beside him. 

He held out his hand slightly, and his slender and beautiful fingertips fell on the edge of his face. 

Through the air, he used his fingertips to depict a man's handsome face, hard outline. 

Why is it always a mystery? 

Songxiabing thought, clearly he is a person, very simple can understand. 

He should have either controlled the man or killed him after his powers exceeded Shiqing. 

But now, he hesitated. 

These days, Shi Qing really has nothing to say to him. 

And since childhood, most of them have never felt the care of others except their mother. Songxiabing is indeed greedy for the care of Shiqing. 

That's true. 

Shi Qing is really concerned about him. 

He felt it. 

Songxia ice has no expression, but makes a decision in the bottom of my heart. 

Tomorrow, try it out. 

If it's like what he thinks. 

It's OK to have a try with the time. 

He closed his eyes slowly and his breath gradually calmed down. 

Qing didn't open his eyes when he pretended to sleep. 

Instead, he talks with the system in his mind. He must find a danger to test me tomorrow. Let me guess, zombies. It should be zombies. After all, power animals and mutant plants are not easy to do. 

The system doesn't understand the probe? What trial? 

Shi Qing explained to it in a simple and popular way 

trial, that is to say, the goods will find a zombie tomorrow and pretend that he is going to be bitten and caught by a zombie, to see if I want to save his own life. 

System Good neuropathy's temptation, he is not afraid to put himself into it? 

That's not true. 

If song XiaBing is just an ordinary person, this exploration is certainly insane. 

But he's not. Instead, he's a high-level power. The power is still devouring. 

If you move your mind, you can swallow anything. 

Just a zombie. What is he afraid of. 

The system and according to the host, you're not going to sacrifice your life to save him. 

When Qing Xi hee hee. 

System 

Shi Qing is right. That's right. That's what you think. I will. 

System But people set it up. 

Don't worry, I'll never die. You'll know in a month. 

System 

It still feels impossible. 

How can someone use their own life to test others, too silly. 

The second dayThe system watched song XiaBing leave the team suddenly, deliberately taking advantage of everyone to form a group, attracted a zombie to his side. 

Then, he sent out a cry: "help me, boss!" 

System 

Good familiar operation. 

Its hosts like to do the same. 

The zombie is too close to songxiabing, and it's too late to use fire at this time. The handsome man's eyes flashed a little flustered. Almost subconsciously, he hugged songxiabing and put his back on the zombie. 

The zombie bit it and hit him on the shoulder. 

Then the fire of Shiqing also came to the corpse. 

Next to the younger brothers are confused "boss 

No one noticed that in the critical moment when the zombie bit his shoulder, a black mist came into the Zombie's mouth and swallowed its teeth directly. 

And make this matter of Songxia ice, only steady when Qing embrace, a pair of eyes bright frightening, quietly looking at the top of the man, a face dazed looking back at the shoulder. 

"I'm so lucky? I was bitten by a zombie, but it was all right? " 

The younger brothers rushed over one after another, and one of them checked the zombie and announced with a confused face of "my mother, this is a miracle" and announced that "this zombie has no teeth." 

"No teeth?? Was it an old man before it became a zombie? " 

"You're lucky, boss. It's too dangerous just now." 

"Boss, are you really OK? Would you like to call a doctor?" 

Song XiaBing doesn't say a word. He looks at Shi Qing and sees that the man is relieved when he is sure that he is not bitten by a zombie. Then he drives away his younger brother like a fly. 

"go, I'm ok, you should beat the zombie quickly > 

He said, and began to check up and down songxiabing, very nervous, "songxiabing, are you ok? Didn't get bitten, did you? I told you not to come out. You have to come out. Why are you so troublesome... " 

The man above is swearing, but the bottom of songxiabing's heart is warm. 

Shi Qing 

Even willing to die for him. 

Did he really love him to this extent? 

Ding! The repulsion degree of Songxia ice floss is 100 out of 100 

the system is surprised by the repulsion degree of the host! Really become??!! That's great. It's great. There's still one hundred left. 

System flattery host, you have dropped so much, now there is still half a month, just 50 calculate what. 

It wants to be proud. 

My host! Cattle! 

Shi Qing, uh huh, you think it's too beautiful. He's lower and it's time to go up. 

System??? 

Song Xia Bing followed the fire brigade back to the room. 

He felt the joy he had never felt before. 

In this world, there are people who are willing to give up their lives for him. 

Although there are various doubts. 

For example, half a month ago, Qing still hated him to death. 

Another example is that when it is rumored outside, it is clear that they are afraid of the same thing. 

But these, all in time Qing is willing to die for him, is not worth mentioning. 

He thought about it for a second time and found a third-order nucleus. 

To the outside, casually find a little brother, let him go outside to buy a bottle of lubricant. 

Delicious food, of course, to eat into the mouth. 

I don't think his request is strange. 

Recently, Shiqing went in and out with Songxia ice every day, protecting people more than their eyes. 

Before also in order to pine summer ice this "outsider", to their own people made such a big fire. 

There's been a lot of rumors in the team. 

It is said that song XiaBing is their boss's little lover. 

In their eyes, songxiabing is similar to Daji. 

But their boss was not king Zhou of Shang Dynasty. 

Their boss! Mingjun! 

In the past, the younger brothers didn't dare to talk to song XiaBing more, for fear that the elder brother would think he was going to hook up with his sister-in-law. 

But today, the little brother looked at Song XiaBing with sympathy and said, "well, SongGe, you don't know..." 

Pine summer ice see him faltering, slightly squint "how?" 

"That is I heard that a group of prostitutes came to the base next door. Many of them are good-looking. The boss, he just 

The look on the youth's face gradually became ugly and said, "say it!" 

The younger brother originally only sympathizes with him, the result does not know why, the pine summer ice a cold face, he actually has a little fear of a shudder. 

It was as if standing in front of him was not a waste wood, but a high-level power. 

No way 

He didn't think much and stammered, "boss, he He took a fancy to a woman, and now he is in the Westinghouse with her, that, that and so onSong XiaBing's fist was clenched. 

The fundus of the eye, as if there is a dark gathering. 

And the palm heart, also suddenly soared the black fog. 

What did she feel when she was teasing with a woman? She raised her eyes slightly and raised her eyebrows? 

The system can't cry anymore 

whine, Songxia ice floe repel 800 out of 100 

the system can't cry out any more





 ——Bang!! 

He is communicating with a beautiful girl whether the grapes are delicious or the watermelon is delicious. The smile on the man's face has not faded, so he looks up at the door subconsciously. 

Song Xia Bing saw his appearance of being happy and not missing Shu, and his eyes sank again. 

"What are you doing?" she asked? Don't you see what I'm doing 

"Something?" 

Pine summer ice is almost to be clear when the face of the righteous to gas smile. 

He stretched out his hand, and a cloud of black fog directly hit the table in front of Shiqing. 

The table disappeared in front of the three. 

When I was just leaning against the table, Qing didn't get any damage. It was just because the table suddenly moved away and nearly fell off. 

The look on the man's nice and handsome face was very complicated for a moment. 

At the same time, he was at a loss, angry and confused. 

"Songxia Bing, what is this? Isn't your ability absorbing? " 

Listening to the tone of questioning, song XiaBing's eyes are darker. 

He sneered, "tell me first what's going on with this woman next to you." 

Even now, even if the expression on his face is very gloomy, song XiaBing's tone is warm and soft, as if he is persuading Shi Qing with great care. 

"boss, as long as you explain clearly, I won't do anything to you." 

"What am I going to explain?? It's none of your business if I play with women 

When Qing full face irritability, suddenly stood up, the flame to the hands of "loose summer ice, you don't pedal nose on the face." 

The young man's delicate and handsome face suddenly became ferocious. 

He was so angry that he laughed, "OK! Good! It's none of my business if you play with women, do you? " 

"It's none of your business." 

The man's look is innocent and ignorant, and also full of irritability, "what are you crazy about? Put that thing down for me!" 

Songxia Bing's killing intention is more and more serious. 

"Shiqing, since you want to play with women, what do you seduce me for?" 

Huoting team leader forces "ha???" 

"Me?? Seduce you 

"You've got something in your head, you can tell me the damn thing 

Seeing that he had made up his mind not to admit it, song XiaBing's anger was more serious. He only felt that he had been fooled. 

"Good!! Good!! You're a fool, aren't you 

He became expressionless and slowly opened his hands. "It doesn't matter. If you don't admit it, I'll extinguish your fire and imprison you by my side. Sooner or later you'll admit that you're wrong." 

The prostitute was stunned. 

Standing opposite him, the man's face became more and more confused. "What are you talking about? I'm so crazy about wiping you, boy 

Songxiabing proved with strength that he really has crazy capital. 

More and more black gas appeared around him, and then ran outside, almost devouring the whole fire force. 

"Uncle 

Zhou Xuanxuan found that there was something wrong with it, so he ran over and said, "uncle, please be merciful!! Just kill them! I'm innocent 

Song XiaBing, who is trapped in anger, does not listen at all. On the contrary, Zhou Xuanxuan arouses his anger. 

He glared at the man with a beautiful face. When he thought that Shi Qing had once liked him, he could not stop his jealousy. 

"You like his face, don't you! I'll kill him in front of you. I'll see if you pretend to be stupid 

Zhou Xuanxuan 

No, it's none of his business?? 

Seeing that song XiaBing was really going to kill himself, he quickly guarded his hair and sold his teammates!! Fox, because he doesn't like you 

Let's relax the hand of summer ice. 

Seeing that he stopped, Zhou Xuanxuan asked carefully, "can you see his tail and touch it?" 

The young man was livid, but he still nodded. 

Zhou Xuanxuan breathed out a breath and quickly explained that "if the companion animal is a magic fox, he will bring his own tail. No one can see the tail except himself, because the fox belongs to the type of pet. Once the tail is touched by someone else, he will automatically recognize the owner. If the owner dies, he will die." 

When the Qing full face can not feel the situation of the irascible "where are you from the son of a bitch, how do you know these?" 

Zhou Xuanxuan carefully protects her hair. "In fact, I'm also a fox. However, according to the information I received, it's generally a beauty's physique. Shiqing, do you..." 

He looked at the irascible man. 

The tall figure. 

It's a strong figure. 

He has a handsome face. 

It's not beautiful in any way.Song XiaBing understands. 

But it doesn't mean he can accept it. 

He couldn't believe it and looked back at Shi Qing, who had given him half a month's warmth and care. "Did you release me from the water prison half a month ago?" 

Shi Qing said, "if you die, I will die. I feel that I am going to die, so I will get you out." 

Song Xia Bing slowly clenched his fist, "then you care about me for half a month." 

The man was reluctant, but still said, "if you say you are weak, I'm afraid you will die early, then I will be finished." 

Song XiaBing's hand is already trembling. 

No way! 

Impossible!! 

It must not be like this!! 

He a pair of eyes in blood red, obstinately looking at the face of this confused, but also very innocent man. 

"You don't want your own life to save me..." 

Shi Qing quickly replied, "nonsense, if you die, I will die. Of course, I have to save it." 

Songxia ice "..." 

There seemed to be a breath in his heart. 

Blocking him, would like to bite to death the face of the innocent man standing opposite. 

Can, but also reluctant to give up. 

This half month 

They are all fake. 

No way!! 

Impossible!!! 

He could also hear Shi qingzai's impolite voice asking Zhou Xuanxuan, "what are you doing out there? He's just a little chicken, and he's going to be able to turn up the sky? " 

Zhou Xuanxuan said, "brother wocao, you know, if I didn't come out, we would all have finished Horizontal trough, horizontal trough!! He vomited blood, he vomited blood 

Songxia ice heard this, stretched out his hand to wipe in the corner of his mouth, only to find that he really wiped down a piece of bright red. 

The man who had just talked to Zhou Xuanxuan came to him nervously. He said, "what's the matter?? are you all right? Don't scare me 

Song XiaBing's eyes just showed warmth, when he heard Shi Qing say, "don't die, it doesn't matter if you die. I still want to live."





 When Shi Qing stood in front of Songxia ice, the nervous expression on his handsome face was twisted up 

"you talk, but what's the matter? It won't be an internal injury, will it? I shit 

Songxia ice bite teeth, with the desire to eat in front of the man's line of sight, staring at him. 

"You, you in the end..." 

"What? What do you say? Speak up. " 

The man is also very close to the ear to the lips of Songxia ice. 

The young man tried hard to calm down his anger, and his lips were bright with blood 

Don't you like it at all? 

Even a little bit. 

Of course not 

He patted his stout chest with pride on his face. 

God knows why he should be proud. 

Anyway, he was very proud to reply, "people's hearts are all flesh long. Even if I didn't look up to you before, we could eat, drink and live with each other every day. How could I have no sincerity for you?" 

Song Xia Bing's eyes brightened slightly. 

I feel more comfortable. 

He said. 

Yes. 

How could it not be at all. 

As soon as the young man's expression relaxed, Shi Qing slapped him on the shoulder and raised a smile 

"now I really take you as my younger brother." 

Songxia ice "..." 

Zhou Xuanxuan exclaimed, "he vomited more blood in the bed!" 

Seeing Song Xia Bing as blood does not want money, the red blood spilled from his lips. The man's eyes widened and he was scared to laugh. He hurriedly stretched out his hand to cover the youth's lips and tried to stop the blood. 

It's a typical case. 

But now no one laughs at him. 

Shi Qing was too anxious. She only saw the blood from the corner of Songxia Bing's mouth. She blocked it with her hand and went to see Zhou Xuanxuan standing at the door 

"what are you doing!!! Go to the doctor 

After the roar, he was angry and worried. He scolded song XiaBing, "where do you get these messy things? Waste wood is useless. I can't do it honestly. It's not good to live well? I have to worry about you. Why are you so weak? " 

Zhou Xuanxuan was scared to death. 

Look around, uncle!!! 

Don't you find that Songxia Bing looks at you like you want to be chopped to death! 

He's in a black mood all right!! 

It's not that kind of metaphorical blackness. 

It's really a whoosh of black gas!!! 

And these black gas one by one with long eyes, rubbed out, where it fell, where it would be like it swallowed the same, slowly disappeared. 

Or suddenly disappear. 

Zhou Xuanxuan doesn't want to go to the doctor. He doesn't even dare to move! 

I'm afraid I'll be swallowed by those black gas. 

Songxia Bing's mouth doesn't bleed. 

He moved his fingers slightly and looked down at the man who was slapping him nervously on his face. The black air around him rose abruptly with his anger. 

At the moment, in addition to the roof of the house is still there, basically no more. 

He's advanced. 

He was forced into the stage. 

After the promotion, the body is light, but the bottom of my heart is not light down. 

"What do you think I do? Speak! What's the matter with you 

Shi Qing raised his eyes and saw him looking at himself with a cold face. His expression became more and more irritable. When he turned his head and saw Zhou Xuanxuan still standing in the same place, he became more and more irritable. 

"Even if you pretend to be a woman, how can you do things like this? I asked you to go to a doctor!" 

Zhou Xuanxuan stood in the same place, not daring to move. He carefully looked at the black fog around him and gulped down his mouth. 

"That Shi Qing... " 

The black fog suddenly burst up and rushed to his face. Zhou Xuanxuan closed his eyes and changed his words: "boss, boss!" 

"Boss, I think you should think carefully about you and Songxia SongGe's relationship. " 

Men listen to the question mark "what's the matter?" 

Zhou Xuanxuan closed his eyes and boasted, "look at SongGe. He is handsome, good-natured and good-natured. It's good for you. Why don't you just follow him?" 

With Zhou Xuanxuan's words, song XiaBing slowly closes his eyes and hides his anger. When he opens his eyes again, he is the young man with deep mind and does not like anger. 

He has never been cheated in this way. 

And the most sad thing is. 

Shi Qing didn't even mean to cheat him. 

Song XiaBing's first reaction was to kill him. 

But I can't bear it. 

Shi QingHe once got the warm, how can it be cold again. 

"Boss, he's right." 

Song Xia Bing's voice is gentle again. He reaches out his hand, takes out the paper from his arms and gently wipes the blood from the corners of his mouth. 

The black fog that filled the whole room faded away with his action. 

Zhou Xuanxuan was relieved. At this moment, he found that his back was completely wet with sweat. 

He quickly protected his hair, the chicken pecked rice nodded, "yes, yes, boss, you can follow him, integrity can not be a meal." 

"What? I followed him?" 

The man frowned and looked at Zhou Xuanxuan and song XiaBing. 

Then, as if he had figured out something, he suddenly realized on his face, and then his face showed anger, and said in a rage 

"impossible!" 

Said, when clear body side around the flame, the flame of the man's handsome face full of disdain "I see you are thinking of fart to eat." 

Songxia ice see him understand, the bottom of my heart unexpectedly strange more comfort. 

He knew for a long time that Shiqing couldn't agree. He waved directly. The black fog came out of nowhere and went directly towards Shiqing. 

Careful in the case of not touching each other, he swallowed the flame around him clean. 

"You! How can it be! " 

Shi Qing's face showed a startled look, and looked at Song XiaBing with disbelief, "I'm level seven, how can you..." 

Seeing the young man coming towards him without expression, the man was obviously flustered and quickly summoned out the flame. 

But no matter how much he calls out, the final result is swallowed up by the black fog. 

When Qing can only watch the pine summer ice step by step in front of themselves. 

The tall man's eyes showed ruthlessness, and his hand crossed his waist. He suddenly raised his hand toward Songxia Bing's shoulder, but he was easily grasped by the other side. 

Ding! 

The knife that was held by Shiqing fell to the ground. 

He refused to admit defeat and glared at the young man in front of him. His wrist was firmly grasped by the slender white fingers of the other party. However he struggled, he could not get rid of it. 

Songxiabing looks at the man in front of him. His eyes are full of anger and disbelief, as well as the anger of betrayal. 

"Pine summer ice!! Don't be paranoid 

Even at this time, is it hard to talk back? 

The young man sneered, drew up a touch of black gas, and went directly towards the beam. 

Under the gaze of time Qing's sight, the roof beam is silent and has a big hole that can look up at the starry sky at night. 

"Huoting team leader"... " 

Seeing the suppressed expression on his face, the young man raised the corner of his lips, and the sneer gradually turned into a gentle smile. Even his voice was low, and he coaxed and said, "boss, don't you want to save your life? Either today, you promise me, or I'll take your body and choose for myself. " 

He could see clearly, and his face showed fear. 

Then, the face of the man who was firmly restrained by him showed an unwilling look of humiliation. He turned his face slightly and clenched his teeth and said, "I promise you." 

- bang bang!! 

This moment, is the feeling of the heart. 

Song XiaBing's expression is soft and visible to the naked eye. Zhou Xuanxuan, standing at the door, is also relieved. 

Yes, yes. 

His hair was saved. 

Then he saw, when Qing a face indignant, "after you when the boss, I follow you to do line!" 

"It's a shame that swallows peck the eyes of swallows every day. I don't see that you are so ambitious." 

Zhou Xuanxuan "..." 

He just looked at him with a gentle expression of song XiaBing. His expression was blank at first, and then he laughed angrily. 

It's over. It's over. 

He didn't care about anything else. He quickly called out, "Shiqing, you are a fool! Song XiaBing doesn't want to usurp your position. He wants to be on you 

The man is confused. 

Then he glared and struggled with his life. 

"Damn you, you are still a rabbit! I don't agree!! If you want to kill, you should cut it!! Zhou Xuanxuan, what the hell are you looking at there? Come and help me! " 

Zhou Xuanxuan; " 

He felt that he must be dead today. 

Songxia Bing didn't react. 

It may also be that I was angry too many times, numb. 

He looked at the man who was under his control and was still struggling madly. From this angle, he could see the man with the honey skin on his body. 

He stretched out his hand directly and held the fire red tail that struggled with him. 

"Well 

Just like the live fish on shore, the struggling man froze for a second, then his body was out of control.It was firmly connected in the arms by the pine summer ice. 

Shiqing; hee hee hee, it's my favorite link again. You can retreat. 

"Don't be afraid, boss." 

She didn't feel her hair on her head. 

"Get out of here!! Go away Eh 

Naturally, the man controlled by him can only roar with fragmented struggle, and then to the last weak mute voice, completely no strength. 

The seemingly weak young man picked him up effortlessly, and his eyes were faintly crazy and bloody. He said, "don't worry, you will still be the boss of the fire in the future." 

"But never get rid of me."





 Shi Qing thought it was really exciting. 

He was directly carried back to the house by songxiabing. 

Songxiabing may know that he wants to face, so he also specially avoids people. He doesn't let the younger brothers of Shiqing see the appearance that his boss is firmly controlled by others. 

Along the way, of course, he struggled very hard. 

Naturally, the tail is in the hands of others. No matter how hard he struggles, he will not be able to struggle. Instead, his desire to escape stimulates song XiaBing, who is still in the process of anger. 

The tail was touched directly. 

By the time he was thrown on his leopard print blanket, the tall man was sweating all over, and the whole man was going to be soft as a pool of water. 

He really has no strength to speak. 

But the body is still writhing and struggling, unwilling to use the power to deal with songxiabing. 

But now he is weak, can call out a small flame even thank God, let alone and song XiaBing challenge. 

Since the youth put him on the bed, he was slowly untiing his clothes. 

He didn't seem to be in a hurry at all, and slowly dropped his blood stained coat. 

In the process of undressing, song XiaBing always used to appreciate the look, looking at the man in bed with a layer of sweat on his honey skin. His expression was not very clear, but he was also trying to get up with his palms. 

He is like teasing pets, waiting for people in bed to get up, and not in a hurry to extend his hand, slender fingertips slightly over fire, red tail. 

Then he looked at the other side's body a quiver, his mouth issued a vague murmur sound, and fell again on the bed. 

After a few seconds, and with an immortal Xiaoqiang, again struggling to get up. 

Songxia ice again to touch his tail, looking at the other side out of control again soft body. 

With this cycle of action, his inner rage gradually disappeared, but turned to pleasure. 

"Boss." 

Throwing the last piece of clothing on the ground, the young man reached out and raised his white fingertips with precision. He cleared his chin and looked at the other party's dim and fierce eyes, staring at himself. 

"Why are you looking at me like that?" 

Knowing that the meat in his mouth couldn't run away, song XiaBing held out his other hand in a good mood and said, "boss, I think you are very hot. You are sweating so much. Can you get heatstroke? Why don't I help you get these hot clothes off? " 

"Go away!" 

"Go away, you bunny Ooh 

The man screamed, trembling at the pine summer ice hands away from their big tail. 

The youth did not get angry because of his exclusion. Instead, he was in a good mood to help Shi Qing clear this "no heatstroke" help. 

"Admit it, you don't hate me at all. If you really hate me, you can just leave me anywhere and lock me up. Anyway, I just want to live. As for how I live, it doesn't matter." 

Song XiaBing seems to be very seriously busy with the matter at hand. With his efforts to deal with those enemies secretly at the beginning, he slowly let the other party show more and more honey colored skin. 

With a smile in his eyes, he was overjoyed by the speculation he had come up with. 

To this man who is constantly trying to struggle, but can't get rid of his shackles, he said, 

"isn't there a mutant plant that makes people fall into a trance? If you ask that plant for me, I'll let you do whatever you want? Anyway, as long as I'm alive. " 

"I can't. You just throw me in the base and send someone to protect me secretly. I'm ordinary. Who will attack me?" 

"But you didn't do it. Instead, you left me behind..." 

When there are so many silent and simple and convenient methods, Qing is useless. 

He said that he did not have a good feeling for himself at the bottom of his heart, and songxiabing didn't believe it. 

He has always been keen. If Shiqing had been pretending to care for his life for half a month, how could he not have noticed it. 

Therefore, the bottom of his heart is certainly like him. 

Song XiaBing thinks more and more excited, and even wants to have a negative distance contact with each other's thoughts are slightly slowed down, soft voice, soft voice coax general; 

"admit it, in fact, you like me from the bottom of your heart." 

With that, he looked at the man who had been suppressed by himself. 

His eyes are clear, a handsome face full of confusion, as if there is a trace of chagrin. 

This chagrin, of course, is because of being punctured. 

Songxia Bing's heart is more and more happy. 

Then I saw the annoyance on the suppressed man's face getting heavier and heavier. 

As if still with the voice of crying, stuffy voice, full of regret 

"shit!! How come I didn't think of these good ideas 

Songxia ice "..."He was so sweet in his throat that he was almost forced to spit blood again by Shiqing. 

The anger at the bottom of the eyes rubbed out again. 

And the man who doesn't know the situation is free to talk. 

He tried to chatter, trying to bring "songxiabing" into the right track. 

"Song XiaBing, I'm really good to you. If you like to play a man, I'll help you to find the master rabbit. I'll take all the crystal cores I've saved to buy you men. If you can't, can you be the boss? I will never rebel. " 

Song Xia Bing was angry and laughed back. He held out his hand and held out his hatred. When he grasped it, he said, "boss, I don't like them. I like you." 

"You like me for a fart. I like women. Do you know women?" 

Song XiaBing said coldly, "is it like Zhou Xuanxuan?" 

The man who was forced to lie on his back choked, and his face was dark, "don't mention him to me. He's crazy. He pretends to be a woman to cheat me!" 

"But even so, don't you still want to kill him?" 

The tone of the youth is getting colder and colder, but the people in bed seem to be totally unaware of it, and they are still babbling about 

"I saw his face look good. Well, I have a good way. You like men, and Zhou Xuanxuan also like men. Otherwise, you two are together. If you like, I can get you a wedding." 

Songxia Bing is already in a state of unconsciousness. 

He tore the only cloth on Shi Qing's body, sneered and leaned over him with a sneer 

"You wait, you wait, brother, boss, uncle, if you have something to say, don't touch me, I'm going to vomit, I really will I Er, er, ER 

This time, Songxia Bing did not let go of his hand holding his tail. He only looked at the man whose face was covered with blush, his expression was confused, and his body trembled slightly. His handsome face gradually showed a gentle smile. 

"Don't worry." 

His voice is also completely gentle down, close to the ear, whispered, "with this tail, you will not only not feel bad, but also very happy." 

"Boss, if you want to hate, you should hate why you didn't die with me." 

Instead of killing him, he was taken to the house where he lived. 

Take care of the notes carefully. 

Hold him in the palm of your hand and tell him that you have no bottom line for him. 

He was left to do whatever he wanted. 

But in his fall, so innocent face said, he did not mean that? 

Provoked him and tried to get out. 

There is no such good thing in the world. 

Even if the time is halal because of the constitution of the fox will do this to him, he will never let go of time Qing. 

In the courtyard, Zhou Xuanxuan felt her hair very carefully. She wandered from left to right, and then from right to left. 

It's not that he doesn't want to leave. It's because he has too many enemies. Even if he escapes, he will not live for three days and be killed. 

"God bless, all kinds of gods bless ah, must bless Shiqing that silly big man to recognize the situation early, offer integrity and some flowers, let songxiabing that big demon king be satisfied, let me a dog's life, protect and bless." 

I don't know what happened to a few younger brothers passing by. They are all stunned when they see this beautiful woman's mouth chanting and saying goodbye to the sky. 

"What is beauty doing?" 

"I don't know. There is no one around him. What do you say to yourself?" 

A little brother guessed, "it's not because our boss is stupid, is it? He was on a hunger strike before, but he has been locked up all the time. Has something wrong with him 

"Maybe." 

The other kids thought it was the most likely option. 

After all, since the end of the world came, many people in the base can't stand all kinds of stimulation and become crazy and stupid, but they see more and more. 

Seeing what Zhou Xuanxuan was still talking about, the younger brothers couldn't help exclaiming, "sure enough, beauty is a beauty, even if it's crazy, it looks better than others." 

Zhou Xuanxuan was restless until the evening. 

And then it was day. 

Finally in the morning of the next day, he walked anxiously to the edge of the house when he happened to see Songxia Bing pushing the door out. 

The young man glanced at him and saw that Zhou Xuanxuan was stiff and did not dare to say a word. He frowned slightly. He was a little disgusted with "what are you doing here?" 

"I, I'll have a look..." 

Zhou Xuanxuan said cautiously, and looked into the inside one by one with her eyes. "That, SongGe, boss, is he OK?" 

Think of when Qing, pine summer ice cold look slightly warm, eyes also have a warm meaning. 

Last night, on the whole, it was pretty good. 

Although Shi Qing wanted to run away as soon as he found the opportunity, he didn't want to run when he found out that he had already made a boat. Instead, he swore.One night, songxiabing listened to the dirty words. 

But all of them were filtered out by him. In his eyes, he only had to give in to the man who was unwilling to give in to his tail and struggled with his legs. 

Because he recalled the pleasant memories of last night, song XiaBing's eyes at Zhou Xuanxuan were not so "ready to get rid of them soon". 

Although he would like to have it scratched at the thought that Shi Qing liked Zhou Xuanxuan's face, Shi Qing is still reluctant to get close to him. Zhou Xuanxuan is also a charming fox, so it may be useful to keep him. 

Zhou Xuanxuan is relieved to see that song XiaBing looks good. 

Good, good, good. 

His hair was saved. 

He took advantage of songxiabing's good mood and raised his hand carefully. "Brother song, is he not willing to? Otherwise, I will try to persuade him. After all, he and I are both charming foxes, and we have some common language. " 

The four words "common language" poked the jealousy in the bottom of songxiabing's heart. 

He gave Zhou Xuanxuan a gloomy look, and pulled up a cold smile, "OK." 

"You go in and pass it on to him. If he tries to escape again, I'll kill you." 

Zhou Xuanxuan 

He was sweating on his forehead, but he was still brave enough to ask, "brother song, are you wrong? No, no, no, I don't get it right? Boss, he's running away. Are you going to kill me 

"That's right." 

Song XiaBing glances at Zhou Xuanxuan's beautiful face. The more he looks, the more he feels. 

"I'm going to cook porridge. If he runs away during this time, I'll cut you to pieces." 

Zhou Xuanxuan; " 

OK. 

There is one more way to die. 

He provoked and provoked him. 

Isn't it just good-looking? 

Isn't it because this beautiful face was snatched back by Shi Qing? 

Is beauty a mistake? 

And he thought that song XiaBing was very unreasonable. 

Shiqing was a level seven power, and he, poor him, now has no first power, and the second power is so weak. 

If Shiqing wants to run, can he stop him?? 

Sure enough, songxiabing wants him to die. Although 

is full of Tucao, but when he is in the face of Xia Bing, Zhou Xuanxuan is afraid to say something. He can only make complaints about his chest. "Good uncle, no problem, Grandpa. I promise to be clear when I am optimistic. If he loses one of the wool, you can take what I ask." 

Seeing song XiaBing leave, Zhou Xuanxuan is relieved. 

Life is not easy. 

The fox sighs. 

He opened the door and went in. 

As soon as I went in, I knew that I had wronged pine summer ice. 

Shi Qing's clothes are neat and neat. He is leaning on the bed with a gloomy face and a chain on his wrist. 

There is a trace of black fog on the chain. Once the man hits the flame, the black fog will jump up and swallow it like seeing something delicious. When the flame is swallowed up, it will be quietly coiled on the chain. 

When he found someone coming in, it was just like a living creature. He immediately became vigilant and turned around suddenly. It was clear that he had no eyes. However, Zhou Xuanxuan felt that this guy was staring at himself. As if he had any change, he immediately rushed up to let him know why there were no flowers. 

Zhou Xuanxuan "..." 

Not to be provoked, not to be provoked. 

He did not dare to come forward, but carefully sat on the stool, and the bedside separated by a certain distance before he felt at ease. 

The man stares at him darkly. 

Looking at Zhou Xuanxuan sitting down, he sneered, "I'm so good to you, you sold me?" 

Zhou Xuanxuan " You Are you good to me? " 

"Am I not good to you?" 

The man who was bound by the chain was excited, and his handsome face was full of rage 

"I knew you were a man and didn't kill you! If I knew you were with him, I should have burned you 

Maybe he was too excited to scold him. He hissed again, his face was not willing and angry. He stretched out his hand and rubbed his buttocks 

"you rabbit masters are just like his mother. You pretend to be a woman for Laozi's sake, and song XiaBing is a weak animal. I really don't know what kind of evil I have made, and I'm attracted by you two." 

Zhou Xuanxuan "..." 

He dressed up as a woman in order to get the time?? 

"Master, make sure that you robbed me!" 

"Then why don't you tell me that you are a man when I rob you? If I know you're a man, I'll steal a fart!" 

Zhou Xuanxuan "..." 

Didn't he think that he would die in any case, and it would be unjust to die in the hand of Shiqing, a level seven power? 

Who knows Shi Qing didn't want to seek revenge, but fell in love with him. 

He tried to argue, "really, I'm really not interested in you.""Don't lie to me, don't worry, I can't kill you now." 

Zhou Xuanxuan So are you going to kill me later?? 

He tried to explain "really boss, not everyone has such a unique taste like song XiaBing. Even if I like men, I won't like you." 

"What the hell do you mean?" he said in his eyes 

He Hula Hula of the chain on his hand "Laozi!! I will kill you today 

Zhou Xuanxuan gulped down his mouth as he watched the restless black fog following Shi Qing's actions. 

"Boss, calm down!! Calm down 

"In fact, I'm here to persuade you. Let's not talk about that nonsense. Let's talk about what to do in the future." 

Zhou Xuanxuan quickly digs off the topic, and sure enough, the anger on her face disappears. 

He asked, "last night You and songxiabing, what's the matter 

Seeing the man's face angry again, Zhou Xuanxuan quickly expressed his position: "boss, don't be angry, I'm on your side!! I ask you these, just want to help you analyze the situation, and then we will knock down song XiaBing, save you in the water and fire ah 

Zhou Xuanxuan certainly doesn't think so. 

He felt like he had no hope of escaping. 

It's not to fool Shiqing, let him obediently from the pine summer ice. 

This really can't be wronged that he didn't show his loyalty. 

It's time to be clear. 

Even for him, the characters like song XiaBing can be stirred. It can be seen how hard Shiqing tries. 

Speaking of, straight men are so likely to tease? 

Zhou Xuanxuan "otherwise, tell me the details of last night. I'll help you find out the weakness of song XiaBing." 

By the way, find out which set Shiqing ate best, and then sell him to song XiaBing. 

Shi Qing felt that he had got the point. 

He's not sure who to show off with. 

All of them are too small and pure. Some topics are not easy to tell. 

Of course, he won't admit that the biggest reason is that even if he told everything, this guy would immediately empty the color memory. 

Now it's all right. 

He can show off with Zhou Xuanxuan. 

"Shi Qing" says that he doesn't need the power, and he says that I don't need it. If I don't have the power, I don't have the ability? I stole peaches and hit the spot. As a result, his grandmother's animal let me continue to steal. " 

Zhou Xuanxuan suddenly realized, "did you eat the peach?" 

The man gave him a gloomy look. "No 

Zhou Xuanxuan "did he eat peaches?" 

The man's face is still dark and dark. 

Zhou Xuanxuan understands. 

He went on to ask, "and then you kiss No, you have been shameless by him? " 

Of course not. Is Laozi the kind of person who admits defeat? I kicked him in the face and told him to get out of here 

Zhou Xuanxuan: "he's gone?" 

Big brother of fire 

He gritted his teeth. "He grabbed Lao Tzu's foot and laid him down." 

"Of course, I can't give up like this, but he doesn't know where he got the chain and tied me up, so I used my power and called out a fire to burn him." 

Zhou Xuanxuan felt that there was no need to guess at the end, "did he extinguish your fire?" 

The man's face darkened again. 

"He brought the candle." 

Zhou Xuanxuan lies in the manger! 

Zhou Xuanxuan was stimulated too much. 

Next, his eyes were searching for the man's exposed skin, trying to find out where the candle was used. 

From time to time, you have to be emotional. Uh huh, ah, reply 

"yes, yes, he is really shameless." 

"Yes, yes, it's shameless." 

"The boss is right. Such scum will be punished by everyone." 

After complaining (showing off), Shiqing also showed some relaxation. 

"When I'm finished, try to kill him quickly." 

Zhou Xuanxuan carefully reminded "boss, you are bound to him, and you will die if he dies." 

However, the man is totally indifferent to "die, even if I die, I don't want to be insulted!" 

Zhou Xuanxuan didn't want to hinder Shi Qing from dying. 

But the problem is, what does Shi Qingyi have? He is definitely the first to die!! 

He can only persuade 

"boss, don't say that. You can see how much pain you have suffered, how many sins you have suffered, how many brain cells have died to build up the fire. You are still a level seven power. You can walk horizontally no matter where you go. Why should you take yourself in for him without any reason? Thank you."Seeing Qing nodding thoughtfully, Zhou Xuanxuan hurriedly continued, "is not it just being oppressed by a man? What's the matter? Can it hurt more than being bitten by a zombie? " 

Shiqing chuckled, "it's like you've been bitten by a zombie." 

Zhou Xuanxuan touched her hair and said, "don't say, I've been bitten." 

"But that's not the point. The point is, boss! young! Brilliant! There are so many infatuated people. Why do you want to destroy yourself for a person who doesn't have long eyes? " 

"Why don't we just hang out and let him go if he wants to. It's just that his butt hurts for two days. What's the matter?" 

The man looked at him with pity. "You don't think it's anything. You go and let him do it." 

Zhou Xuanxuan "..." 

He doesn't care about moral integrity. Isn't that cowardly? 

"Look at you, boss. Don't I give you advice? Anyway, men, you are also men. You know, they are fresh for three days. He seems to be infatuated with you now. After a long time, when he finds more fresh meat, he will surely change his target. When you are young, you will find a group of women. Who cares about you, right? " 

"You have a point." 

"I want to think about it." 

Hey, hey, hey, you can borrow the donkey from the slope.





 Shi Qing knew what Zhou Xuanxuan was up to. Didn't he just trick him into feeding songxiabing, the wild wolf? 

Right in the middle. 

As Zhou Xuanxuan begins to Balabala, "boss, your life is very valuable. He Songxia Bing is a fart. Why do you want to die early because of him?" "why don't we lie down on our salary and try to survive this wave first, so that we can win." his expression gradually relaxed and looked at Zhou Xuanxuan. Both sides looked very friendly. 

Zhou Xuanxuan: Hey, I'm a real genius. 

Shi qingtut, he is really a talent. 

Songxia ice with porridge back to see two people looking at this scene, his eyes dark, holding porridge hand slightly tight. 

Seeing the man in bed looking up to see himself, the smile on his face suddenly fell down and became indignant. 

His Adam's Apple moved slightly, but his face showed a gentle smile: "boss, I just went to the kitchen to get a bowl of porridge, and specially let people put some sugar in it." 

With that, the young man came forward with a smile and sat on the edge of the bed and whispered, "I'll feed you." 

Shi Qing looked at him with a gloomy look. 

After Song XiaBing, Zhou Xuanxuan makes a gesture of encouragement. The mouth shape is also the boss. Come on! 

You can! You can do it! 

His movements are a little big. Songxia Bing drops his eyes slightly, and a wisp of black fog reaches Zhou Xuanxuan's eyes. 

Zhou Xuanxuan "..." 

"Ha ha, boss, SongGe, please talk slowly. I have something else to do. I'll go first." 

He slipped away. 

He also closed the door with kindness. 

When Qing this just took on the face that does not want to look, took that bowl of porridge, directly big gulp of drink up. 

Song Xia Bing sees him obedient to drink, but the mood is not good where to go. 

Just now, Qingqing clearly didn't want to drink it. 

But after he threatened Zhou Xuanxuan, he drank the porridge with such cooperation. 

Zhou Xuanxuan 

He had a flash of killing intention in his heart and was forced to suppress it by himself. 

No, you can't touch him yet. 

The boss can't be stimulated now. This Zhou Xuanxuan is still useful. 

When qingsuction slip suction slip finished porridge, directly throw the clean bowl to Songxia ice hands. 

"Go and get me drumsticks, so you feed the rabbit." 

Song XiaBing didn't care about the tone of his command. Instead, he explained with a smile, "boss, you were hurt last night. Today, you'd better just drink some porridge for the time being." 

The man looked at him unhappily, "you son of a bitch to do this kind of animal matter still not calculate, still want to starve me?" 

"No way." 

The young man leans towards him with a smile. He frowns slightly. Some of the rejection lean back. He doesn't care. Instead, he reaches his hand to the other side's abdomen where he can feel his abdominal muscles. 

Feel the man nervous tight body, a pair of eyes vigilant looking at himself, as if once he has action will immediately launch the ability, song XiaBing smile sweet, a pair of peach blossom eyes smile slightly curved. 

"Besides, I fed you so much last night that you can't eat it now." 

He meant something, but it was a pity that the object he was facing was Shi Qing. 

"Fart, I didn't eat a grain of rice last night. When did you feed me?" 

The young man picked up his eyebrows with a smile, reached his ear and whispered, "no, it is Is it time? " 

When he had finished, he retreated slightly, trying to appreciate the indignation of shame. 

The man in front of him suddenly realized, and then a handsome and unruly face showed a few slights of disdain. 

"hiss, that's what you are, little boy." 

He was also particularly proud of pointing out that song XiaBing "you said that it was into the intestines, what I eat is into the stomach, thanks to your last life or university, no culture." 

In his tone, his disdain for song XiaBing and his complacency that he had such rich knowledge were not concealed at all. 

Songxia ice "..." 

He felt his chest ache again. 

Efforts to adjust a few breaths, in the bottom of my heart to tell myself, when Qing is a straight man, is a straight man, is to adjust the state of mind. 

Song XiaBing wants to let go of this topic and jump directly to the next paragraph, but Shiqing is not willing to let him go. Instead, with a proud look of "you are a college student, you can't even compare with me, a little thug", and he keeps talking about popular science 

"the intestine is the intestine, and the stomach is the stomach. If you don't get into the stomach, how can you be full? You have a biology class Didn't the teacher teach you? " 

He seems to have forgotten his pain. The more he said it, the more he tried. In the end, he was still in the end. With seven points of pride on his face, two points of pride and one point of disdain, he ended with a sentence 

"my biology teacher will teach you."Songxia ice "..." 

He was very angry and laughed, showing a sweet smile on his face. He asked in a soft voice, "it's better to send it directly from mouth to stomach next time." 

The man was silent. 

His face darkened again. Instead of being as angry as yesterday, he sat back with silent vigilance. 

Seeing the complacent look on his face was covered by vigilance and slight exclusion, it was obviously a sentence that blocked people back. 

As a result, the bottom of Songxia ice is more stuffy. 

He found that he still liked the proud and proud Shi Qing, who was full of "Laozi is the best in the world, and all of you are rubbish". 

However, such time Qing was killed by him. 

He didn't even know whether he was right or wrong. 

Songxia Bing has just raised a haze at the bottom of her heart. The man sitting on the bed is cold and vigilant, and snorts coldly 

"don't think I'm afraid of you. Don't forget that you were in your stomach last night." 

Finish this sentence, the expression on Qing's face is proud again, quite a kind of "ha ha ha ha, you still lost" complacency. 

Songxia ice "..." 

He suppressed Shiqing, a proud man. 

Later, he was oppressed by himself and was not happy when he was not in. 

As a result, Shiqing was proud of himself again. 

Why does he still have a kind of impulse to hit people in the bottom of his heart?? 

Shi Qing also deliberately sat up straight and looked down at Song XiaBing. 

"do you really want me to do this disgusting thing with you?" 

Song Xia Bing listens to this topic, also can't attend to the bottom of my heart in the end is stuffy. 

With a sweet smile, he held out his slender fingers and slightly grasped the man's big hand. 

Seeing Shiqing, though uncomfortable on his face, didn't shake off his own hand. He was happy in the bottom of his heart. 

It seems that Zhou Xuanxuan is of some use. 

At the bottom of my heart, Zhou Xuanxuan's level was raised to the point where she could be used again after killing her. The young man said in a soft voice: "boss, I really like you. As I said before, if you are willing to promise me, you will still be the boss of the fire, and I will be your subordinate. All this will not change." 

Shi Qing pretended to meditate. 

Seeing that the host is really considering, the system jumps out to remind the host to be cautious. Don't trust him. His rejection has not changed at all. Maybe this person is plotting to kill you. 

Shi Qing Tong, you are still too young to exclude a person because you hate him, but it doesn't mean you don't love him. 

System Is that the case? So, that song XiaBing, does he love you, host? 

Shi qingtut, I think, he should have taken a fancy to my fresh meat. 

System??? 

It was as if I had taken a fancy to his fresh meat. 

He rarely explained the character of song XiaBing, that is, if others don't give him love in return, he is absolutely unwilling to give a little, um, just like me. 

The system got it this time. 

It has finally learned something. 

Its own host and Songxia ice. 

That's half a dozen, no equal. 

Song XiaBing doesn't know what Shi Qing is thinking. Seeing him pondering, he quietly throws out a big bait. 

"boss, you don't just want to stabilize the fire, but although you are a high-level ability, there are not many level 7 talents in the base. In addition, there are five. If you can't beat them, you can only develop slowly The fire is raging. " 

The youth said, showing a smile, a pair of beautiful eyes in the bright as if there are stars, so looking to the time Qing. 

Beside me, a pile of black fog slowly emerged. 

The smile on the corner of his lips also widened slightly 

"but I can beat them." 

"As long as you promise me, I am your man The most faithful one. " 

Said, he slightly clenched the man's hand, hint general, with his finger gently hook when the palm. 

The man gave a thrill and quickly pulled his hand back. 

In the face of doubt "are you serious? Will you listen to me 

Song Xia Bing definitely nodded. 

However, Shi Qing seemed to be hesitating and said, "you swear." 

The smile on the young man's face was full of tenderness, and he really made an oath. 

The man was relieved. 

"Well, I promise you that you will be my subordinate and fight for me in the future." 

The youth's face is happy, obviously did not expect that Shi Qing should be so easy to relax. 

With a triumphant smile, he held out his hand slightly, and as soon as he fell on the shoulder of a man, he was shaken away with vigilance on his face 

"Boss, I want to reflect on the little game we played last night."Br > "if you don't listen to me, I'm not going to tell you what to say 

Songxia ice "..." 

He looked at Shi Qing and found that the expression on his face was serious. 

His throat is sweet again. 

It's just not physical, it's psychological. 

Shi Qing 

Why is it like a piece of wood!! 

"In this case, let the boss see if I have any!" 

"Come again! get the hell out of here! You go to me Ah! Don't touch Lao Tzu's tail if you're good at it! " 

Shiqing Hey! Again! 

They spent two days together in bed. On the third day, someone came to the pine family.





 Songjia came to the base to exchange materials. 

Songjia has more food, but less weapons and less daily necessities. 

People in the base now know that song XiaBing is the "red man" in front of their boss. Although the Song family refused to give ransom, it was almost equivalent to watching song XiaBing die. 

But at least songxiabing is also a member of the pine family. 

They know that the boss likes songxiabing, and they all flatter him. When they know the news, they go to tell song XiaBing. 

Song Xia Bing only seemed to smile as soft and weak as before. After hearing this, her face showed a little aggrieved, and she leaned in her arms. 

Although they are of the same height, it's a bit against him to lean on him like this, but it's better than Shiqing leaning on his arms. 

"Boss..." 

His tone seems to be aggrieved can not do the same, listen to the "forced to hold him" of the man's face blue, a face of disgust. 

He can't help it. 

Although song XiaBing is still a subordinate of Shiqing, he certainly won't let the outside world think that Shi Qing is still single because of his previous experience (when Qing went to find a woman). 

As a result, this goods is very shameless in front of outsiders and when the Qing inseparable, with a weak face, sometimes coquettish. 

He not only made clear the relationship between the two, but also did not let Shi Qing lose face. 

After all, it's nothing to play with men these days. 

But for such a fire boss as Shiqing, it's a shame to be played by a man. 

However, song XiaBing doesn't want this face. 

He preferred to let others think that he was the inheritor, and he also wanted to make his own badge on Shi Qing. 

What's more, Shiqing was upset because he forced him to do it. 

If he didn't give him the face outside, I'm sure the man won't want to bear it. He'll kill him. 

What does Shi Qing think. 

Ha ha ha ha ha ha!!! 

He wanted to be like the emperor's favorite concubine, holding the "weak and poor little beauty" to coax him. However, as a straight man, he only pushed people out with a black face, "speak well, don't always rub me." 

Song XiaBing's beautiful face shows more and more grievances. It seems that he pushed back the aggrieved one. In fact, his slender and white fingertips directly swept the red tail which could not be seen by others. 

Just also a face irritable man's body a stiff, uncontrolled soft body. 

Songxia ice again stretched out his hand, and they naturally leaned together again. 

"Boss, you really hate it. You say you don't want people to be next to you, and then you hold them over." 

He deliberately softened his voice and made his face even worse when he saw Shiqing's ugly face. 

The larynx is rolling up and down, obviously to suppress the idea of vomiting. 

Song XiaBing had deliberately made fun of him. 

As a result, he really hated himself, but he didn't feel proud at all in the bottom of my heart. Instead, he was extremely bitter. 

Shi Qing 

Is he really hopeless? 

Can't you really like him a little bit? 

Even a little bit. 

The younger brother, who came to tell them about the Song family's love, was full of envy in his eyes and quickly flattered him. 

"the elder brother and the elder brother song are really good feelings. Looking at the whole base, only our boss is so dedicated. Look at the boss of other teams, which one does not have at least two lovers." 

He meant to be happy when he wanted to boast. 

As a result, he found that he had just finished, and the sight of his boss was cold and frightening, full of bad. 

Little brother "..." 

Why does he feel like he's buttering up on a horse's hoof? 

But it's not right. 

Carefully looked at the two people, see that they are indeed close to each other honey, body next to the body. 

It's very close. That's right. 

Shi Qing really wanted to praise this little brother, but he had to maintain the personnel establishment, so he could only gnash his teeth and his face was livid. 

"please explain clearly what the pine family is doing, don't always say some useless nonsense." 

Oh 

It turns out that the boss doesn't like his work attitude and is out of the question. 

I'm the boss. I'm so serious and strict. 

"They come to exchange goods and materials. It seems that they want to exchange food for weapons, but the price is a little high. Many people in the base are watching." 

Wait and see, it's only temporary. 

Now, although the base has begun to grow grain, it is not as enough as before the end of the world. The more food, the better. 

The Song family is bound to return with full load. 

Songxia ice this "Daji" is uneasy to get up, twist the body to climb to when clear ear"Boss, I bought all the grains of the pine family before the end of the world." 

There were signs before the end of the world, but at that time, no one thought that human beings would become zombies. Song XiaBing only thought that there would be economic problems. In case of emergency, he beat the crowd and bought a large number of grain. 

As a result, it turned out to be a wedding dress for others. 

He had a bad temper, and from small to big, only when he was provoked could he be virtuous. 

How could he be happy to let him watch the pine family live comfortably with his own food. 

The man looked at him inexplicably, "so what, now the food is in their hands, but not in your hands. Besides, there is no your name on it." 

"My name is not written on it, but now it is not a society ruled by law. There are so many grains in it. It's not as good as..." 

Song Xia Bing's hand gently playing when clear fingers, whispered, "let's grab the grain back." 

When Qing chuckled, he wanted to take back his hand, but he was firmly grasped by Songxia Bing. He could only smell a face and let the youth play with his hands. 

"Do you think you've got it back? You think the pine family are all idiots? So much grain is being transported here without security? " 

This is the end of the world. 

There is no law for a long time. We all talk by force. 

If the pine family is not sure, how can they come to other bases. 

Shi Qing said, "no, we can't. I'm not sure. I won't do it." 

Song XiaBing knew that he would say this, and ordered a little when Qing's hand "boss, you don't do it, then I can go alone." 

"You want to die," Shi Qing said 

Listen to him say so, Song Xia Bing heart a joy. 

Would Shi Qing care about him? 

Ding! The repulsion degree of Songxia ice sheet is 500 out of 100 

the system has been perfected. 

Even if songxiabing falls to 200 in one breath, it won't have any surprise. 

Too much exciting life, it almost forgot, the general initial rejection is 100%. 

Song XiaBing opened her fingers slightly, clasped with the ten fingers of a man with a face full of unwillingness, and was full of tenderness 

"how can I be willing to die with such a beauty as the boss?" 

The younger brother at the bottom heard a chill. 

I just think the slot is full. 

Let's not say that song XiaBing, such a weak waste wood, should go to Gan song's house. 

Just talk about their boss? Beauty??? 

Sure enough, love can blind people's eyes. 

Song Xia Bing didn't pay attention to what his younger brother was thinking. He only coaxed Shiqing, "don't worry, I'll be careful. If there's something, I'll run faster than anyone else." 

With that, he looked at the big tail behind the man, and his eyes were gentle and even more "boss, you will be like this in the future. I will be very happy if you care more about me." 

"Who cares about you? I'm afraid you'll die." 

Songxia ice "..." 

He felt as if his powers were going to be stimulated. 

The younger brother at the bottom was moved again. 

The original boss! Even willing to die for song XiaBing? 

Oh, my God!!! 

What kind of fairy love is this!! 

At such a cold and cruel time in the last world, there is still such sincere love. 

It was so moving. 

He was moved, but song XiaBing was not moved. 

The dark color of his eyes, angry wish to immediately grab the tail of the person in front of him, overturn him to the ground, and teach people a good "lesson" to let him know whether he should care about himself. 

But when you lift your eyes and face up, you can only bear the tone in your heart. 

He stood up with a cold face. "I'll go out for a minute." 

The younger brother was still sighing about the beautiful love, but he watched song XiaBing go away. His face was not so good-looking. He was confused and looked carefully at Shiqing 

"boss What's wrong with SongGe 

"How can I know?" 

Huoting boss's tone is not very good. When he returned to him, he was also full of resentment. "It's really weird day by day. It's hard to serve him. I'm so tolerant of him." 

Song Xia Bing, who has not gone far away, hears this sentence, and his heart is a stem. 

He has a strange personality?? 

He's hard to serve??!!! 

Shiqing, do you have heart!! 

He held his fist and walked out of the fire with a black face. 

Half an hour later, my little brother's face was shaken silly expression, trembling to is holding a cigarette face impatient hand peel melon seeds ready to eat in one breath in front of Qing. 

"Old man, boss, SongGe, he, he, he..." 

When Qing impatiently took down the cigarette, "speak well!""He put the pine family All the people sent by the pine family have fallen down... " 

The younger brother was in a trance and gulped down his mouth. "The pine family hired three level seven high-level talents this time, but none of them was supported by brother song Boss, why is he so powerful... " 

The boss didn't tell them. 

"Horizontal trough!" 

When Qing Dynasty a perch rolls, he gets up from the sofa, "quick, quick, quick, copy guy!" 

"What's the boss doing? Isn't SongGe beating people down? " 

"Are you stupid or not? Let's take people to share a share! He pine summer ice, but we are angry people, can not let other teams take advantage 

"Oh, oh 

I suddenly realized that I had to send someone to go. 

So, the base of the people to see, the fire of a group of people mighty with the guy out. 

They soon arrived at the place where the pine family was stationed. 

As soon as he passed by, he saw the people around him. He watched carefully. When he came over, his expression was very strange. 

Shi Qing roared, "what are you looking at! Haven't you seen such a beautiful man as Laozi 

There was a fiery little brother who was watching the excitement. Seeing him coming, he rushed over and said in a strange voice: 

"boss, you'd better go and have a look with your own eyes..." 

Shiqing pushes aside the crowd and finds that song XiaBing is hanging and beating a level 7 talent. 

While fighting, he scolded with a cold face 

"I'm called to call me Yin Yang strange Qi 

"I told you to find a woman!" 

"You don't like me fuckin '!"!! Like me or not!! Do you like me or not 

Without saying a word, it's a fist. 

That one's been beaten dumb. 

I just want to kneel down and beg for mercy. "Like it, sir. I like it. You let me go." 

"Even you?" 

Song XiaBing kicks people out. 

The man flew some distance before landing. 

Everyone "..." 

The last one who stealthily attacked himself was beaten down, and song XiaBing stopped working. Instead, he put down his sleeve he had pulled up before, and turned into the original clean and refreshing appearance. 

The young man turned around and saw Shiqing. His eyes were bright. He ran forward in small steps and ran into the man's arms. 

"Boss, you're here." 

"I just remembered that when you were not with me, you were in a bad mood, so I came to them to vent my anger. The man didn't know why he suddenly confessed to me. But boss, don't worry. I only like you. Don't be angry." 

What a wretched and weak look. 

Shi Qing looked around. 

I saw that the faces of people around are the same rigid, eyes are also the same confused shock. 

There is also a little sympathy. 

Tut Tut, it is true that there are Rouge tigers in our family.





 When Qing feels, pine summer ice this boy is in pointing at mulberry. 

However, he is a straight man. He doesn't understand. Hey! 

Song Xia Bing scolded, and especially shameless glanced at everything, a pair of I did not say you look. 

Although the pine family were all beaten down, they did not die. 

It's not that song XiaBing can't kill them, but he deliberately left a hand. 

He knows too well what kind of virtue the pine family is. 

The typical bully is afraid of the hard. 

Now when I saw the arrival of the individual (Shiqing), the song XiaBing, who was going to raze their place to the ground, suddenly turned into a "little wretch", who refused to come down from the man. 

The pine family's original fear of him immediately disappeared. 

"This is Mr. Shi Qing, who is in a rage." 

The young master of the pine family, whose nose was bleeding, got up hard and took a look of resentment. When he was pulling, he had to rely on Song XiaBing in his arms. His skin was smiling and his flesh was not laughing. 

It's not that he doesn't want to laugh. It's really 

My face is swollen. I can't smile. 

"He hugged his fist." I've heard that Shiqing, the boss of huoting, is a happy man. We Songjia come to do business honestly. I don't know where to offend you huoting. We should send someone to target us like this. " 

"We have nothing else in the pine family. Food is absolutely enough, and we can employ several high-level talents. If Mr. Shi doesn't give us a reason, today's matter is not reasonable. If Mr. Shi doesn't want to be enemies with our Matsu family, we'd better let us discipline the people around you." 

Songxia ice eyebrow slightly moved, black fog in the fingertip halo Rao. 

He just likes to dress up in front of him. He was just a humble character before he left the Song family. He was very brave. 

He was cold and ready to teach this guy how to be a man. Suddenly, he heard the voice of the man leaning against him coldly. He was still in a cranky and cranky manner. He could not pronounce clearly with his cigarette in his mouth 

Song Xia Bing's expression moved. 

Shi Qing 

Is he protecting him? 

Although he knows that Shiqing is likely to protect himself because of his charming fox, Songxia Bing feels that this time is not the same. 

Shi Qing was a possessive person. He always preferred to kill himself rather than give it to outsiders. 

And now the Song family said that he would discipline the fire for him, obviously moved the scale of the Qing Dynasty. 

Song Xia Bing vaguely seems to have caught something. 

Yes, Shi Qing is very protective. 

He is horizontal to outsider, when Qing also won't say what more, can come to share a share at most. 

But if an outsider is facing him. 

Song XiaBing is a little weaker himself 

The young man's face is buried in the man's arms, and the corners of his lips are quietly raised. 

When I raised my face again, it was pathetic on my face. 

"I just heard that the Matsu family had come, so I wanted to come and have a look. After all, I'm also the Matsu family. I haven't seen them for so long in the base, and I really miss them." 

Song XiaBing looked very aggrieved. "Who knows they scolded me when they saw me, boss. If I had been scolded before, I would forget it. But now that we are all together, I represent your face. How can I let him scold like this? Moreover, they not only scold me, but also say that even if I am covered by the fire, even if I am the boss, I can't escape One is dead. " 

Song family "..." 

The young master of the Song family almost didn't spit out blood. "You fart!! What evidence do you have to say that we said these things! " 

Song Xia Bing seems to be very timid, more time to lean on the body, weak way "you said, if you don't admit it, you'll take out the evidence you didn't say." 

Song family "..." 

Song Xia Bing made more efforts to complain: "boss, you don't know, I was looked down on in the pine family when I was a child. I was bullied from childhood to big. I grew up and they couldn't bully me any more. As the end of the world came, they left me alone in our base. My father didn't want me. It seemed that I didn't have this son, and I was left alone I don't know how hard it will be 

What he said was that he felt sad and saw tears. 

It's a pity that a group of people around him have witnessed how he loosed his family just now. 

The bottom of my heart is a piece of "..." 

It was Shiqing, slightly moved. 

This is not a broken set, song XiaBing knew that he was also abandoned by his father, and was brought up by his mother since childhood. 

Looking at his last words, he successfully let the face of the fire boss show anger, Songxia ice heart warm. 

Even though he knew that a large part of the reason for Shi Qing was that he thought of his father, but there was still a small part of the reason that he pined Xia Bing?The man tightens his eyebrows, spits out smoke on his face, and raises his chin at people in all kinds of injured positions. 

"you loose your family and deceive people, and I will not dispute with you. If you give all the grain you brought to huoting, I will let you die." 

Song family "..." 

Shameless lying trough!! 

Who the hell is bullying people too much!! 

Obviously, it was song XiaBing. When he came to their station, he went directly to the young master of the Song family without saying a word. 

The guard attacked him secretly, but he was hanged instead. He didn't know the sky or the earth. 

They were beaten for no reason. 

As a result, Shiqing wants them to make compensation?? 

"Boss, I don't think that's right." 

Is in the heart to suppress bend, do not know whether to go up to open dry or open scolding, heard a understand person to speak. 

Feeling a glimmer of hope, the pine family looked at the past with hope and found that it was song XiaBing who was speaking. 

The expression on their faces was immediately distorted. 

Sure enough, Songxia leaned on the man's arms, just like a demon concubine, whispering her coquettes. 

"they bully me like this. How can we have as simple as food, boss? I just took a quick look. Ten members of the pine family came, all surnamed song. I don't think it's as good as this. We'll detain all the people and put them in jail If you don't, send them a ransom 

Song family "..." 

Shameless!!! 

How shameless!!! 

Song XiaBing, a bitch, has always hated them for taking advantage of the end of the world to seize power. 

But Shiqing shouldn't do that. 

If he really detained ten members of the Matsu family, and they were detained in public, the Matsu family could not have known the truth. 

At that time, they will not be in direct opposition to the Matsu family. 

Yes!! 

Shiqing is also the first to create the fire, he should not be so stupid. 

The man standing opposite nodded thoughtfully, "what you said is reasonable." 

"Yes, and when we detain these people, we can also let them do coolies, which is not wasted at all." 

Songxia ice maliciously looked at the iron faced pine family, "ten people, can exchange a lot of food." 

One of the young masters of the pine family could not help but soften his legs as soon as he came into contact with his sight. 

"If there is no food, we are all worthless. We are just the collateral of the pine family..." 

When Qing frowned, his face was irascible 

"That's no use? Kill, kill. " 

Song family "..." 

These two people are fuckin 'crazy!! 

Song Xia Bing laughed with a smile, "boss, the collateral is not worth money, and the lineage is valuable. I think it's better for me to go to their base, bind their lineage, and then ask for ransom, and tie up as many people as you want. At that time, our fire is not about how much food we need." 

The pine family " impossible!! There are seven level masters in our pine family! " 

Shiqing couldn't help laughing 

"then you who made us angry were not level 7 masters 

The pine family is silent. 

Not only did they not know how to say it, but also because they found that song XiaBing's expression became strange after Shi Qing finished his words. They didn't know if they were going to kill them. 

Song Xia Bing's attention at the moment is totally not on the pine family. 

He has a pair of beautiful eyes with a little starlight, looking to let himself lean in his arms, this is a very happy mood, shaking the red tail of the fire man. 

He said just now that people who are angry 

Did Shi Qing admit that he was also a man of fire? 

Song XiaBing has a reddish cheek, not shy, but excited. 

The young man gently rubbed his face against the man and said in a low voice, "boss, do you think I'm the one with the fire?" 

"Of course." 

When Qing answered very happily, he also put his whole person in his arms. 

Songxiabing is in a better mood, and even the color of her lips is becoming more and more red. 

Shi Qing 

It's not that hopeless. 

Then he heard Shi Qing say, "you are the one who is angry with us. Of course, the food you get down is also from us. If anyone comes, don't let me down!! These are all Laozi's 

Songxia ice "..." 

He slowly squeezed out a smile on his face: "you Just for the food? This food is more important than me? " 

The younger brothers around "..." 

If it had been, they might have sighed that the eldest brother could not look at people's faces.But now 

Song XiaBing is a person who single out several level seven masters!! 

Boss, can you calm down!! 

If this sentence is wrong, it is not domestic violence, it is simply heaven. 

Shi Qing thought seriously on his face and thought, "well..." 

The younger brothers around all raised their hearts. 

Even song XiaBing, knowing that his temperament is like that, is unlikely to change, or can not help but take some expectations. 

Finally, in front of the man a face pain to make up his mind, the pain of biting teeth "line! 20% for you! It's only 20 percent. It can't be more. " 

Songxia ice "..." 

He clenched his fist without expression. 

After that, the pine family discussed it clearly and cried out with heartache, "OK, we promised to give you food." 

The young man turned his head with cold eyes. 

The black fog whipped them around. 

"I changed my mind." 

"Song family, I have to destroy it!" 

The Song family 

Lying trough?!! 

Didn't you say that only food was needed before?! 

Shameless!!





 Song XiaBing does what he says. 

To say that we will destroy the pine family is to destroy the pine family. 

In the base, there was a rumor that "did you hear that the little lover of huoting boss turned out to be a high-level talent, and he was jealous to destroy the pine family in the base next door.". 

He has quickly destroyed the pine family. 

The collapse of the pine family is definitely doomed for song XiaBing. 

There are so many people in the Matsu family. Of course, it is impossible for everyone to bully him. No one is not on his side. 

But the problem is, these people standing beside him were killed by those who stood opposite to song XiaBing when they came to the end of the world. 

Either they become zombies, ordinary people are used as bait, and those with powers are attacked to death. 

Compared with the so-called weeding, these pine family members do much better than pine summer ice. 

At that time, song XiaBing had just awakened to the "waste firewood ability", and people were in the base, so they could not protect themselves. 

Now what he can do is to take over the loose family, find his wife and children, and take good care of them. 

The action of songxiabing is absolutely vigorous. 

After all, his powers are on. 

Now the level seven ability is the top powerful, and songxiabing can hang level seven. 

The outcome is obvious. 

Instead of eradicating the roots, he treated the pine family members as coolies and sent them to the base where the fire was located. 

These, in the eyes of outsiders, are dowries, in the eyes of Songxia Bing, are the food of betrothal gifts. When the time comes, there is only one sentence left. 

"No matter what it is, it's all Laozi's!" 

The boss of huoting is very happy recently. 

Because of this batch of grain, he and see the pine summer ice are a lot of eye-catching. 

How did song XiaBing say to him, "boss, you said it at the beginning, 80% of you and 20% of me." 

When he finished this sentence, he waited confidently for Shi Qing to appreciate himself. 

After all, although the words are like this, everyone knows that what Shi Qing said at the beginning clearly said was the batch of grain brought by the pine family to the base. 

However, 80% of the grain brought by Songxia Bing is all stored by the pine family. 

This is much more than what was said before. 

Songxiabing knew that Shiqing liked food, so he didn't believe it. He brought so much grain, and his sincerity was full. Shiqing didn't respond to him like a wood. 

The man sat in his chair with a cigarette in his mouth, but his eyes were like those of a child. His eyes were black and bright, and his face was happy to see the grain in storage. 

After listening to what song XiaBing said, he turned his head, took the cigarette from his mouth and grinned, "Hey, did I say 80% at the beginning? Are you wrong? How can I remember it as if I said 90% 

Songxia ice "..." 

Even the little brother standing beside Shiqing couldn't see his boss's impudence. 

"Boss, you said 80% of what you said at the beginning, and I was there too. I heard it really." 

When the man was found out, he didn't feel embarrassed. He just put the cigarette back into his mouth and snorted a few times. 

"I can't see that you have a good memory. What are you doing here? Can't you see so much work for you? Don't hurry. " 

The younger brother's accolade smiles at the pine summer ice, and then goes out. 

Songxia Bing is reacting now. 

He almost forgot. 

Shi Qing was able to be the boss of the fire, not only by his high military value, but also by his impudence. 

In this man's eyes, he pine summer ice is the person of fire, then these grains are also the people of fire. 

Just although know when Qing is this temperament, pine summer ice but still can't help but feel angry. 

It was not so easy for him to destroy the pine family. 

Now his ability overdraft, but still forced to bring food back, is to win the favor of time. 

As a result, it is clear that others have come back, but Shiqing's eyes have always been on those grains. 

Grain, grain, he knows a grain!! 

Can't he see such a living man standing here?? 

Songxia ice in the bottom of my heart has resentment, looking up to the time when Qing is calling people, a pair of eyes also slightly dark down. 

The man is commanding people to be careful. If the grain bag is broken, I will take your head 

"Hey, hey, you, you, you, walk slowly. It doesn't matter if you fall. Don't drop my grain." 

One mouthful of Laozi's food. 

It's really uncomfortable for the listener. 

With a sneer on his lips, the young man slowly stepped forward and sat down on Shi Qing's leg, with his arms around his neck. "Boss, I've been away for a few days, don't you think I am?""What can you think of? Your power is stronger than Laozi's. you can't have an accident if anyone happens." 

The man's handsome face showed a little dislike of song XiaBing's approach, frowned and retreated slightly, complaining in his mouth, "have you not bathed for several days? I'm so sticky and dirty. I'm going to get out of Laozi. I've just had a bath. " 

Song Xia Bing took a deep breath. 

I just feel that the overdraft powers are all cleared with time, which doesn't care about him at all. All of a sudden, his complaints are filled. 

He tried his best to go to the base next door, and then killed the pine family. Finally, he forced himself to have no good rest and came back with so much food. 

As a result, Shiqing saw that he was dirty and thought of not how hard he had been these days, but how to let him not be next to himself?? 

Xia wants to get angry. 

But Sheng Sheng held back, slightly raised his lips and asked softly, "boss, I haven't come back for a few days. I've forgotten where to take a bath. Why don't you take me?" 

"You are such a big man, how can you even forget where the bathing place is like a child when you are so big. I think you are also senile dementia when you are old." 

The man didn't expect that he was lying. He was disgusted with swearing and pushed him down. "Go down, I'll let someone take you." 

"I don't want it. I want the boss to take me." 

Songxiabing deliberately weak, soft voice, soft voice, "in addition to the boss, I do not believe anyone." 

"My mother is dead, my father wants me to die, boss, I only have you." 

Shi Qing's swearing stopped. 

Even the hand pushing him stopped moving. 

After two seconds, he said, "forget it, I'll take you there. It's really troublesome." 

Although the tone is still so impolite, but there is no impatience. 

The pine summer is warm in the ice heart. 

This is Shiqing. 

On the surface, it looks cold and hard, but in fact, his heart is softer than anyone else. 

The younger brothers at the bottom all adore and look forward to their boss. 

One level seven power can make another beauty who can hang up several level seven powers to be so obedient and obedient. Even if they have killed so much grain, they have to give it to their boss. 

What a charm it is. 

Don't be envious. 

They are full of envy, so looking at the majestic of their own boss pulling the incomparable soft Song Xia Bing out. 

Tut tut. 

That's why the boss can be the boss. 

Worthy of him!! 

Just arrived at the bathing place, songxiabing jumped into the water under the impatience of Shiqing, swimming back and forth like a mermaid. 

Then, the beauty came out of the bath, smiling. 

Stretch out the white tender arm to the shore, facing the front arm standing there when the clear wave, "boss, you squat down, I'll tell you a whisper." 

"Such a big man, so troublesome every day, is the boss. This is only the two of us. What do you say in a whisper? It's very troublesome." 

The man complains while his body is honest. 

As a result, just squatting down, he was grabbed by Songxia ice, and fell into the water directly. 

"Shit!! What the hell are you doing?! " 

If Songxia ice head is exposed from the water, it is a beauty bathing. 

Then Shiqing was caught off guard and pulled into the water, and his head suddenly came out of the water. He looked like a tiger who fell into the water carelessly. He was angry and angry and roared 

"don't you want to live now!" 

"Boss, that's not what you said." 

Songxiabing quietly came to him, gently touched the big red tail of the fire, raised his lips slightly, and his voice fell into the man's ears. He said softly, "our two lives are tied together. If I die, don't you also die?" 

"Go away!" 

The tail was touched, the man scolded, and his eyes were more angry. "Let me go!" 

Song XiaBing has been holding her breath since just now. Of course, it is impossible to listen to him. On the contrary, he aggravates his action against his tail. He feels that leaning against his body is no longer as powerful as he was just now. 

Soon, the majestic man outside because of being controlled weakness, can only be taken to the edge by songxiabing, a face of anger and unwilling to help the pool side. 

I didn't even have the strength to go back to the shore. 

From time to time, but also angry a few words. 

Most of them scold song XiaBing as a rabbit master. 

Song XiaBing is used to being scolded, and doesn't care at all, just touching the fluffy red tail of fire 

Gradually, when Qing did not scold. 

Only the sound of water in the pool could be heard outside. 

To the later time, the man clearly did not have the strength, but also insisted on a slap in the youth's face.When the last two people sent the pool out together, Songxia Bingxin was extremely satisfied. 

He gently hugged the weak man and said "boss, I love you." 

"I don't want you to fall in love with me, just that you don't hate me." 

Ding! Songxia ice row repel 100 out of 100 

when Qing has no strength, she can only hum "dream" powerless 

After thinking about it, he added, "but if you want me to say that I love you, you can promise me one thing." 

Song Xia Bing's eyes brightened, and the whole person was excited. 

He worked harder and harder to get closer to the man. "You say, as long as I can do it." 

Shi Qing "give me your 20% grain." 

Songxia ice "..." 

He felt that he was getting better again. 

The young man came out of the pool in silence, holding Shiqing properly arranged, and then went out without expression. 

After more than an hour, Shiqing felt a little brother running in when he was sleepy in bed. 

"Boss, SongGe, he gave away his own food, and said," you pity the orphans in the base, so he asked him to do this... " 

He wiped his sweat and was afraid of it. 

Who doesn't know in the fire, their boss loves food most. 

"Boss Don't be angry. Although there is no food now, everyone is saying that you are a good man, a great good man! "





 When Qing came over, Songxia Bing was standing high, with a little pride and relief on his white and pretty face, watching the people below come to get food. 

These people are from the orphanage. 

Those who can still run orphanages in the end of the world are absolutely well intentioned people. After all, it is not easy for adults to live now, let alone those children. 

There are a lot of children in the orphanage. Most of them are parents who are dead and have no shelter. Some of them are thrown away by their parents. Then they go to the orphanage by themselves or are sent to the orphanage by good people. 

Although everyone knows that these orphans are the hope of the future of mankind, but when the big guys are not enough to eat, who can listen to you when you say hope? 

Before, there were still people who would eat people as two legged sheep. At that time, such orphans were not few victims. 

That is to say, several major teams in the base are not satisfied with this situation. They join hands to boycott and find that one kills another, which suppresses this trend. 

But even so, the orphans still have a hard time. 

For example, those who are seven or eight years old have already tried their best to find jobs. Most of them are those who are too young to work and need food. 

Now, in the name of Shiqing, songxiabing has donated all these grains. 

Of course, although he meant to be angry with Shiqing, he still had some sense. Instead of throwing out all the food of Shiqing, he only donated 20% of his own food. 

Although every time when angry, Qing does not rank himself in the front, but the bottom of Songxia Bing's heart is also very clear. 

If he was really hiding from Shiqing, he would have given all the food out. 

It is estimated that Shiqing is not angry today, but fighting for his life. 

When Qing can't beat him, he can't bear to fight Shiqing. How can he do if he kills himself. 

Before that, he managed to coax Shi Qing and managed to maintain the current peace situation. 

To be angry, it is enough to let 20% out of anger. 

But even if it's only 20%, that's enough. 

Orphanage people grateful do not know what to say, pull the children a strong button. 

Songxiabing does not like to see these, let people get up, and then sat comfortably on the chair in tiger skin blanket of Shiqing, watching the people below carrying grain. 

"Pine summer ice!" 

Far away, the roar of the big fire came. 

Songxiabing had long expected that he would be so angry, and directly called out to the bottom, "everyone, you don't need to thank me. After all, I also did what I was told to donate these grains to the children. It was our fire boss, Shiqing. If you want to thank, please come and thank him." 

At the bottom of the orphanage people and children are immediately to the Qing a burst of thanks. 

"Thank you very much for saving our lives." 

"There are not many people like you who are willing to donate life-saving food. Mr. Shiqing, you are really a good man." 

The man is angry come over, the result sees the person below is thanking oneself, unexpectedly don't know should continue to be angry for a moment. 

Song XiaBing was angry with him and raised his voice again. "Everybody, we are the first emperor of Qing Dynasty. We can't suffer children no matter how hard we are. Now the world is sad. He also has to bear the hardships to build up the fire. But he is reluctant to see the children suffer. After all, although everyone's life is hard now, children are the hope of the future. Without children, we human beings It's not far from extinction. " 

"What did our Shiqing boss say?" 

At the bottom, no matter the people from the orphanage, the people who came to see the activity in the base, or the children who were angry all cooperated with one voice 

"OK 

"Fire, benevolence and righteousness." 

"I didn't expect that the boss of huoting had such foresight." 

"What a good man." 

Song Xia Bing looked at the bottom of a circle boast, the corner of the mouth cocked up more powerful. 

He is to hold the time high, so that even if he wants to get angry, he can not find a position to get angry. 

Now, Shi Qing must be very depressed. 

It's right to hold back. 

The man who has no heart should feel what he feels in his heart during this period of time. 

Thinking of this, Songxia Bing felt a little better. 

He looked at Shi Qing beside him with a little pride, intending to appreciate the heartache in the eyes of the other party and the expression that he could not attack. 

As a result, the smile on the corner of the mouth twitched. 

Originally, the man with anger on his face, after seeing so many people praise himself, the smile on his face is so big. 

He was so elated that he wanted to raise his chest and tell the world, "yes! I am that good man, you praise me! ". 

With a smile on his face, Shi Qing's expression of "ah, I'm so excellent" slightly stretched out his hand and pressed down"Ladies and gentlemen, you don't have to praise me so much. In fact, I didn't do anything important when I was a person. It was just me who was so soft hearted. It doesn't matter if I bear hardships myself, but children can't! Children are the hope of our country! Now everyone is suffering, and they don't care about these dolls. Well, when I see these dolls starving and suffering, I can't stand it at the bottom of my heart. I can't help it. Isn't it just for the sake of peace of mind to live this life? " 

Songxia ice "..." 

That's right. 

Shi Qing likes to be praised. 

Now when he hears others praise him, he may be more happy. 

Shi Qing was still saying in Balabala that "I serve the country and the people because I am a very good person", but he had no culture, and his words were a little confused. 

A clever little brother saw this and quickly pretended to go up to take things, and went directly under the table 

"boss, I'll help you to think of words. I'll say it, you follow me." 

Song Xia Bing took a deep breath. 

Looking at the side of the man more and more up. 

Put on a show! 

But it has to be said that his affectation is really cute. 

The younger brother still has two brushes 

"you don't need to clap. I didn't do this for the sake of fame. I just felt that some things should be done by someone. I was someone, ah, I can't say kindness, let's change words..." 

Before his younger brother came up with the idea, Shi Qingxian gave his own play: "forget it, I don't have much culture. I'd better be kind-hearted. You don't have to say anything to thank me. Take the food and go back. It's hard for people to do well. There are zombies and mutant animals outside. We human beings should unite ourselves! We should cultivate our little dolls well 

"Even if our generation can't win, there will be another generation! Next generation 

"Good 

There was a warm applause from below. 

Some people are really moved, some people are purely for the sake of holding up the time and clearing the field. 

"Since everyone is here, I'll announce another thing by the way. We're going to recruit people again. The treatment doesn't have to be said. As long as ordinary people can fight, we also want to. I know that if we fight alone, there must be no monsters outside Great, but we need to unite!! That is, they are dead!! So! Everyone who is interested in it, please come and register with us! " 

This time, huoting sent out so much food. It was like taking a big trumpet and shouting "we have food, we are so rich". When Shiqing called out, many people immediately got excited and went directly to huoting's person to sign up. 

Songxia has no expression. 

He had sent the food out to annoy people. 

It turned out that he was as bold as a cheeky fellow. He was still so angry. As a result, his face immediately burst into laughter. 

Also special took the opportunity to make a wave of advertising to the fire. 

Now huoting has a reputation for sending grain out, and it immediately recruits a large number of new members. It is estimated that in the base, Shiqing family will become the dominant one. 

This guy. 

It's true that sometimes the brain is one-sided, and sometimes it's fast. 

Asshole let Songxia gnash his teeth. 

"Brother song..." 

After Song XiaBing came back from the Song family, he was the son of his subordinates before the end of his life. Later, he was promoted to his younger brother. Seeing the ugly face of his boss, he asked carefully, "are you ok?" 

He is a songxiabing person. Of course, he knows why Songxia Binggang should put food. 

They SongGe is clearly to anger the elder brother. 

As a result, I didn't get angry at all, but I was very happy. 

I'm afraid SongGe will be angry. 

"It's OK. What can I do for you? Isn't he fond of food? You go and call people, and we will go out of the base in a moment. I heard that there is a grain warehouse in the West. It's just full of zombies. No one dares to go there. When we go and bring back the grain, I won't give a grain of rice to Shiqing, and it will be stored in our own warehouse. " 

Shiqing likes food, so he lets Shiqing watch the grain in front of him, but he can't feel it. 

The younger brother quickly agreed to come down and call people down. 

Song XiaBing's men are not many. 

But it doesn't matter. In fact, he belongs to the open hanging group. Even one person can sweep over there. 

Song Xia Bing is sneering, when Qing came. 

He laughs, a handsome face full of can not hide the pride, fire red tail is also swinging around, is obviously very happy. 

"Do you see that?" 

When Qing naturally sat by the side of Songxia ice, the excited look on his face had not completely faded off, and he was slightly proud of the way "they are praising me."His fiery red tail circled to the youth. 

"You did a good job this time. I reward you to touch it." 

Song Xia Bing looked at him suspiciously, stretched out his hand and touched it gently. 

Because I didn't meet him very much, Shiqing didn't react well, and even gave him a proud smile. 

With this smile, song XiaBing can't help laughing. 

Shi Qing How lovely. 

Ding! Songxia ice platoon repels 50 out of 100 

little brother ran up and just wanted to say he found someone. 

I heard them SongGe saying, "boss, you like their praise. I'll take people out to look for food this afternoon, and I'll let you donate them when I get them back." 

Little brother 

Little brother "..." 

Love is hard for you to understand.





 Song XiaBing proved with practical actions what is called a man in love is very difficult to understand. 

In the next period of time, as he promised Shi Qing before, he searched around for food and then donated it in the name of Shiqing. 

But it doesn't seem to fit the bill. 

To be exact, it is to let those who can't go out to fight zombies for various reasons to build the wall. 

As a result, Shi Qing's reputation in the base suddenly surpassed that of other team leaders. 

Other team leaders "..." 

Irritable, trying to hit people. 

However, they dare not do anything. 

After all, although Shiqing is a level seven, they can still beat. 

But there is a pine summer ice beside him. 

This guy is just like he's on the hook. He who plays level 7 is like a hamster. 

And it's still in the case that he doesn't want to kill people. If song XiaBing wants to kill people, it's estimated that those people will burp their farts in less than a second. 

What else can I do? I can't fight. 

Play and you can't win. 

Even if you compete for fame, you can't play Shiqing. 

At present, the voice of the fire in the whole base is the highest. A group of people headed by song XiaBing almost want to blow him into the unique father in the sky. 

Some old-fashioned and Halal team leaders "..." 

Sure enough, both before and after the end of the world. 

If you have money, you can do whatever you want. 

They can only pretend to be dead. 

However, Songxia Bing seems to like this kind of expansion. 

He gradually found that although Shi Qing liked his appearance of being weak, as a serious man, Shi Qing preferred that he be a strong and domineering man, and weak in front of him. 

Songxiabing is more and more able to master how to let Shiqing feel good all day even if his tail is touched. 

It's really sad to think about it. 

In pursuit of the people you like, you have to use strategies. 

Thanks to song XiaBing's thick skin, he doesn't care about these, otherwise 

His mind immediately came up with a series of caged beauties, foxtail being touched by their own hair blowing scene. 

Songxiabing really wants to do this. 

But he didn't dare. 

When the Qing Dynasty that disposition, said to be good to listen to point is rather for jade broken, said difficult to listen to point is reckless, can not be wronged. 

Song XiaBing had endured so much humiliation before that he forced him not to kill Zhou Xuanxuan. Instead, he held him in the palm of his hand as a hostage and didn't let Shi Qing seek suicide (he thought). 

Even now, the relationship between the two people is almost known to the whole world, but he still can only suppress and not kill his rival. 

I have to watch him wander around the base every day. How can I use a sad word to describe it? I think it's too light. 

Zhou Xuanxuan is trying to move the food in the base. He is very tired and panting 

Again. 

The cold, murderous gaze. 

He doesn't have to look back to know that it must be songxiabing. 

As soon as this guy was there, when he was eating shriveled, his eyes were frightening, as if he wanted to be chopped to death. 

Zhou Xuanxuan was so frustrated. 

They're in love, and they don't care about him!! 

He didn't know how many times he explained to song XiaBing, and Shiqing didn't like him at all. As a result, songxiabing was still focused on looking at him with all kinds of cold eyes. 

If he hadn't recovered his powers now 

Zhou Xuanxuan touched her hair. 

Tell yourself, bear!! 

When his ability is found back, he will immediately set fire to the base, go to other places, and fly far away. Who should take care of this pair of dog men. 

Zhou Xuanxuan was relieved and was about to continue working when he heard someone snorting. 

Zhou Xuanxuan 

What? The voice is so misunderstood. 

He turned his head and saw that it was a member of the Song family. Of course, this man was not a subordinate of song XiaBing, but the one who took the lead in suppressing and killing song XiaBing's subordinates after the end of the world. 

Song XiaBing didn't kill him after he beat down his family. Instead, he took him back to the base and asked him to work hard to let him, who once did not know the hardships of the world, feel the love of songxiabing. 

Of course, other people think that songxiabing will stay to be angry. 

However, Zhou Xuanxuan knows clearly that songxiabing's vengeful nature can not be eradicated. According to his observation, it is the children of several of songxiabing's subordinates who suffered from mental illness. 

At the beginning, those children were sold to other bases by this man. Song XiaBing sent people to look for them. It is estimated that they intend to wait until the children come, and let the children fight enemies together.People in the fire know that this person is their enemy of SongGe, and they don't contact with each other. 

Zhou Xuanxuan took a few curious glances, and saw that the face was full of pain and hatred. 

Tut. 

Now I feel humiliated. 

How could they not be humiliated when they tortured those children. 

He turned his mouth away. 

But there was a question in my heart. 

What was that man doing with his hands covered all the time? And what was the thing he was holding? It looked like the blood had dried black. 

Zhou Xuanxuan has been carrying grain to the warehouse, still thinking about what is going on, thinking about him suddenly flash of light. 

The blood! 

It's a bit like zombie blood. 

Something's wrong!! 

He suddenly opened his eyes and realized that the man was cutting his hand with something with zombie blood. 

Sleeping trough! 

Isn't that a zombie?! 

That man was just clearly on purpose! 

"Not good!" 

Zhou Xuanxuan threw down the things in her hand and ran back. 

Just ran out, saw that person's feet hobbled back grain toward is bragging with younger brother when Qing went. 

"That's not. It's just a mutant animal. I'm just like cutting fruit. I'm finished!" 

Seeing that the man had arrived in front of Shiqing, Zhou Xuanxuan yelled "Song XiaBing!! You stop him 

The young man raised his eyes and looked at the direction of Shiqing. 

At this glance, what I saw was that the man who had been raising his head suddenly raised his head. 

He had black lines on his face, and his eyes were vicious and showed a sense of unconsciousness. At the moment when he was being transformed into a zombie, he quickly reached out his hand and grabbed it toward Shiqing's arm. 

"Dare you 

At that moment, songxiabing's heart almost stopped. 

Almost subconsciously, he used a power to kill the man's hand. 

But it's late. 

When Qing honey beautiful arm, has left a scratch. 

This scratch is shallow, but seems to be the whole row in the bottom of Songxia ice. 

Shi Qing Got zombie virus 

"Shit!" 

Huoting boss also responded. First, he kicked the attacker away with disgust, and then he was stunned to see his infected face. 

Song Xia Bing doesn't know how he got off the stage. 

He just rely on instinct to rush to his lover, a will send Leng man in his arms. 

"It's OK, it's OK, it's going to be OK." 

"Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!" 

Because he has been infected with zombie virus, he can no longer feel the pain. Regardless of his melted hand, he laughs at Song XiaBing's dejected appearance. 

"Pine summer ice!! You go to hell 

"I can't kill you, but I can still kill him, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!!! Don't you like him? I'm going to kill him and let you feel what pain is 

Time Qing "..." 

Even if the man has not yet responded, the foot also first consciously kicked in this person. 

"You son of a bitch!!! If you hate him, you hate him!! What are you doing to kill me?!! Brain damage, you 

This person is ha ha ha's frantic smile, was kicked to fly by time Qing. 

Then it was enveloped in flames. 

As we all know, zombies are afraid of fire. 

Clearly do not feel painful, but why, so painful!! 

He couldn't laugh out. He cried out sadly, awake and dead in the fire. 

Song XiaBing can't hear his voice. 

He only clings to Shi Qing, as if holding his last treasure. 

At this moment, he did not pretend to be Bailian in the past, also did not have the complacency and careful calculation. 

Only full, but also like empty panic. 

"Boss Boss... " 

He called these two most often called words, his eyes seemed to lose all the luster. 

Shiqing had wanted to go up and mend the human shaped object which had been burned into charcoal fire. Now he saw the look of Songxia ice, so it was not good to go up. 

"All right." 

He patted Song Xia Bing, clearly there was a trace of fear on his face, and he was still forced to smile. He squeezed out a smile and said, "I can still enjoy one before I die. It's not wrong." 

Song XiaBing only holds him, silent and silent. 

A little brother carefully stepped forward to "brother song..." 

"Get out of here!" 

In a flash, the sky was covered with black fog.The people in the fire all know that this is the ability of Songxia ice. When they encounter anything, they will melt what they will. They will not care about anything immediately. They will turn their heads and run away. 

For a moment, only two people and Zhou Xuanxuan were left in such a large place. 

"Pine summer ice" in the Qing Dynasty 

He heard the sobbing of the man holding him. 

Shi Qing, am I a little too much 

System yes, host, you're not good. Why did you deliberately let that guy catch me? It just scared me to death. 

"Songxiabing, don't cry. I didn't cry for such a big man. You cried first, and you didn't feel embarrassed." 

Young people do not speak, but still cling to people tightly. 

Zhou Xuanxuan stepped forward carefully. 

"Well, don't cry, I have a way." 

"I told you before!! I was bitten by a zombie. In fact, I was going to die at that time. My master saved me. " 

Songxia ice body a stiff, suddenly raised his head, a pair of blood red eyes staring at him "have a way? What can I do? " 

Zhou Xuanxuan nodded. "There is a way, but there is a price to pay." 

He felt his long hair a little uncomfortable and showed it to the two people. "Don't you always wonder why I'm so nervous about my hair? In fact, this is my master. " 

Song XiaBing "the price is to become hair?" 

Shi Qing frowned, "are you too perfunctory in this setting?" 

Zhou Xuanxuan was embarrassed and said, "No 

"My master, it's actually a mutant vine." 

He said, reaching out and taking off his hair. 

"You see." 

The slightly twisted "hair" is moving, but Shiqing's eyes can't help falling on Zhou Xuanxuan On your head. 

Mom, it's bald. It's like a duck's egg. 

Song XiaBing watched her lover's eyes fall on Zhou Xuanxuan. She was angry and anxious, and almost didn't vomit a mouthful of blood. 

It's time to see Zhou Xuanxuan!!





 Songxia ice in one hand when Qing, heart sad Cang. 

It is said that people will want to see their favorite things or people before they die. He once imagined what he would like to see before he died. It was time Qing. 

But now, Shi Qingdu is arrested by a zombie, and his life is in danger. He is still watching Zhou Xuanxuan. 

Isn't he a little better looking? 

his heart is sour and astringent, and he can't be miserable. He is obviously infected with zombie virus, and his face turns blue and white. However, Shiqing is in good spirits. He turns his head and laughs at Songxia bingga, ha ha ha ha ha, he is bald, ah, my God, I'm so happy It's time for those who are courting him every day to see him 

In this room, flowers bloom in spring. 

Song XiaBing holds Shiqing's hand and kisses the man's forehead gently. "Yes, he looks so ugly. 

Zhou Xuanxuan: "can you please stop being like this, is it my fault that I look good? 

Song XiaBing is gentle to Shi Qing, for fear of scaring his boss. When facing Zhou Xuanxuan, his nose is not nose, eye is not eye. Just ask, "don't talk nonsense. You say, how can I save the boss. 

Zhou Xuanxuan has to pay a price. 

Songxia Bingsi didn't care, just said, "whatever the price, do it quickly. If you don't, it's too late.". 

I'll make a long story short. The price is to absorb your ability to replenish the zombie virus in his body. However, if the ability is exhausted, I don't know what will happen. My master is the mutant vine. After the ability is exhausted, it becomes like this. You are just a human, and it is likely to be sucked dry. 

Shiqing Yanks his eyebrows and "sucks dry? It's not a life for a life? 

it can also be said, so there is a price. You don't have much time, so make a quick decision. 

When the Songxia ice hugged Shiqing, the Houjie rolled up and down for 

seconds, and then decided to "say, what to do. 

It's very simple to use your powers to contact the places where zombies are scratched or bitten. I don't know if you have found out. The master's powers will not do harm to the fox. You just need to give the powers continuously. 

Zhou Xuanxuan said, and took a careful look at Shi Qing, whose face was black. "Don't worry, Shiqing. If his powers are exhausted, he will die, because he gave his powers to you, and you will not die with him." 

This is absolutely useless for the Qing Dynasty. 

After all, he could see clearly how they got along with each other during this period. He always ignored song XiaBing, but song XiaBing was very stubborn. Before the Qing Dynasty, song XiaBing's life was good to him, but it was only because of his Fox's physique that he was worried that song XiaBing would die if he died. 

If song XiaBing decides to save Shi Qing. 

The final result must be that Songxia Bing's ability was exhausted and died, and Shiqing survived without the shackles of his master. 

Although these two people are not good birds, they always want to find a chance to kill song XiaBing. Zhou Xuanxuan still wants Shiqing to survive. 

After all, if Shiqing is dead. 

Song XiaBing, who took him for life, is not crazy. We'll all be finished by then. 

He felt sure that Shi Qing would agree. 

And pine summer ice rate is probably not willing to refuse when Qing. 

Although this man is an old man, he is very vicious. 

But to Shi Qing, he is really devoted to love, he can't watch his favorite people die. 

He expected to look at Shi Qing, but the man frowned and pushed song XiaBing away. "I want his life for Laozi's life? I don't owe him all the time? Laozi doesn't 

Zhou Xuanxuan:" what are you doing? 

why hasn't songxiabing said anything yet? Why didn't Shiqing play according to common sense? 

didn't Shiqing always hate songxiabing? 

didn't she always hate songxiabing Didn't he cherish his life so much? 

now he has a good chance to get rid of songxiabing and get freedom and life. 

songxiabing is pushed and leans slightly to the side along the strength. His beautiful eyes are always staring at the angry man with eyelids 

he suddenly smiles, "boss, don't you always hate me? I hate you, hate me I force you, you are clearly the top of the fire boss, in the evening, but also forced by me. 

Now is a good opportunity 

Song XiaBing pushed his face against the time and held him, and his low and pleasant voice fell on the man's ear. I die for you. You can remember me, and you don't have to worry about not getting rid of me. This is a good opportunity. Why don't you want to? 

get out of the way! "

Shiqing still insists on pushing him away and stands up in a manic way Come on, it's clear that walking is shaking, but insist on not loosening Xia Bing's help. Is Laozi afraid of death? Am I afraid of death? I will die after death. Eighteen years later, I will be a hero again. Who will owe you this God and human kindness.Looking at him, the young man's eyes became more and more bright, as if crying, and full of satisfaction 

you like me. 

He said definitely, "you like me 

nbs Fart! 

you are a man, and I am a man too. I just like a pig and I won't like you, so get out of here! 

Song XiaBing's eyes are red, but his lips are full of satisfaction. He comes forward and grabs Shi Qing's arm and carefully 

boss, if you don't like me, why do you want to drive me away? You didn't say that you were because I was charming and lonely Can't the master kill me? Now you're dying. Only I can save you. 

Laozi wants to die quietly alone? The man is very irritable and impatiently tries to get rid of his hand. 

However, Songxia Bing grabs Yu's arm fiercely, and the power falls on the wound. Just a warm, the wound inhaled those powers 

the fire boss's eyes showed a flurry, almost frantically wanted to shake loose Xia Bing's hand. "You let me go, who wants you to save me, especially to live and be crushed by you, it's better to die happily 

but his strength, how can he loose Xia Bing too much. 

The young man only clings to him, the tail of his eyes is slightly red, and his beautiful face is beautiful because the red tail of his eyes is a little more beautiful, shining his eyes and looking at the time clearly. 

I love you. 

Boss, I'm going to die. I'm really going to die, can you? Before I die, say you love me and like me? "I'm a lunatic. 

Zhou Xuanxuan is blind. You pull him apart 

Zhou Xuanxuan holds Teng man in his hand and hides carefully. He laughs and laughs," boss, he wants to die, you let him die. No one forces him to live All right 

When Qingqi almost did not kick in the past. 

Pian Zhou Xuanxuan is holding Teng man's flattering smile boss. While you are free now, why don't you tell me the story of my master and me? It was a dark night with high wind. I met my master. At that time, it was a relatively large vine, about ten stories high. It saw my tail. Although it had no eyes, it did see it, so Its powers don't work for me. 

Then! I found out this, so I lived in my master. Every day, I ate its fruit, drank the dew on its leaves, and built a tree house. I could feel that it always hated me. I wanted to drive me away, but because the power didn't work for me, I didn't succeed. One day, I saved a human, and he was bitten by a zombie, but he didn't tell me I was bitten. 

The critical moment! It has always hated me. It saved me. When I saw it from so high to so small, I swore that in my life, I was his person, and my death was his dead. Even if it didn't creak, nor had eyes, nose and mouth, and even the male and female didn't know, I didn't dislike it. 

After Bi Bi Bi finished the topic that they didn't want to hear, Zhou Xuanxuan looked at this pair of straight disdain in front of her, and kept shouting that she wanted to get rid of others. At the moment, she was not willing to give her life to save her own life. "One of them was biting her teeth to save her. 

Suddenly I realized something and kicked my eyes. 

Don't you like me and my master?! 

my master has always hated me, but he sacrificed himself to save me at the last moment. Shiqing, you have always hated rejecting Songxia Bingguo and refused to let him sacrifice himself to save you when he was dying. 

You. It turns out that you are 

he has a kind of "my mother, the lion is shocked to fall in love with the shark. She trembles with her slender fingers and points to them like Parkinson's. 

are you two lovers?! 

song XiaBing, who is biting his teeth and exporting powers, looks at Zhou Xuanxuan. 

At this glance, I was more friendly than ever before. 

And the fire boss, is a pair of gas explosion appearance. 

I don't want to betray this kind of human relationship. 

Zhou Xuanxuan "but if you don't let him save you, you'll die. What else is there? It's called ghost love. 

Shi Qing:... 

he took a deep breath, raised his eyes and looked at Song XiaBing, gnashing his teeth. "He drove him away. Song XiaBing immediately looked at Zhou Xuanxuan. 

Zhou Xuanxuan: "come on, I've withdrawn 

it seems that it's not suitable to stay here for a long time. He wanted to hold Shi Qing's thigh after his ability recovered. As a result, now he even pine summer ice, two love each other. 

Isn't he the same as instigating his lover to commit suicide. 

Well, since you don't want him to die, I just lied. Shiqing, if you don't want song XiaBing to die, you'll lose your powers. After that, you may disappear for a while, just like I am, but both of you can survive and slip away. Songxia Bing is only stable towards Shiqing, and has her own power input on the wound. 

See a man's angry face raised his hand, he slightly raised the corner of his mouth, "boss, you saved me, this life can't get rid of me, I will feel you like me.How many times have you told you so much nonsense? I'm a straight man, but I don't want to owe you any favor. " Huoting Lao swears on his big mouth, but on his hand, he outputs the power directly to Songxia Bing. 

Songxia looked at him with bright eyes and a smile of joy and softness. Ding! Songxia ice cream repulsion degree 0 out of 100 

Yes, I know, the boss is a straight man. 

But, this straight man, finally also liked him.





 When Qing can feel, with the passage of time, the zombie virus in his body is crazy. 

After counting the time, he started to ask system tong'er to clean up the zombie virus in my body. 

The system started working immediately. 

When the work is finished, it will go back, and Shi Qing stops you. Did you forget to ask me for points to buy props? The system is right! 

I'm so worried about the host that I forgot to ask for points. 

Please go to the account and get it yourself. Don't show up in the next few days. I want to have some kind and friendly communication with my family, Songsong 

the system runs away. 

Song XiaBing is trying to send out the power. Suddenly, he realizes that his wound is healing at a speed visible to the naked eye. When Qingqing's face turns to the original skin color, he is relieved, but he still can't rest assured to continue to input the power. 

But he was slapped away impatiently by the man. "OK, I'm ok. 

I'll tell you again, I didn't let you lose the ability just now. I didn't like you or fell in love with you, or regarded you as a brother. Do you know that? 

the push was not hard. Song XiaBing wondered why his power was still there, and he was still positive Often. 

Being pushed like this, the eye sign narrowed slightly and naturally fell to the ground along the strength of Shiqing. 

He also uttered a rather fragile exclamation, "ah 

he was lying on the ground, coughing a few times, his face was full of weakness, peach blossom eyes with red eye tail, sad and pitiful looking back at Shiqing. Boss, I feel so bad, I have no strength at all Oh, my chest hurts. 

The man's look was really nervous. 

"Are you ok? Can't you really disable the ability? I feel songxiabing full of power all over his body. His face is full of pain, and there are several coughs. 

"I can't feel my powers anymore, boss. You may really It sucked me dry Anyone can see that he is very weak. 

Shi Qing's heart is clear, ha ha, this clever guy. 

He is not a fox physique. Zombie virus is eliminated by the system. Songjiabing's ability is still there, and he still has a good look. 

He was very cooperative and shocked on his face. 

me! Can't I? Zhou Xuanxuan said that my powers would be gone, too? Now my abilities are still there, why are yours gone? 

cough and cough 

Song XiaBing doesn't know. 

But that doesn't stop him from saying, "maybe Maybe just now, I feel the wound is healing. I'm afraid your powers are gone, so I output more powers. 

The implication is that he sacrificed his power to save Shi Qing. 

Zhou Xuanxuan is not here now. He talks nonsense and nobody can tell. 

Cough, cough, boss, my chest hurts. I have no strength. I feel terrible. 

Song XiaBing is trying very hard to interpret these four words in the end, covering his chest and coughing. 

As expected, boss huoting showed guilt on his face, and then carefully patted him on the back without knowing what to do. 

well, then, why don't I go to the doctor? Didn't Zhou Xuanxuan say that he just sucked some powers? His noodle master is still alive, and you are sure to be OK. 

No, don't 

Song XiaBing stretched out his hand powerlessly, grasped Shi Qing's hand, and then made a few dry coughs. "Boss, I offended a lot of people in order to collect food. The reason why our huoting is safe is not only because of you, but also because of my high level of power. Now if we let others know that my power is gone, our fire is over. 

He said on purpose that we were busy. When we were in a hurry, Qing didn't look as afraid that he would take away the fire. He yelled that Laozi's fire and food were Laozi's There is only one life for you. 

At this moment, Songxia Bing wanted to set off firecrackers. 

Finally 

finally 

finally 

he finally heard from Shi Qingkou that food was more important than him. At the bottom of his heart, songxiabing felt that he had never felt comfortable. 

I wish I could fight for three or four days with Shiqing. 

But looking at the man this rare attention is on his body, is not what impatient look, he still tried to suppress the impulse to jump and fall up and hold people to enter the room, only his fingers soft clenched Shiqing's hand. 

Especially weak said "boss, you carry me into the house, but no power, I have nothing." 

When counting and nodding, a princess picked up the person. 

Thanks to Songxia Bing, regardless of these, she naturally put her head in the man's arms after she was held up. From the angle that she couldn't see at that time, she was fascinated by the scent of fox on her body.At the moment, being held by a man, his heart finally settled down. 

It's his time. 

His Shi Qing entered the house with a man in his arms. 

He checked songxiabing's body again, but he was relieved when he didn't see any wound. 

songxiabing lay on the bed powerless, but his eyes were watching as the man was anxious to come down and follow the explosion of fire. His red tail was slender and his fingers were ready to move. He couldn't help but lift up the hairy hair. 

The man who was making the quilt let out a cry of surprise. He turned to look at songxiabing. His honey skin was red because of his body factors. 

What do you do? 

looking at him, song XiaBing looked at him with his tail clamped behind him. 

Now it's not only the hands that are ready to move, but also the itching in the heart. 

"cough. 

Pretending to cough twice, he said, "boss, I didn't mean to, I just thought, after I don't have the ability, can't touch the boss's tail any more, I feel sick in my heart." 

The look on the man's face gradually became uneasy, and gave him a vicious look. "Your powers are gone. It's not hard to think how to live without your powers, but you still feel bad about this kind of thing." 

It's nothing. I know you will take care of me, even if you don't, it doesn't matter. I know that you always hate me. Now I don't have any powers, and I can't threaten you like before. You can look for a mutant plant like what I said before, so that I can immerse myself in fantasy all my life, and it won't affect you. 

The one who said this was a lament. 

But the Song Xia Bing's face is full of calm, a pair of "it doesn't matter, I can die at any time". 

Even if this is how hard hearted people will be soft hearted. 

What's more, he has already stopped hating him. 

The man sat by the bed swearing, and while the thick foot of the blanket, he scolded angrily, "who do you think of me? How can you say that your powers are not for me? If I do something to you at this time, it will not be Cheng en's revenge. 

"What am I going to do when I do this kind of immoral thing?" 

Song XiaBing's eyes are full of moving, nodding. "Boss, you don't dislike me. 

Why do I dislike you? Tut, don't you make such an expression? I'm so tired of it. Close your eyes for me. 

when song XiaBing was so fierce, he didn't miss the embarrassment in Shiqing's eyes. 

he was so happy that he quickly beat Ti while he was hot Grinding is like pumping. 

"I want to touch your tail. 

When song XiaBing finished this sentence, he was surprised by his face and quickly added that he was pitifully tearful. 

since I was a child, I have been despised and humiliated by others. I have never lived peacefully. Only when I touch your tail, can I feel at ease. 

Now I feel very uncomfortable. I really feel like I want to touch your tail. Although I feel sick, at least I feel better. 

Sure enough, as he said these words, Shiqing's face gradually softened. 

A man has always been straightforward. Since he has decided to have him, he did not mince his tail. Instead, he simply agreed to come down. 

OK, let's see that you saved my life today. 

With that, he quickly turned around and handed the red tail bus to the youth. Songxia Bing soft weak nodded, stretched out his hand, gently touched a few times. 

The force of his touch is very light. When he touches it carefully, it itches very much 

he raises his eyebrows and flicks his tail slightly. "What are you doing? Are you touching or lighting your tail. 

I don't have the strength. 

Song Xia Bing stretched his voice and said, "boss, I'm going to touch it.". 

Well, you can touch it Well! 

then came the young man's insincere apology: "sorry, boss. I can't help rubbing it. 

"It's OK. Are you feeling better now. 

It's better, but I'm still sick. Can I touch your tail root? 

boss, your tail root is very nice to touch, and the special soft hair is also small. 

Boss, are you sweating? Can I help you wash your clothes? 

are you too tired to talk, boss? Oh, boss, I'm lying on you by accident, don't you mind? 

boss, can I do it? 

this time, songxiabing is very patient, and has been enduring waiting for an answer. The sweating man opened his eyes and gave him a push. 

How can your mother's work always be so ink? Hurry up! 

in the next few days, the angry boys didn't see their elder brother and SongGe. However, I heard that they were healing each other in a special way. After all, they still called rice to eatAfter a few days, they finally came out. 

But strange is, why said to heal is SongGe, but the people who limp is their boss.





 Shiqing has been having a good time recently. 

Song Xia Bing thoroughly understood what it means to be shameless and invincible. 

This man is so shameless that he pretends that he has lost all his power. Every day he feels pain here and there. Only when the eldest brother kisses him can he not hurt. 

now his most common saying is that I just touch my tail and do nothing else. 

As for whether the throat was dry, it could be seen from his more and more proud look. 

Angry people recently feel that SongGe's temper is better than before, not a little bit. 

It is even more sticky than before. Every day, it is necessary to lie on the boss or rely on him. 

But it's their business, and they can't manage it. 

In the end, there is no airtight thing in the world, and song XiaBing is not covered up in the fire. Soon, the highest power of the fire has lost his power. This incident let some people know that 

they are happy 

they are proud 

they join hands to come together. Then he was beaten to death by song XiaBing. 

Shi Qing was directly promoted to the position of base leader. 

Then, before the angry people could be happy, they saw their boss with a Stinky Face and song XiaBing on his shoulder and walked into the room. 

After a few days, Shi Qing appeared in the sight of the public again. 

After Shi Qing became the leader of the base, song XiaBing didn't do what he used to do when he liked to do it or not to do it if he didn't like it. 

is this the base? 

No, this is the territory of Shiqing's family 

he was sure to guard the 

therefore, song XiaBing began to clear away the zombies and mutant animals and plants around the base. He was just like an evil spirit, killing everywhere he went. 

The zombies don't know, but they go forward to die. 

Those mutant zombies and plants all have brains, but those with high-level and a little thinking are running faster than others 

however, they all run so far. Song XiaBing, the evil spirit, still refuses to let him go because he is expanding the territory of Shiqing in his home 

finally, the reputation of songxiabing has reached all over the country Hou, a mutant plant in front of him, in order to save his life, hard to write a string of ghost symbols with its branches. 

After the team members are very hard to identify, and finally excitedly told song XiaBing. 

SongGe! This mutant plant says that it can secrete supernatural mucus, which melts into the water and makes people eat it, so they don't have to worry about being infected by zombies any more. 

Song XiaBing frowned and looked at the ghost amulet and asked the team members stationed here: "the characters are so ugly that you can recognize them? Team members ha ha ha ha." I only knew about the original mutant plant this year It's still conscious, but mutant kisses can't speak. They can only communicate by writing. They can't be recognized by anyone. 

But some time ago, a power man came here. He could use the words of mutant plants. He received five fifth level nuclei and taught me. Songxia Bing takes the mucus of the mutant plant and plans to go back to the experiment. By the way, he follows the team mate stationed here to find the power who is said to be able to mutate plant characters. 

Then he saw Zhou Xuanxuan. 

Song XiaBing recalled that Shi Qing had said "I don't know where Zhou Xuanxuan went" eight times in the past few years. His gaze at Zhou Xuanxuan was suddenly full of pressure. 

Zhou Xuanxuan "

My God, how can you see this evil spirit when you are here. 

But in the face of song XiaBing, who is full of "you're so alive, he still tries to squeeze out a smile." that, SongGe, what a coincidence 

Song XiaBing nods "is a coincidence. 

He gave Zhou Xuanxuan an angry look. "Here are five sixth order nuclei. Let's talk to a mutant plant. Zhou Xuanxuan wiped the sweat on her head. 

It should be It's not to kill him, is it? 

he looks over with trembling eyes and touches his hair. 

The hair got up slowly and came to the mutant plant. 

Then he went back to Zhou Xuanxuan. 

Zhou Xuanxuan seemed to be listening to something in Ling, then nodded, beaming at Songxia Bing and saying, "brother song, your team member is right. The mucus from this mutant plant can be used as a vaccine. Before, a human was bitten by a zombie and came into the forest and drank the mucus from it. 

In this way, the end of the world can be over. Great. 

Song XiaBing frowned at him and said, "can you hear this vine talking? 

Yes, although it is not very talkative, just like a child, it can hear it clearly now. 

Zhou Xuanxuan touched her hair and guessed, "I guess it may be the telepathy between the fox and its owner? I can't hear his mutant plant talking. Didn't you and the boss hear him, brother song?"He also wanted to say more, suddenly found that song XiaBing's face darkened and then shut his mouth. 

That, that, this is just my guess, not necessarily true. Songxiabing 

Shiqing never told him that he could be heard. 

Why? 

is it that Jin Qing doesn't like him enough. 

He looked at the vine jealously and sombrely, and his heart ached. 

A vine, more than his own charm fox like. 

Zhou Xuanxuan guarded his vines with vigilance. He thought song XiaBing was going to do something, but he didn't say anything or do anything. Zhou Xuanxuan turned around with a sullen face and walked away.?? 

he was very curious, but he didn't dare to show his head. He didn't go to ask the team member until he heard that song XiaBing was gone. The team members also scratch their heads. "Our SongGe seems to have said a word. 

Zhou Xuanxuan "what? Tell me quickly! 

he said that love is made, and then he left. He didn't even fight the mutant animals. I don't know what it means. Brother Zhou, do you know what it means? 

Zhou Xuanxuan 

I'm sorry for you! 

Shiqing in the base welcomed the passionate songxiabing. 

He swears on the surface, but he's very happy at the bottom of his heart. 

Zhou Xuanxuan is a promising boy. Give him a compliment. 

In the third year when Shi Qing took charge of the base, the base launched the zombie vaccine 

in the fifth year; the zombies were declared extinct, and human beings signed peace contracts with the mutant animals and plants. 

If you don't sign, you can't do it. If you don't sign, you'll have to die. You're a fool. 

At this time, taking "you have no telepathy with me" as a handle, he and his happy song XiaBing received a letter from Zhou Xuanxuan 

it said that he had made it clear that the telepathy was not between magic Fox and its master, but his master's second ability was to communicate with others, but his master had not before It's just awareness. 

Song XiaBing finished watching it and was happy for a while. 

Then the chicken thief looked around and destroyed the letter with his power. 

Then I ran to find the man in the meeting. After waiting patiently for Shi Qing to come out, he lay down on Shi Qing's shoulder with a face of grievance. 

"boss, you didn't have telepathy with me today, didn't you? I'm so sad. I'm really sad. We went to the hot spring and you comforted me. It was not until Zhou Xuanxuan returned to the base to exchange materials that his lie was exposed in the chat with Shi Qing 

Song XiaBing is thick skinned and fearless. 

And it's beautiful. 

In the sixth year, everyone declared the end of the year. 

Shi Qing did not hold the position of president. 

He is not interested in these, nor is songxiabing. He is only interested in Shiqing. After the end of the end of their lives, they went to play happily and wantonly until they died together. 

But because no one knows where they are going, and naturally no one knows where their bodies are. 

However, Zhou Xuanxuan cried several times after knowing the news. 

He didn't know whether he was happy or sad. 

It may be both 

it's hard to feel uncomfortable. These two people have friendship with him somehow. 

Happy is happy that the only two people in the world who have seen him bald are dead. 

No one knows that he, Zhou Xuanxuan, is actually a bald man, crying. His master climbed down from the top of his head, wheezing and sticking to his skin. 

Zhou Xuanxuan Can you not? 

Teng man pretends to be stupid and doesn't speak. 

Zhou Xuanxuan " That's OK, but you can't use more than one vine. You can use one. 

The vine continued to play silly. 

Zhou Xuanxuan " ok 

Forget it. Who told him to apologize to his master. 

Well, a mutant plant as high as a building can only turn into hair and lie on his head every day. It's pathetic to think about it. Why did you go so early. 

Oh, no, this guy is more than 100 years old. It seems that he is not very early. Let's change the word to cry. 

Shi Qing, Song Xia Bing Bah! He doesn't cry. It's obvious that I am a vine. 

Although I am a little taller and stronger, my daily life is to bask in the sun and see the scenery. Until a human suddenly broke into my world. 

I don't know how he looks. Anyway, he has two arms and two legs. He also likes Bili's words. I don't know why I want to drive him away, but my strength has no effect on him. 

So I can only angry to see this human in my body to live down.He ate my leaves and dressed me. 

I hate 

one day, this human is going to die. 

I couldn't be happy. I wanted to set off the legendary firecrackers to celebrate. Then I thought, since this human is dying, can my powers be used on him? 

I used the power. 

I don't know why. My powers are sucked away. 

And then the human was fine again. 

I was even more angry. Later, human beings took me away. He put me on him and talked to me every day. At the beginning, I disliked him and became more and more used to him. 

I think I'm starting to like him. 

Even if my powers recovered later, I didn't want to get off his head. 

I began to enjoy playing games with him. 

He always said he didn't like it, and then he called like it. Well, it's hard for human beings to understand. 

Ding! The task is completed; please select 1 to continue the task, 2, vacation 

Shiqing 11111 

he opened his eyes and looked at the surrounding environment.





 It's the immortal world again. 

Br > when the emperor of zongzongzong, who was sitting at the bottom of the tree, asked: "the man who was sitting at the bottom of the tree, the man who was sitting at the bottom of the tree asked me to come back. 

"Well done, go down. 

Shiqing waved and watched the man go down. 

Among a group of disciples in black standing at the bottom, one of them stood out with hesitation and knelt down: "patriarch, we directly arrested the legitimate children of the major sects of the Xiuzhen world. Are some of them too offensive to others? 

" what are they afraid of? They don't know that it was our iron bone sect who did it. 

What's more, I just invited these disciples as guests and didn't do anything else. How could I offend them It's that they're not in a dungeon 

Is being locked up in a dungeon offend them? I didn't beat them or scold them. I just kept them in the dungeon so that we could visit them. 

he was very reasonable and said: "if they didn't always want to escape, and they didn't know how many times they ran, how could I have them put in the dungeon? It's all because they are not obedient and disobedient. ”

"by the way, now you come to ask me what these words mean? You are a member of iron bone sect, and you are not as obedient and obedient as those disciples, are you? 

Shi Qing swore that when he said this sentence, he was absolutely smiling. 

That is to say, clearly he had such a good attitude, but the disciple at the bottom still turned pale, as if he was about to die, and kowtowed wildly there. 

The disciple is a master of iron bone. He is absolutely devoted to the master. Please spare your life! The master is burning his life. 

The disciple was even more frightened and trembled. Now he did not dare to ask for mercy. 

Why do you look like this? We Tiegu sect is a well-known and decent sect, but not a heresy. You are our Tiegu sect's disciple. Is there anything else I can do to you? 

when Shi Qing finished his words, the disciple nodded quickly: "yes, yes! 

seeing that he was almost frightened, the other disciples were afraid to speak any more Shi Qing waved again: "three days in confinement. 

At first, the disciple couldn't believe that he had escaped a small life, and then he was so excited that even if he was carried, he had to express his thanks to him. 

now, no one dares to have any objection to Shi Qing's sending people to capture those disciples back. 

It's not that Shi Qing is so powerful that he can deter them. In fact, his body has not many spiritual roots, nor can he practice like a normal practitioner. 

But who let him have a good father. 

The last patriarch of the iron bone sect has just died for five days. 

Before he died: he left all his puppets to his son. 

Although these puppets look like human beings, they are not really human beings. In fact, the iron bone sect was founded only 500 years ago. It was founded by his father in the Qing Dynasty. Speaking of it, his father was also a powerful figure. There were all kinds of cultivation methods in the cultivation world. His father didn't choose anything, but chose to be a puppet. 

The puppet was made from iron, famous spirit stone and fragmentary good materials. 

The disadvantage of one is that one's energy is limited. 

For example, Shi Qing's father was able to control more than 100 puppets, but Shi Qing was not. Although he was raised as a child with panacea in winter, he was actually a mortal and could only control three puppets at most. 

so his father had a thousand important events. He melted all his puppets and gave his son three puppets before he lost his birthday A puppet in a transitional period. 

Everyone knows that crossing the heist period is the highest accomplishment in the Xiuzhen world, and the people who go up again are all soaring up 

his father got these three puppets for his son, which means that even if he was just an ordinary person, he could still leave in the Xiuzhen world. As long as he doesn't die. 

However: in the original plot, the son is really dead 

the main character in the original plot is Gu qiushu, the second generation disciple of tianyanzong, who was just asked by Shi Qing. Gu qiushu is a natural spirit root. According to the excellent, the cultivation world has never had an extraordinary talent for thousands of years. His senior brother, the master of tianyanzong, takes over the Apprenticeship of the master who has been promoted and makes him his commander-in-chief Younger brother, the second generation disciple of tianyanzong 

he grew up in tianyanzong. He has been practicing since childhood. Now he has been distracted and cultivated. However, he is only 25 years old. Most people at this age still build foundations. Even if he gets the golden elixir, he will be praised as a genius. 

it can be seen that Gu qiushu is a good critic. 

According to the common sense, the protagonist must not always be smooth sailing, otherwise what does the author writeSo the villains came out. 

It was Shi Qing's body that the new patriarch of the iron bone sect was found to have no spiritual roots from birth and could not practice. Even if his father was the patriarch of the iron bone sect, he was very deterrent in the whole cultivation world: he could not let his children set foot on the path of cultivating immortals. 

It would have been nice to keep them well. As a result, before the child died of old age, his own Shouyuan arrived first. 

his father had no choice but to leave three puppets in the period of robbery before he died. Thinking that with these three puppets, his son would always be safe and secure all his life. 

Results: the original Lord can die! 

he was not willing to be a mortal in his life, and died after living for 100 years, so he thought of a good way. 

He decided to take people with pure spiritual roots and experiment to transplant spiritual roots into their own bodies. However, no one has ever used this method, and naturally there is no way to ensure safety. 

In order to be safe, the original master sent his puppets to take advantage of the direct disciples of the major sects when they entered a secret place. 

And also special location name, male customer Qiu Shu must bring back. 

Everyone knows that Gu qiushu's spiritual root is the heavenly root, which is the best cultivation seedling. 

The original owner naturally wanted to take care of the spiritual roots of qiushu. 

As a result, the gang were locked in the dungeon of the iron bone sect. The original master arranged for people to start experiments. When the disciples were deprived of their spiritual roots and died miserably, Gu Qiucun advanced under such circumstances when the experiments failed again and again. 

He broke through the shackles, but because of the three puppets, he only had time to take away two living disciples. 

At that time: other sects of the Xiuzhen world also found clues and began to encircle the iron bone sect. It was at this time that the original master succeeded in changing the spirit root and fled with the puppet: watching them destroy the iron bone sect and leave here. 

After that, Gu qiushu has been fighting against Gu qiushu for a long time. Finally, at the end of the day, Gu qiushu killed the three puppets and killed the original owner himself. As a result, the small world has become a whole. 

Gu qiushu was caught in the dungeon because he was used by puppets directly when he was caught. Medicine, he is not resistant to drugs, he was directly addicted to fantasy, died in it. 

When Shiqing came, he had received the news that the children had been caught and only Gu qiushu was still running. 

He specially sent someone to send a message, let's not use the overpowering drug, directly hit the dizziness and take it away. That is to say, they don't need to be covered up like the previous orders. They are iron bone people. 

But there is no need to cover up Gu qiushu. 

Although Gu qiushu has never been down the mountain in zongmen, he has nothing to guard against in all kinds of unorthodox Yu Duan, but he himself is very smart: as long as those who fight during the robbery period, he can guess that this is the work of iron bone sect. 

After all, the original Lord sent two people to the hijacking period, but there were only a few of them in the Quan Xiuzhen world. Even if they would really get together, they would not use such dirty means to catch the younger generation 

now we have avoided Gu qiushu's death, and it is time to see the degree of exclusion 

Shi Qing: "Tongtong? 

the system is very thick skinned. After all, there has been so many worlds, there is no one at all At the beginning, the world's rejection was below 100. It's very skillful: "Ding! Gu qiushu's rejection: 100 out of 100. 

This product still has the face to report: "congratulations to the host, congratulations on the host, it's only one hundred!! 

Shi Qingha: [Xiaotong, you've been following me for a long time now, but you haven't practiced anything else, your face is getting thicker and thicker. ] 

System: [. ] 

OK, well, I didn't say that this is a bad thing, but you are right. It seems that Gu qiushu is really a pure good-natured person, and he doesn't hold grudges at all. ] 

Shi qingpai clapped his hands and stood up from his position as the patriarch: "since these disciples have come to our iron bone sect voluntarily, of course we should go and have a look. Let's go and have a look with me. 

The disciples of the iron bone sect 

although the new patriarch took office for a short time, they already had a bad feeling in their hearts. 

After all, we are all true, such as Shiqing so cheeky really rare. 

The party swaggered to the dungeon. 

As soon as I went in, I heard someone talking in it 

who are you? Why do you want to catch me! 

there are more confident words. One listen is a second generation Xiu: "do you dare to catch me?!! Do you know who I am? Do you know who my father is! Do you know who my grandfather and my great grandfather are? 

when you listen to the voice of this Zhang, you will be happy and go straight forward Then came a sentence: "who is it? Tell me. If I am happy, I will change a big bed room for you. 

The disciples all stood up and looked at them with vigilance. 

after seeing the clothes on them, some disciples exclaimed: "iron bone sect?!! 

" it's really the iron bone clan, what do you want us to do!!Catch you?! 

Shi Qing laughs: "you kids are talking nonsense. It's clear that you are the guests of iron bone clan." 

"We're guests? You're just talking nonsense! We've been arrested clearly!! 

that's what we've been arrested! 

Shiqing turns a deaf ear, claps his hands, and waits for his subordinates to move to the chair, sit on it, and raise his chin at these people:" you all admire my master's medical skills, and voluntarily come to my master to help you clean up your hidden injuries.



Arc 12: Xianxia Sect Master

 As soon as Shi Qing said this, not only the young monks in the dungeon were stunned, but even the disciples of the iron bone sect were confused. When would they be able to cure? 

look at you, you are also the immortal sect of the right path. With so many hidden injuries in your body, can't even a pharmacist in your clan afford to keep? The disciples standing in the dungeon are alert and confused Look at Shi Qing. 

After looking at each other for a few eyes, the last one came out dressed in white, saluted politely, and then asked, "dare to ask the Lord, what's the medicine 

" yes, I've traveled around the world, why have I never heard of the name of a pharmacist? 

is it a doctor? 

"or is the name of the iron bone sect different from ours? 

the disciples of the Xianmen sect have a lot of discussions, Confused. 

The disciples of the iron bone sect don't know what it is. 

But they did not dare to say anything, they had to bow their heads and pretend to be dead. 

Looking at these, Shi Qing soon forgot that he was locked up in the dungeon. Instead, he began to discuss what was the medicine master's disciples of the immortal sect. He deeply felt that they were all the lineages of the major sect. 

All of them had no lack of food and drink since childhood. They practiced fairy arts every day. Occasionally, they went down the mountain to fight for justice, and then entered the secret place. 

All of them have been developed into silly white sweet. 

"Is Gu qiushu like them?" he asked the tieguzong disciple, who was afraid to give out even the atmosphere. "Is that Gu qiushu like them? 

the tieguzong disciple did not know what Shi Qing was asking, so he could only consider and reply," that one is not as talkative as they are. Since he was locked in, he has been sitting on the ground and has never opened his mouth. 

I just don't like to talk. It doesn't matter. I just like to say it. 

When the disciple who had just spoken heard what they said, his eyes brightened, and he quickly walked forward. "Shizong, are you also here? Since Shizong has no malice, can you let uncle and I wait together? 

Shi Qing glanced at him up and down. 

The people of Xianmen are very good looking, and this disciple is also a good-looking student, with a steady and naive face. But naivety is also normal. Look at the disciples behind him, which is not more naive than him. 

Are you from tianyanzong? Since your name is martial uncle Gu qiushu, you are a disciple of three generations? 

the young monk quickly saluted with his fists. "In the next tianyanzong's third generation disciple, Lin Zeng Lin Xingzhi. 

When he reported his family, he raised his head and said, "since the master of Shizong had no malice, could you let us out? Shiqing ignored him and asked the disciple of Tiegu sect," which dungeon is Gu qiushu in? 

"tianzihao dungeon. 

"Gu qiushu was in the period of distraction, so he was locked up in the tianzihao dungeon. 

"Let this Lin Xingzhi come out and go to tianzihao with us. Don't he want to see his martial uncle? Then let him 

Lin Xingzhi's face brightened, and he quickly gave a thank you and was taken out at the door. 

Other tianyanzong disciples in the dungeon saw that he was taken out, and his face suddenly showed a panic color, "elder martial brother. 

"Big brother." 

Don't call, don't make it look like I'm going to do something to your elder martial brother. 

Shi Qing sat on his special chair and asked them with a smile, "do you really know what pharmacists are? Are they all from famous schools? 

the young friars looked at each other one by one, or could not find them in their memory, so they could only salute one after another with fists and salutes:" we don't know, but we hope the Lord Shi can solve his doubts. " 

When Qing sighs, a face of helplessness. 

"Well, since you don't know, my Lord will do a good job in popularizing science for you. 

Pharmacists are masters of medicine. They can distinguish thousands of elixirs and poisons, and can drive animals and birds. To practice, pharmacists do not need mental strength. As long as they heal others, they can increase realm extravagance. 

Yao Shuai's state is great. He can turn the clouds over the rain, cure friars of Sandan, and even help others resist the thunder. This makes him a pharmacist. After Shi Qing's short speech, the disciples opened their eyes one by one to resist the thunder. 

Oh, my God, there are such capable practitioners in the world. 

Master Shi, I don't know why the word "pharmacist" has never been mentioned to us. When I was in the sect, I searched all the books in the clan, but I never saw any ancient books mentioned it. 

Shi Qing sighed a long sigh again. The delicate and beautiful face that had been carefully preserved by various miraculous medicines since childhood was full of melancholy. 

You don't know. It's normal. 

His appearance made all the students in it curious. 

Looking at the look of the patriarch of the iron bone sect, does the pharmacist have any allusions? 

was it in ancient times? Or was it lost after the Xiuzhen world split up 30 thousand years ago? 

or was it love and hate, love and resentment entanglement? 

just when people were thinking about it, the lazy young man sitting in the luxurious chair then opened his mouth You don't know about it yet. Xianmen disciplesThe disciples of the iron bone sect: "after the formation was speechless, Lin Xingzhi could not help asking," master Shi "Since my father was able to create the iron bone sect and puppet Dao, as his son, I also created the pharmacist way. Isn't it a normal thing?" Lin Xingzhi gently reminded him, "but master Shi, you don't have spiritual roots 

"Can't you practice without spiritual roots?" 

when hearing this question, a disciple in the dungeon answered, "everyone knows that only those with spiritual roots can embark on the path of cultivation." 

That's right. 

When counting and nodding: "so the pharmacist path I created can be repaired without spiritual roots. Is there a problem?" 

everyone:... 

this is not a question of whether there is a problem. 

It is a problem of no spiritual roots. 

If there is no spiritual root, you can't store spiritual power in your body. If you can't store spiritual power, you can't set foot on the road of practice, and you can't practice Qi. 

in this way, your accomplishments will not increase and your life will stagnate. 

Now tell them that they can practice without spiritual roots. Anyway, they won't believe it. 

Shi Qing looked at their expressions and squinted slightly. "You don't believe my lord? 

plop 

the iron bone sect disciple who was just standing could not help kneeling when he heard this tone. 

I believe in what the master said, and the disciples naturally believe it. 

Shi Qing looks at Lin Xingzhi standing beside him and says, "Xiao Lin, what about you? 

Lin Xingzhi is a little cocky and decides to insist on himself. I've never heard of the story of" Shizong, I'm afraid 

Come on, get it. 

"Send people in, don't see Gu qiushu. 

Lin Xingzhi "... 

seeing that the disciples of the iron bone sect were really going to come up and catch themselves, he ran away and quickly changed his words:" I believe I believe it! 

that's right, it's really good. 

Shi Qing nodded with satisfaction, and then looked at the disciples of the immortal sect in the dungeon, smiling and asking, "what about you? Believe it or not. 

the young monks looked at each other. 

They are not Shiqing's servants, and they don't want to see Gu qiushu. What should they be afraid of Shiqing. 

We don't believe it! 

Shi Qing turned his head to the people of the iron bone sect and said, "when we deliver food to them, we should not put salt, put more sugar, sweet 

standing in the dungeon, we heard his words clearly to the young monks:... 

disciples of the iron bone sect::... 

at least, they are also a large number of patriarchs. Do you want to do this Shiqing did not care what they thought of himself, but there were three Mahayana puppets standing behind him. 

He yawned and leaned lazily on the chair. "OK, the road is far away, and I'm too lazy to go. You just carry this patriarch over here. 

The disciples of the iron bone sect quickly carried their chairs and walked steadily towards the heavenly horn. Lin Xingzhi followed quickly. 

Br > 

when the master of medicine wants to grasp the master of medicine, who wants you to grasp the master of medicine 

Lin Xingzhi "... 

he simply followed Shi Qing's words:" in this case, can I ask if the Lord Shi has reported to our clan that we are guests here? "Shi Qing said," it's your clan, not mine. You should report it yourself. 

"Lin Xingzhi" is so, please allow me to send a message to zongmen. 

Lin Xingzhi hesitated to look at Shi Qing. Seeing that he was really lazy, he took out the letter passing Rune paper from his arms and tried to test his own spiritual power. 

sure enough, as soon as he got out of the dungeon, his spiritual power recovered. 

The dungeon was sure to suppress people's spiritual power. 

he wrote down the information on the rune paper and then threw it away. 

As soon as the rune paper flew to the wall, it was shattered. 

A disciple of the iron bone sect said, "it is not allowed to use letter passing paper in the dungeon. 

Lin Xingzhi: "when... 

he took a glance and comforted him," it's OK, I'll compensate you. 

I have always been aboveboard and generous, and never do such shameless things. 

With his comfort, Lin Xingzhi felt a little relaxed 

just as the Tianzi dungeon arrived, Qing got down from his chair, tidied up his clothes and asked people to open the door. 

Inside the door, there is a man in the same white clothes sitting on the ground. Hearing the news, he slowly opened his eyes. His eyes seemed to contain ice, and his face was as cold as an iceberg.But even if it's an iceberg, it's a beautiful iceberg. 

When Lin Xingzhi saw him, he was immediately relieved and could not wait to run up to him. "Martial uncle 

Shiqing grabbed his shoulder, motioned for the puppet to buckle him, and raised eyebrows at Gu qiushu, who looked at him coldly. 

Gu qiushu, your nephew is in my hand. If you don't want him to die, you'd better listen to me. 

Lin Xingzhi: "he looked at Shiqing in disbelief and said," Lord Shi, you just said that you are open and aboveboard. " 

"Not really." 

Shi Qing patted him on the shoulder, and he was very upright. 

I'm using you to threaten your martial uncle openly. 

even threatening people is so undisguised. Is there anyone in the world who is more open and aboveboard than the patriarch





 When Qing was so righteous, Lin Xingzhi did not know how to refute it. 

He didn't know what the iron bone sect was mainly doing. He could only close his eyes under the puppet with a generous face. "Don't listen to him, martial uncle! I will never let myself become a tool to threaten you." 

Shi Qing looked at him with a smile and clapped his hands to express his admiration. "Well, it's really the three generations of tianyanzong's disciples. I admire you! I admire you! 

after the praise, he changed his face and snapped his fingers," do it. The puppet's rapid action will immediately fall on Lin Xingzhi's neck. 

Lin Xingzhi closed his eyes subconsciously. 

"Stop it. 

The tone of the voice was cold and silent. When Qingyi picked up his eyebrows, he looked at Gu qiushu, who was twisting his eyebrows. The corners of his lips cocked up and waved his hands. 

when the puppet got the command, he put his hand down quietly. 

Lin Xingzhi began to breathe. There was no wind in the dungeon, but he felt as if he had been blown by the cold wind. His body was shaking and his forehead was covered with cold sweat. 

When Qing didn't go to see him at all, he just laughed and walked forward a few steps. Gu qiushu of the state took a few turns. 

Gu qiushu has never been moved. Even if he is watched like this, he just looks at the ice sculpture like face in front of him without any emotion 

tut Tut, Gu qiushu, you are really interesting. It seems that you are not interested in anything. I just threaten a third generation disciple of tianyanzong You can't hold your breath when you're down. 

the man who is always in a posture holds the sword slightly, but still doesn't say a word. 

However, it is such a move, but it has fallen into Shiqing's eyes. 

The young patriarch, who had just been in office for five days, had a pair of clear and bright eyes that did not conform to his actions, and turned to Gu qiushu. 

It seems that if you want to be obedient, you just need to detain those little disciples of tianyanzong. 

Gu qiushu ignored him, and he was not angry. With a smile in his eyes, he looked up and down at the people in front of him. "You look good. Even if you fall into the dungeon, you are not weak at all. 

When his eyes fell on the other side's shoulder, he slightly paused: "are you injured? 

just as he stretched out his hand to fall on Gu qiushu's shoulder, Gu qiushu had already taken a step ahead of him, frowned slightly and retreated to avoid it. 

That has always been well maintained white slender fingers, so embarrassed to fall in the air. 

Bold! Dare to be so disrespectful to the patriarch! 

the disciples of the iron bone sect immediately drew their swords and aimed at Gu qiushu. 

Gu qiushu is still cold-blooded and has no intention of giving in. 

Shiqing didn't care to take back his hand. There was no sense of embarrassment on his face, and he even had the mood to criticize his subordinates. 

well, don't look like this. I'm not telling you all the time that everyone is from Xianmen. If you can speak well, just say it and do it if you don't move. My father used to be the master, but now I'm a good person To be a patriarch, we of the iron bone sect must do good deeds as well as good deeds. 

the disciples of the iron bone sect 

although it was only five days since the Qing Dynasty took office, it was not good that he ordered to arrest the legitimate children of the great immortal sect just with his abnormal smile. 

Seeing their faces confused, Shi Qing was still smiling with a good attitude. "Do you know? 

" yes, Lord. " 

The disciples of the iron bone sect trembled because of his gentle voice. They quickly put away their swords and pretended to be dead one by one as quiet as a chicken. 

Shi Qing went on to say, "Gu Xian Chang'an Xin, we tieguzong are not the kind of people who can move their hands and feet. If you don't let me touch them, of course I can't hit them. You agree to let me touch them. 

When he finished, he glanced at Lin Xingzhi, who was still held by the puppet. His tone was very understatement: "I am kind and kind, and my heart is soft. I can't see blood. "Take him down and strangle him. 

The disciple of tieguzong 

Lin Xingzhi 

only the puppet didn't express any emotion according to Shi Qing's words. The obedient immediately grabbed Lin Xingzhi and went out. 

The fairy in white suddenly clenched the sword in his hand, and stood in front of Lin Xingzhi. His eyes seemed to contain ice. He looked at Shiqing coldly, holding a handful of his black hair. Although he was still smiling, his eyes were full of fun. 

"It seems that the fairy changed his mind? 

Gu qiushu stood in front of Lin Xingzhi and asked in a cold voice," what do you want. 

Not so much, just see the immortal long root bone is good, cultivation is high, want to get close to, exchange feelings just. 

All over his body is exquisite and transparent, such as the new patriarch of iron bone sect, who grew up in the palm of his hand since he was a child, and the new patriarch of iron bone sect came to Gu qiushu with a smile. 

This time, when he reached out his hand, the fairy in white shook his body slightly, but he did not dodge.As a result, Shiqing fell his fingers on his bloody shoulder, and his white clothes were already dyed red. 

Look at the pain, just from Gu qiushu's face, but can not see that he is suffering from pain. 

Shi Qing's voice rose slightly, and the ending was twisted. "How did this happen? Didn't I tell Gu Xianchang not to hurt him?" the puppet replied respectfully, "when we went, he had already been injured. 

This is really strange. You are distracted. Who can hurt you in the secret place. 

When Qing said, went straight to the wound and sniffed. 

Gu qiushu has been practicing in tianyanzong since he was a child. He has a high level of seniority and his elder martial brother is busy with his family affairs. No one has ever dared to be so close to him. 

At the moment, feeling the breath of the person in front of him gently spraying wine on his clothes with the action, his eyebrows tightened more tightly, his body subconsciously tightened up, but he could only bear to stand in the same place to endure. 

"The taste of spring ginseng. 

After sniffing, he raised his eyebrows and looked at Gu qiushu. "Are you hurt by the spirit animal guarding it when you are picking ginseng? 

Gu qiushu looks down slightly without saying a word. 

"Go, take Lin Xingzhi out and poison me. 

Gu qiushu's expression of no waves and no waves is finally a little more emotional, sullen looking at Shiqing "shameless.". 

It's shameless. It works. 

The patriarch of the iron bone sect is completely proud of himself. For the sake of Lin Xingzhi's life, you'd better cooperate with him. If I ask you, he will return to me, or he will not see the sun tomorrow. 

Gu qiushu's hand holding the handle of the sword became stronger. 

Shi Qing felt that if it wasn't for the ability to suppress people in this dungeon, Gu qiushu's sword would have been out of his body. 

After all, Gu qiushu is a famous genius of cultivating immortals in Xiuzhen world. He can surpass the level to play Mahayana in a period of transforming spirit. 

But who makes him unable to use spiritual power now. 

You have to do whatever you want now. 

"Well, if you look like this, you should agree. I ask, you answer, don't answer me or cheat me. 

When Qing pick eyebrow smile, do not speak, just point to Lin Xingzhi, and then vividly made a wipe neck action. 

On the edge of life and death, Lin Xingzhi, a giant ROC spreading its wings, "come here, let me ask you, what do you want to do with spring ginseng? Isn't that thing used to suppress spiritual power? 

oh I see. Is it possible that you are attracted to a girl from a certain family, so you chose Quan Zhenshen to suppress the girl's spiritual power and do something unspeakable. 

Before, Gu qiushu could bear it. Now, when he saw Qingyue speak more disrespectful, his eyes were more angry. "Nonsense! 

it's really rare that I said so many words, but I actually got a fairy. You said two more words. 

Tut tut. "Shiqing shakes his head." since it is not used on the girl, please tell me where this spring can be used. 

Gu qiushu's eyes twinkled, and his expression in his eyes was slightly restrained. His tone was light "for myself. 

"Five words are just like one more word! 

when Qing first applauded, he continued to ask," immortal, why do you use Quan Zhenshen? You are a good person. You can't be confused about the fact that Quan Zhenshen can cause great pain to people, right. 

He approached Gu qiushu again, and his slender fingers fell on the white fairy's waist. He felt the slight tremor coming from his clothes. His eyes fell on Gu qiushu's normal but pale face. 

"You've already taken Quan Zhenshen. 

Gu qiushu was expressionless. 

It's no wonder that I saw you sitting around all the time just now, taking Quan Zhenshen's pain. Few people can resist not being comatose, but you can talk with me as usual. You are worthy of Gu qiubing. " 

Lin Xingzhi was still forced to suppress his anger. Hearing this, he was disgusted. "Martial uncle, you took Quan Zhenshen? Why? Who doesn't know why Quan Zhen practitioners feel pain all the time if they take it like thousands of knives to cut meat. Why are you so noisy. 

Shiqing leaned on Gu qiushu's shoulder impatiently and waved to the puppet, "take the man down, don't let him see the sun tomorrow. Gu qiushu pupil shrinks, a step forward to Yang block. 

This time, the puppet moved quickly and directly grasped Lin Xingzhi to get out of the dungeon. 

In Qing's hand fell on Gu qiushu's shoulder, and he suddenly turned back to draw his sword. He was not in a hurry. Before the disciples of the iron bone sect pulled out their swords to protect themselves, his index finger was a little bit around Gu qiushu's waist. 

The fairy in white, who was just threatening, became stiff. Amaranth could only maintain this position and could not move any more 

What did you do. 

Shi Qing took back his index finger and blew his breath. "It's nothing. The practitioner who takes Quan Zhenshen will have great pain all over his body, but it's not without a solution. As long as you click on a acupoint, you can stop the pain, but there is a side effect. The practitioner who has been ordered can't move any more.He said with a smile and naturally grabbed Gu qiushu's arm to help him put it down, and gently helped to collect the sword. "I was not sure whether you took Quan Zhenshen, who made you so honest. Now it's in the hands of my patriarch. 

Gu qiushu can't move and can only look at him coldly. 

Shiqing didn't mind his eyes at all. When he put down his arm, he held his arm and stood in front of him. 

Gu qiushu looks taller than him, but after a few eyes, Shi Qing discovers that it is not Gu qiushu who is taller than him, but Gu qiushu is wearing a hair crown, so he looks taller than him. 

So he stretched out his hand to get Gu qiushu's hair crown. 

Originally, there was a wind from southeast to northwest. The pupil of the immortal in white shrank again. Subconsciously, I wanted to hide back, but I couldn't escape because of the acupoint. 

When you take it away, 

, Qingqing's hand falls on his hair crown and looks at the people in front of him. His eyes are full of teasing: "don't let me touch it? Give me a reason first. Gu qiushu clenched his teeth and said in a cold voice, "it's etiquette to tie your hair in front of you. 

"Yes. 

"Didn't you hear what Gu Xianchang said? You all go down and don't let Gu Xianchang be rude. The disciples of the iron bone sect did not fight in spite of a stumbling, so they saluted and left one after another. 

So the dungeon of the character of heaven was left with Shi Qing and Gu qiushu. 

Well, there's no one left now. Come on, I'll help you get your hair crown and have a good sleep. When you wake up, you won't have to suffer from Quan Zhenshen. Ah, my Lord is so kind. " 

Gu qiushu felt that Shi Qing's hand actually took off his hair crown, and the fluctuation of his chest was aggravated a little. 

"the hair crown is a private thing, how can you be so. 

Good, good, I'm wrong, I'm wrong, let you come back. 

Said, when Qing very good temper grasps Gu qiushu's hand, lets that slender big hand also mold to touch own hair crown. 

"Come on, you are so small. 

Gu qiushu 

he wanted to stab the people in front of him, but he couldn't move. He could only watch Shi Qing move him to the bed and lay him flat. After that, the shameless man also lay beside him. 

Gu qiushu's face was cold, and his eyes had already taken the meaning of killing. "You kill my tianyanzong disciple. If you don't kill me today, one day, I will let you pay for my life." 

"When did I kill your tianyanzong disciples? 

Shi Qing directly sat up and looked at Gu qiushu angrily at himself. 

as he reached out to untie his belt, he said," Xianchang, you are still so beautiful and popular. 

Gu qiushu was more angry. "What are you doing! 

" can't you see? I'm undoing your clothes. 

The light white belt was easily untied by Shiqing. He picked it on his fingertips and swayed in front of the fairy in white who couldn't move. 

All right, now start taking off your jacket. 

Gu qiushu " He Ti Tong, let me go 

What are you doing so much reaction? Go to the inner shirt. 

Gu qiushu looks colder and colder. He can only bite his teeth and close his eyes, and plans to force open the acupoints. 

Shiqing reminded him, "immortal, you can't think about pressing acupoints. You don't have spiritual power at all now. Even if you flush for 100 years, you can't open it. OK, the inner shirt is also untied. 

Gu qiushu turned a deaf ear, only closed his eyes, and said in a cold voice, "you killed my nephew, humiliated me. I will certainly tear you to pieces. 

Who killed your nephew? Don't slander others. 

Shi Qingba opened the layers of heavy clothes, leaned down, and looked at the white and flawless piece. After closing his eyes, his long eyelashes curled slightly, and his face was a little less cold and frosty. He gently breathed a breath and looked at the thick long eyelashes, subconsciously shaking, and his lips slightly raised. 

"I'm just saying that he can't see the sun tomorrow. Aren't you not in the dungeon? Is there a sun in the dungeon?" 

and he put the ointment he just took out on the wound of Gu Qiucun. 

What's humiliation? At this point, I'm just helping you deal with the wound. What can I do if you don't take off your clothes? 

Gu qiushu frowned, slowly opened his eyes, and looked at the iron bone patriarch above. When Qing cocked up the corner of his mouth, more and more close to him. 

Two people face to face, close enough to see each other in the eyes of their own. 

Fairy. 

Shiqing deliberately approached again. He lowered his voice and asked in a low voice, "you are so nervous just now. Do you think I want to do something to you? 

" you and I are both men. What can I do to you? I go to your clothes, not to give you medicine, or to touch you to hold you? 

he raised his eyebrows and supported his body with one hand, while he dropped his other hand on his own clothes and picked them down slightly Pull a little clothes, Bai Yi's neck appears more and more trim 

in the eye wave circulation, he brings a frivolous charm 

the immortal is more worried. Compared with you, a cold monk, I think it is more attractive. 

Gu qiushu couldn't move again when they were so close that he was forced to see it clearly.Gu qiushu's face was still frozen, but Shiqing could clearly see that with his words, the white fairy's earlobe had turned red, and he held for a long time before he suddenly closed his eyes. 

The lips trembled, and three words came out to 

"you have self-respect.





 "Self respect?" 

tieguzong, the young and exceedingly new patriarch, laughed and stretched out his hand to pull up his clothes. 

OK, I've pulled up my clothes. Can I open my eyes? Gu Xianchang? 

Gu qiushu's eyelashes trembled, but he still opened his eyes. 

That Mou son looks at as if or shallow light, a trace of emotion also has no, look to the eyes of clear when also very mo de feeling. 

Shi Qing didn't mind, but she still held the posture above Gu qiushu. On the one hand, she put medicine on him with her slender and white hand, which was maintained very soft and tender. She was not free at the same time. 

He teased and teased the young fairy, "I said, are your tianyanzong disciples as serious as you? I just revealed a little bit. You're red ears, all men, and I'm not shy. What's your shame? 

Gu qiushu's eyelashes trembled slightly, and his thin lips closed slightly, refusing to answer appearance. 

Shi Qing didn't dislike him for ignoring himself, and asked himself, "or are you red ears because of shyness? Gu Xianchang, you don't really like men, do you? 

this time, Gu qiushu has some anger in his eyes. 

He looked at the man with a cold tone, as if he could freeze. "Nonsense. 

what are you doing so nervous? So I'm afraid of what I said. I said, I don't remember you, Tian Yan Zong has the rule that men are not allowed to be with men. You should not be afraid. If Tian Yan really does not allow it, then you will come to our iron bone school. My man, very generous, is also the master of iron bone clan. I has the final say in our clan gate. I said you can like men 

As he said it, Shi Qing raised Gu qiushu's wisp of hair with a smile. His eyebrows were full of frivolity. "You can like it. It's just your personal meaning." 

Gu qiushu frowned more and more with his words 

he said coldly: "when the patriarch knew that he was the leader of a sect, now you Tiegu sect sent someone to arrest us here, so don't you rush to cause disaster to the iron bone sect? 

he thought that Shi Qing would say that there were three puppets in the hijacking period, and the iron bone sect was not afraid of anyone in the cultivation world Pick eyebrows, that looks like a monster pretty good-looking face deliberately revealed a trace of innocence. 

What is Gu Xianchang talking about? Where am I provoking you? I saw that you poor Xianmen children have hidden injuries in their bodies. I'm afraid that each one of them will die soon. I sent someone to arrest you. Oh, no, please come to you. " 

Gu qiushu glanced at the dungeon which can suppress cultivation, and his eyes were even colder. "So, it seems that the way of treating guests of iron bone sect is somewhat wrong 

do you say this dungeon? Do you not like it? I treat you differently. Other young disciples are all crowded together. Only you are alone here 

is smiling and very cheeky Sorry, none. 

"Gu Xianchang, I saved you with kindness. Do you have anything to repay me? I think your sword is not bad." 

He said that his hand fell on the sword that Gu qiushu had been holding tightly 

Gu qiushu couldn't move, but the cold in his eyes was even heavier. When he felt that he had no expression, he wanted to take away his sword, but he couldn't pull it out. 

"Ah? It's strange. Are you holding so tightly? 

after a while, Shiqing tried hard, but didn't catch it, so he didn't catch it. 

He went to Gu qiushu again and looked down at him. He took a strand of black hair and touched his cold white cheek. Do you have any restrictions on your sword, immortal? Now you can't move. Why can't I take it out? 

Gu qiushu gives him a cold look, ignores his small movements, closes his eyes and begins to breathe 

ignore me? I think you have forgotten what I said before. Be careful that your nephew can't see the sun tomorrow. Although Gu qiushu didn't open his eyes, he succeeded in making his eyebrows tighter. He said in a cold voice, "can't you do anything else? 

when Qingqing was smiling, he took his hair to tease his servants, straightened his nose, and looked at his wrinkled eyebrows, and his smile became more and more wanton." in the dungeon of iron bone clan, we were not only closing that little disciple of Tianyan sect. 

If he can't threaten you alone, isn't there another group? 

Gu qiushu couldn't bear to open his eyes "shameless! 

when qingsibo didn't mind, he even reminded him that" you just said this sentence. 

Seeing the ups and downs of the man's chest, he felt that he couldn't make fun of him. He shrugged and sat up. "Well, if you're angry, I won't say it. Well, I'm such a nice person. 

Gu qiushu watched him blow his own horn coldly. 

"What is your purpose. 

"I said, I'm a good man. My purpose is to cure you. Look at you. It's clear that your cultivation is so high, but the muscles and bones inside are miserable. Look, it's broken so badly. I said, don't you hurt when you practice every day?The anger in Gu qiushu's eyes gradually turned into doubt and vigilance. 

How do you know. " 

"Guess what? 

the fairy in white took a deep breath and looked at him coldly. 

Well, well, I'll tell you, how do I know? It's very simple, because I'm a pharmacist. I know you have to ask me what a pharmacist is. A pharmacist is a cultivation method that I've created by myself. " 

When the clear in slowly fell on the edge of Gu qiushu wound, point. 

The beautiful eyes on the top of his eyes are directly connected with him. 

He slowly lifted his lips, slightly down, close to the man's ear, whispered, "you are ill, I am your medicine." Feel Gu qiuteng with his words suddenly stiff body, from time to time low smile out of the sound. 

The laughter grew louder and louder. At last, he couldn't sit still. He was lying on the tree directly. 

Xianchang, your ears are red again. I said that you tianyanzong is teaching you what every day. A good person just teaches you to have red ears. When you marry your daughter-in-law, you enter the bridal chamber, but you don't know what to do. Gu qiushu's red ears gradually recover their original color under the teasing of the people in front of you 。 

This time, he replied, "I don't have to worry about how I teach tianyanzong. It depends on how you teach the iron bone sect. At any rate, you are also a famous school, and you are so frivolous. 

He said these words seriously, and his face was very cold. Even a person with a slight facial expression would feel ashamed to hear him say it. 

however, the person who heard him was clear. 

But Shi Qing didn't want to face 

am I frivolous? 

he first asked, and then looked down at his clothes which were slightly wrinkled just because of his actions. 

tut tut: "I'm called frivolous? It seems that Xianchang, you haven't seen a real frivolous person. 

I'll take off my clothes and show you how frivolous I am. Gu qiushu 

he couldn't believe to look at the person who said that he really began to take off his clothes. He felt that he had never seen such a brazen person as Shiqing in his life. 

Just as he was about to close his eyes, the man said with a smile, "don't close your eyes. If you dare to close your eyes and deliberately ignore me, I don't know what those little disciples of Yanzong would do that day. 

Gu qiushu has always been a man of pure heart and few desires. Because of his high seniority, no one ever took such liberties in front of him in the days of tianyanzong. Generally, as long as he appeared, all the disciples would behave like a kitten. 

It's not just how scary his cold face is. 

It also represents that Gu qiuteng has no experience in dealing with the current situation. 

Don't close your eyes. 

If I close my eyes, I wonder if the fickle person in front of me will say something to tianyanzong's disciples. 

But when you open your eyes, don't you want to see the people in front of you undress with your own eyes. 

When Qing threw away his outer garment, he saw Gu qiushu's ears were completely red, his lips were slightly raised, and he stretched out his hand to press in the place where his heart should be. 

After touching him, he felt that his subordinates were still stiff. He raised his eyebrows and nodded with satisfaction, "very good. I jumped faster than just now." 

The young man turned to the ground, took his shirt and began to put it on his body 

facing Gu qiushu, he was relieved and puzzled. His smile on his face became worse and worse, and his words were very serious. 

Do you really think I'm going to strip in front of you? Don't be funny. You're not a pretty girl. Don't worry. I take off my clothes just to test whether your heart rate is fast and your muscles will expand. 

Gu qiushu is really relieved this time. 

It's just that the cold eyes of Shiqing have not faded away. 

Shi Qing shrugged at his disbelief. "I know you don't believe it, but it doesn't matter. Anyway, I'm a pharmacist with such a good heart. No matter whether you believe it or not, I'll cure you. 

Listening to what he said didn't seem to be telling lies, the fairy in White said in a low voice, "I have my own way to deal with the hidden diseases in my body, so you don't have to worry about it. 

What can you do? I'll tell you, your disease is very simple. The reason why you have hidden diseases is that your bones are too high and your training speed is too fast. Therefore, when your accomplishments are too fast and your muscles and veins can't keep up with them, the muscles and veins in your body will start to break and have great pain. 

The key is that even if you find the elixir for restraining cultivation, it will only treat the symptoms rather than the root cause, which will only make you suffer. 

He put on his clothes, and his smile increased a little bit. "It's better to use my method to help you find something that can make your heart beat too fast. If you do it so many times, your muscles and veins will expand, and the disease will naturally recover without medicine. 

What he said seemed to be very reasonable. However, it was useless. Gu qiushu didn't believe him.The fairy in white can't move, but his voice is still cold. "It's useless. I don't believe you. 

Shi Qing came to him with a bright smile and bent down to face Gu Qiucun's four eyes. "I don't care if you believe me or not. Anyway, you are all in my hands. I want to cure you. 

After that, the smiling young man suddenly bowed his head, and his soft lips fell on the other side's forehead, a dragonfly kiss. 

Gu qiushu's body is stiff, feeling the hand of time Qing falls again in his heart position. 

The voice rose, lazy, and with a charm, "well, sure enough, fast.





 In the dungeon, Gu qiushu, who had a great research spirit, studied Gu qiushu all over the place. 

Gu qiushu couldn't move. He could only feel the shameless master of the iron bone sect with his hands on himself. 

His ears are all red, but the guy is still muttering, "isn't the stimulation enough? Why doesn't your heart beat as fast as before? Isn't it? Why don't you speak, fairy? Fairy? 

Gu qiushu silently recites Tao Te Ching in his heart, and keeps his eyes open Zong's younger disciples threatened him. Seeing that he ignored himself, he shrugged his shoulders and simply got up and stretched. Well, sure enough, those with high seniority are not fun. I'd better go to those little disciples. They are young, and they won't be so indifferent to anything. 

Gu qiushu thought he was threatening himself again. He opened his eyes fiercely. His cold eyes were full of anger. His eyes were full of anger. This time, however, Shi Qing didn't show a happy smile, but as if he was not interested in him, he opened the door and went straight out. 

Gu qiushu didn't expect him to be like this. 

After all, Shi Qing had been threatening him and had never taken any action before. Now seeing that he had compromised, Shi Qing still went out. He immediately thought that this man was really going to do something to tianyanzong's disciples. In his cold eyes, he felt more anxious. 

"What are you going to do 

" I warn you that if there is something wrong with my tianyanzong disciple, the whole tianyanzong will not let you back. 

The disciples of the iron bone sect who were waiting outside the door came out and rushed to meet them. Then they saw their neurotic patriarch leaning against the wall, and the pretty face that looked like a demon showed a smile. 

Ask them, "listen to me, Gu Xianchang didn't even come back to ask for help. He asked me to go back to see him. His tone was just like ordering his disciples." 

"Oh, I don't want to hear that tone. 

He listened to his words clearly. 

Even if he was so cold, he almost didn't get angry. 

He clenched his teeth. For the sake of tianyanzong's disciples, he said coldly, "please. 

Today's humiliation, one day, he will surely recover 

but 

please me? Ah, sure enough, I still like to listen to people asking me. 

When Shi Qing finished, he waved his hand. "Let's go and see what's going on with the younger generation. My Lord can't wait to help them heal. 

none of Gu qiushu or even the disciples of the iron bone sect thought that Shi Qing's treatment was really healing. 

The disciples of the iron bone sect did not dare to make any noise. However, Gu qiushu really thought that Shi Qing should do something to those tianyanzong disciples. Although his body could not move, his eyebrows were wrinkled tightly. 

If you want to do anything, you should aim at me. Why bully these young people? 

do you hear me. 

Shiqing, do you hear me. 

When Qing PA La in the dungeon door, looking at the man because can't move, can only look at the sky to speak, the lip corner more and more hook up. Give the dungeon a good layout and make it look like a guest room. How can the immortal be wronged if he is so banished. 

By the way, let's make some good wine and dishes. He is a guest of iron bone clan, so he should be well treated. 

The disciples of the iron bone sect 

did the patriarch say irony? 

they raised their eyes carefully and asked Shi Qing, "master, do you want to add something to this good wine and dish? 

Shi Qing squinted and thought," put more spice, Gu Xianchang's Blush looks good. 

After that, he did not go to flog the house. After hearing him say this, he stopped speaking. As if Gu qiushu was in a hurry, he turned and went to the dungeon where the young disciples were locked. 

The efficiency of tieguzong's disciples has always been very high. 

When the old patriarch died, it was even faster after the Qing Dynasty. 

After all, for the disciples of other sects, the biggest punishment for making mistakes is to drive them out of the school. 

But change to iron bone clan? 

take a look at their neuropathic patriarch. As soon as he took office, he arrested the legitimate children of other clans and attacked them mercilessly. If they don't do a good job, the ghost knows whether they will go back to the West. 

Therefore, the orders given by Shi Qing were always completed quickly. 

In the dungeon, in front of those disciples, there were tables of food. 

Most of them didn't learn how to produce grain. They were already hungry after being shut up for such a long time. Even if they thought they could not eat, they could not help eating even if they wanted to have backbone. 

At the end of Shiqing, I heard a disciple angrily saying, "younger martial brother, how can you eat their food? Are you not afraid that there is poison in it?" the young disciple who was eating said, "it's poisonous if it's poisonous. Elder martial brother, I've been hungry for so long. This food doesn't kill me, and I'm going to starve to death." 

Anyway, I'd rather be a dead man. Well, this dish is so sweet. It's sweet to me.When Shi Qing turned around, he could see that the clothes on the disciple who was talking while eating were the clothes of tianyanzong. 

Most of the disciples in tianyanzong were raised in the clan since childhood. Most of them are stable. Although not all of them are cold like Gu qiushu, there are a lot of them like Lin Xingzhi. 

It's very rare for this disciple to be like this. It seems that he is a good eater. 

He walked up to him and said with a smile, "well said, since it's all death, it's better to poison it. Congratulations, you will be the first one to die of pain. You're going to be the first one to die of pain. 

Shi Qing found that the disciples of this cultivation world were not ugly. 

This little disciple is about 15 or 16 years old. He looks like a baby with fat face and childish eyebrows. He is very cute. 

His hands were itchy and he wanted to touch his soft face to see if it was as elastic as it looked. 

Thinking of Gu qiushu in the tianzihao dungeon, Shiqing can only regret to cancel this idea. 

What a pity. 

Although he wanted to touch it, who let him have Gu qiushu. 

He is a man of integrity. 

He faced up to the hatred of eating goods. 

The little disciple responded and quickly swallowed the food in his mouth. Then he held the bowl and asked, "Lord Shi, the food is really poisonous. 

when he saw that he was afraid, he asked him with a smile," don't you say that you are not afraid of poison? Do you want to be a full death ghost if you poison me? 

this is quite a confession for the little disciple, and his eyes stand erect The carving was red, pitifully looking down at the meal, hearing the voice almost cried out: "I thought, I thought there was no 

is it not very easy to kill us since you have captured us? Why do you need to poison so much trouble 

LIN Xingzhi is wary of blocking in front of him, and severely reprimands" do not cry! My tianyanzong disciple, even if you are dead, you should stand dead! 

the little disciple sniffed and stood up dejectedly. 

I'm dying all over my body. 

"OK, OK. Since you are going to die, don't waste it. Somebody, get him out for me. I want to see him." The disciples of tianyanzong, who had been standing quietly, were on guard immediately. They all held swords and blocked the little disciple. 

However, they did not have spiritual power. The disciples of the iron bone sect finally pulled out the people and put them in front of Shiqing. The little disciple was so frightened that he could not shed tears in his eyes. He looked pitiful and lovely. 

Tut tut Tut, are you tianyanzong's disciples so beautiful? 

it's not good to have your hands itchy when you are 

your eyes are always turning on each other's faces, and I'm very sorry to sigh. 

it's a pity that my master's favorite thing is that they won't let me touch them. Unfortunately, since we have Gu qiushu, how can you feel The Lord will not move your 

little disciple, hearing Gu qiushu's name, carefully raises his eyes, and looks at Shiqing's eyes, and trembles with fear. 

He was very afraid, but he still remembered Lin Xingzhi's words, so he was so afraid and trembling: "I, our tianyanzong disciple, even if we are dead or dead, we should stand dead! 

Shiqing nodded his head." I understand. 

He took out a incense from his arms and lit it in front of the younger disciple. 

the younger disciple was watching him with vigilance. Suddenly, his leg softened and fell down. The puppet behind him quickly caught him and carried it on his shoulder. 

so his sight was parallel to Shi Qing. Shi Qing shook the incense on his hand with a smile and said, "stand dead." 

Little disciple 

he began to shed tears. 

See amuse too much, when clear dry cough a few "come on, rest assured, did not poison, just I say you want to be hurt dead pour is true. 

I am still crying. 

When Qing saw that he didn't listen to himself, he threatened him, "don't cry, cry again and kill you. 

"I'll cry if you want to. 

When Qing saw his pathetic and plaintive appearance, he almost didn't laugh. 

He made up his brain, and Gu qiushu was so excited. 

"Well, well, I'm in a hurry, not much nonsense. 

When the incense sticks were put here, he held his chin and saw that the man who was being carried gradually stopped crying. Instead, he began to show an uncomfortable look on his face. Then he retched a few times and vomited out a bug. 

The insects are so big that they are still writhing on the ground. 

When Qing hit a ring finger "to stop work. 

He pinched the incense and motioned the puppet to put the people in. Then he looked down at the disciples who were at a loss. He murmured, "I don't know what you have in your stomach. How did your teacher teach you? Fortunately, my Lord saved you and you still cry. It's really ignorant."Well, my Lord has business. You are busy. I'll go first. 

He quickly went to the tianzihao dungeon. 

Then under Gu qiushu's vigilant sight, he can't wait to stretch out his hand and fall on the man's cheek. "If I save your nephew, I will pay for it by yourself. 

Gu qiushu looked at the cold, but his face was very hot. 

When Qing smiles, touched a cool. 

Then he sighed at Gu qiushu, who was looking at himself with a cold line of sight knife. 

I was so chaste to resist touching the poor people of tianyanzong.





 Gu qiushu was closing his eyes and trying to open the acupoints. Suddenly, he touched his face and opened his eyes. He looked at Shi Qing angrily. 

This is also the spiritual power in his body has been suppressed. If not, Gu qiushu will be able to spit out a mouthful of blood if he is still flushing the acupoints. Although he didn't vomit blood now, his face was not much better. His eyes seemed to be eager to stab him to death. 

Shi Qing touched him and looked at him coldly, but his touch was very thin. He asked with a smile, "don't you like me to pounce on you? If you don't like it, just say it. If you say it, I promise not to touch you. 

before Gu qiushu opened his mouth, he listened to the person in front of him to add," if you don't let me touch it, I can touch your little disciple of tianyanzong. Just now that little disciple is really OK He loved him so much that when he was brought out, he cried and said he would die standing. Do you know the name of the little disciple? The fairy in white looked cold and said, "what have you done to him. 

"What did I do to him? I didn't do anything to him. 

Gu qiushu has been in front of him. He always laughs and laughs in front of him. He has to be a kind-hearted and famous patriarch of iron bone sect to make him impatient. 

Since he was young, he has been a senior member of tianyanzong. The senior brothers above have no time to look after him. The younger disciples at the bottom dare not come to look for him. 

He had been used to being cold and lonely. Suddenly, a bold and shameless fellow came out of his body. He felt uncomfortable and repelled at the bottom of his heart, and he was not as calm and self-contained as he used to be. 

If you want to kill, you have to cut. 

When Qing was smiling, she went up and sniffed, and her eyebrows slightly picked up, "fairy, are you angry? Why don't you believe that I really have no bad heart? If I really want to do something to you, I will kill you directly. Why should I spend so much time. 

What's more, immortal, you're really like reciting immortals. But I still want to be close to you. How can I be willing to kill you. 

His delicate, slender fingers, like a kitten, slide up and down his cheek while Gu qiushu can't move. 

His fingers are tender, soft and slippery. Gu qiushu is angry, and an idea comes out of his heart. 

When the clear touch their own hands is not good, why bother him. 

He wanted to shut his eyes and focus on his mind, but his smooth hand refused to let him go. He felt on his cheek, and Gu qiushu's eyebrows were tightened. 

I can't bear to say, "what do you want! 

" I just want to talk to you. Why should I be so cruel. 

Shi Qing showed the feeling of wronged trousers on his face. His hands touched the man's lips, and saw the white fairy's earlobe gradually red. Then he was satisfied and lying on his side, looking at his fairy face. 

You are reasonable to me, I ask myself, very lonely. 

Gu qiushu was indifferent and closed his eyes. 

Fairy. 

"Did you forget that your nephews and nephews are still in my hands and I don't want to threaten you with them, but you always refuse to cooperate with him. 

seeing Gu qiushu's eyelashes trembling, he deliberately blurs what happened just now." there is a little disciple of your tianyanzong, who seems to be 15 or 16 years old Love, chubby face, big eyes, love to eat and very timid, I asked people to bring him out, his nose was red, and then when he fell down, his eyes were still scared to open wide, which was really pitiful. 

His words are so misleading. 

Gu qiushu's body was stiff and opened a pair of eyes in disbelief. 

Did you kill him? 

well 

when you killed him? 

, he went to touch his heart, felt the fast beating heart, and said with a smile, "how can you kill him? That's saving him. Otherwise, he would be in pain all over his life. I saved him, and I didn't know how he should excite me. 

Although he was not, his careless words and ambiguous words easily made people think that he really killed the little disciple. Not only did they kill them, but they also consciously did a good thing. 

Gu qiushu's eyes turned red. 

Shi Qing asked, "by the way, I haven't asked his name yet. 

Gu qiushu was quiet for a few seconds, then he said in a hoarse voice, "his name is Yezi. I picked it up. 

You got it? You don't look much older than him. 

Shi Qing was lying on his body, feeling the cold temperature of the other party because of the broken muscles and veins. He continued to ask, "what do you think of him? Is he a little disciple or younger generation? 

Gu qiushu's eyes are full of bloodstains." I treat him When the younger brother 

and chin Qing, killed Ye Zi. 

When Qing's hand always falls on the other side's heart, feels that the heart jumps faster and faster. There's the scream of the system in the ear. Ah, ah, ah, host. He's on the rise. 

After a while, the system 

Ding! Gu qiushu's rejection degree is 1000 out of 100 

Shi Qing is still not in a hurry. Isn't that good? It's a record breaking. 

When the system 

, Qingqing stood up to Gu qiushu with a smile and looked at his eyes full of killing intentionI'm afraid that if you change your eyes to other people's eyes, I'm afraid you can feel a chill from the bottom of your heart. 

but for Shi Qing, it can't make him feel timid at all. 

immortal, your heart beats so fast. 

He grinned with his lips clenched, his hands resting on his heart, and his smile on his face was pure and rewarding. "Have you ever felt that your meridians are expanding? If you persist in doing so, you will surely get better. 

Gu qiushu can't move, he can only look at Shiqing in this way. 

He asked, "why. 

To cure you. " 

"I'm a pharmacist. In order to cure a patient, I can do anything I want. 

You see, how fast your heart beats, faster, and more insistent, you will soon be cured. 

Gu qiushu thinks that the person in front of him is a madman. 

When Qing killed his most painful nephew, it was to make his heart beat faster, so as to cure his disease. 

Crazy. 

Gu qiushu clenched his teeth, and his stiff fingers suddenly moved slightly. 

The acupoints are untied. 

He forced himself to drop his eyes and try to calm his heart. 

The complacent look on Shi Qing's face really changed. He frowned and patted on the fairy. His face was full of doubts. Why did he slow down again? 

he showed a look of sudden enlightenment on his face "- it must be that the stimulation is not deep enough, it doesn't matter. I will go to find a deeper stimulation for you. 

With that, he grinned over and touched the tree with his soft cheek. 

"Don't worry, I can cure you. 

Shi Qing was in a good mood and went out humming. 

When the dungeons were closed again, only Gu qiushu was left. He was expressionless and endured the sharp pain of his body as the acupoints were washed open. He slowly sat up from the bed and lowered his eyes and pulled out his sword. 

Gu qiushu felt the pain all the time, but Gu qiushu walked to the door step by step, like a stone statue, waiting for Jingzheng there 

I don't know how long he waited, and the door opened. 

As the door opened slowly, there was still a lively voice from Shi Qing: "immortal, look who I'm bringing you. 

Gu qiushu suddenly turned around and took out his sword, and the sharp blade of the sword was immediately against his white and slender neck. 

He didn't go to see the iron bone sect disciples who drew their swords on their guard and threatened with a cold voice 

"let the Xianmen children go immediately. 

It is said that when he was spoiled, he was not afraid. Instead, he made a light smile and leaned directly on him. Xianchang, what's the trouble? I've never been slow to treat you. Are you really going to kill me? 

Gu qiushu's eyes were cold, "if you kill my tianyanzong disciple, what else do you want to say. 

As soon as I finished, I heard a curious voice behind the disciples of tieguzong and asked, "what are you looking at? Let's let it go. I want to have a look. 

A chubby boy with a chubby face and clothes of a disciple of tianyanzong crowded out to watch the fun with a chicken leg in his mouth. 

Seeing the scene in front of him, he was startled and glared: "master, martial uncle, when the patriarch? 

Shi Qing felt the stiff body of the man who was leaning on him tightly, and squeezed into his arms more and more," little leaf, how can you walk so slowly? If you come a little later, I'm afraid your uncle will kill me. " 

I Just now I saw someone bring wine and food. They said it was for martial uncle. I said to eat chicken leg, which was delayed for a while. " 

Ye Zi murmured to explain, and timidly dare not say more. 

Shi Qing bumped his shoulder against Gu qiushu. "How about it? Can the immortal feel the stimulation? 

Gu qiushu's heart beats very fast indeed. 

He frowned and suddenly drew back his sword and drew a distance from Shi Qing. "Did you mean it? 

I didn't. I said that I saved him. If you think I killed Xiaoye, how can you blame me. 

When Qing shrugged, a face of innocence. 

Gu qiushu didn't believe it. "You clearly made me misunderstand me on purpose. 

just now I attacked you, and you had expected it. 

He frowned more and more fierce, do not understand why he put himself in danger. "Just now if I really started, you are dead now. "Die, die. If I die, no one in the world can save you. 

With a smile, Shiqing stepped forward and put his hand on Gu qiushu's slender hand holding the sword. Under his cold vision, he picked up the sword. 

It's really a good sword. No wonder you are reluctant to give it to me. However, after all, you are too stingy. 

Gu qiushu looked at Shiqing coldly. He still looked like he was trying to kill him. However, his rejection began to decline. Ding! Gu qiushu's rejection degree is 99 out of 100 

the system pats Xiaoxingan, who doesn't exist. He is relieved. 

Ye Zi carefully clenches his chicken leg and refutes in a low voice for the martial uncle. "Shizong, martial uncle, is not mean. Tianyanzong's disciples choose their swords from Jianzhong when they are young. Only the immortal couple can touch themOh 

, he nodded his head, deliberately hooked his lips and looked at Gu qiushu, who had no expression on his face. "Then I took this sword and was not Gu Xianchang's immortal companion? Gu qiushu looked at him coldly," why do I do this. 

Tut, immortal, you are really boring. 

Shi Qing put the sword into the scabbard and reached the ear of the fairy in white. 

as I said earlier, I would do anything to cure you. 

He reached out his hand and drew up Gu qiushu's fingers under the cold and fierce vision of the other party. His smile became more and more wanton, and his voice was low, like feeling. People murmur 

even if it's double practice, it's OK.





 It is the first time that Gu qiushu has grown so big that it is the first time that someone has said that he wants to double cultivate with him. 

When he heard that, his brain seemed to burst open, and his hands couldn't help clenching. His ears were red and his heart beat faster. 

When he came back to God, he was still teasing and teasing people who had come to Ye Zi's side to tease. 

Xiaoye, I'd like to ask you, how did you eat such a big insect into your stomach? 

it was because of eating chicken legs that Ye Zi's face suddenly turned green, and the chicken leg meat in his mouth could not be swallowed. 

I'm sick. I can't bear it. 

Because of this, I always feel a little queasy. 

In the end, the power of eating goods prevailed. Ye Zi gulped down and said with bitter face, "I don't know. I don't even know that I have a bug in my stomach. 

Shi Qing threatened him, "if you hadn't met me, I'm afraid you'd never know that this insect was in your body. It's called Xinggu. It devours the spiritual power of a monk. When it grows up in your body, it will reproduce itself and give birth to a pile of insect eggs. These eggs will stay in your veins and grow up slowly. The big insects will eat the magic power, while the small insects will be afraid of the spiritual power. So wait until you practice In order to reach the yuan baby, the small insects will climb out to eat your baby, so that you point to become a waste man 

Ye Zi's face is more green. 

"It's nothing. If you become a waste man, you will become a mortal, and the life span of ordinary people is limited. When you get to the time, after all, when a monk is about to die, there will still be a spiritual power reflexively coming out to protect your heart. At this time, these little insects are afraid of spiritual power, and they will suddenly run in your veins and make you live Die of pain 

do you think there will be eggs left by that big bug in your stomach now? 

Ye Zi is completely frightened. 

His uncontrollable retch several sound, hurriedly ran outside, in a short time, outside spread vomit sound. Gu qiushu stood in the original place, when he saw Qingxiao happy, suddenly opened his mouth, "you are deliberately intimidating him. 

Yes The master of iron bone sect admitted it happily and looked at Gu qiushu with a smile. "Although he vomited out the insect, some of the insect's things still remained in him. Once he digested it, his practice would not stop. He would be able to practice freely after a hundred years. 

He is also quite proud of "I let him vomit so out, look back carefree, I am really a good man." 

Gu qiushu wrung his eyebrows. "You could have told him directly, why do you have to scare him. 

"I will. 

The man in front of him was open and wanton. He cocked his mouth and looked at Gu qiushu in a good mood. "Don't you think the process is so good that you don't want the car, but you can cure people? 

" I said, Xianchang, you treat him as a younger brother. I saved your brother. Should you be grateful to me? 

Gu qiushu looked at the people in front of him, although his expression was still cold, but his eyes were a little confused. 

He didn't understand why Shiqing did this. 

It's good if you can say it directly, but you don't want to frighten or misunderstand people on purpose. 

If ye Zi didn't appear in time, even Gu qiushu didn't know whether he would really kill Shiqing. 

This person's mouth is very out of tune, but the action is really saving people. 

Another appearance of playing in the world, and he doesn't take his own life as his life. 

Gu qiushu doesn't understand. 

Shi Qing let him think about it. He went out and called out to the outside, "send back the little leaves and boil him more sugar water to moisten his throat. When he came back to close the door, he said, "lift your chin to the fairy in white." lie down, I'll give the needle 

Because of Ye Zi's incident, Gu qiushu realized that he had misunderstood Shiqing and was ashamed of him, although it seemed that Shi Qing was happy to see his success. 

This time, he obediently returned to the bed and lay down quietly. 

This time, you have a good sense. 

Shiqing took out a silver needle, and still kept saying, "I'm not hiding from the immortal. This is the first time I give the needle. If you accidentally flow the silver needle into your body, please don't worry about it." 

Just saw him frighten Ye Zi with his own eyes, and then listened to Shi Qing's words, Gu qiushu's heart was not much angry. 

When he had a guess in his heart, he deliberately said, 

just give the needle. If it is left in the body, I will force it out with spiritual power. 

As expected, when he said this, Shi Qing's face was a little disappointed. 

are you not afraid? 

Gu qiushu looked at him, and he was still expressionless: "do you want me to be afraid? 

the people in front of him curled their lips and patted him on the shoulder." boring, you are boring. 

Because he couldn't frighten Gu qiushu, Shiqing seemed to lose interest and no longer talked much. He started to use needles. 

Gu qiushu is lying on his back quietly, but he thinks. 

It seems that this is true. 

after Shi Qing captured them, although he never hurt them, he always spoke in various ways. 

Maybe it's just fun, maybe it's just like watching others panic.He never did anything that really hurt people. 

Gu qiushu in the bottom of his heart to think clearly, but still do not understand when Qing do what good. What's the use of making people afraid of him and afraid of him? 

he tried Shi Qing and said in a cold voice, "I'm very grateful for your treatment of my muscles and veins. 

The long white fingertip, which was being applied above, stopped slightly, and then continued as usual. 

Gu qiushu had always been angry because he was imprisoned here. He never really listened to Shi Qing's words carefully. Now, when his heart sank down, he realized that Shi Qing's voice was very clear. 

When he does not deliberately hold down the drag, he is just like a lively young man talking. 

With a charming girl who was held up and grew up, without a trace of haze, just said, but full of ridicule: "fairy, you are really stupid. If I don't have any benefits, how can I help you? I also appreciate me. It seems that you who are religious are not so good, and just treat you Gu qiushu's tone was cold, but he was very resolute: "even if you have a different plan, I should be grateful. 

The man above sneered and leaned down slightly. A pair of beautiful eyes fixed on Gu qiushu. 

"If I'm trying to figure out who you are. 

Rao is already prepared in the bottom of his heart. When Qing Dynasty deliberately molested, the white fairy still couldn't help burning his face. 

"Your self-respect 

is also self-respect, but there is a little more confusion and no measures than before. 

When Qing caught it, the corner of his mouth became more and more serious. 

Don't worry, immortal. I am a man of integrity. If you don't want to, I can't force you. 

This kind of thing, we should be happy with each other. 

He deliberately said ambiguous, sure enough, Gu qiushu had no mind to explore anything, only slightly lowered his eyes and pretended to be dead. 

Seeing that he was quiet, Shiqing did not speak any more and concentrated on giving him needles. 

As time went by, Gu qiushu was quietly reciting the Tao Te Ching in his heart. As time went by, he frowned slightly and opened it slowly 

now it has been at least three hours 

for practitioners, of course, it is nothing, but Shiqing is a well-known ordinary person, and his energy is always maintained for six hours. How can he stand it. 

As you can see, the forehead of the person in front of him is sweating, and his good-looking eyebrows are no longer as conspicuous as before, but slightly wrinkled up 

Gu qiushu used to repel disgust, and naturally he had no intention to take a close look at his appearance. Now, what he saw at first sight was the amazing evil appearance of the other party. 

Gu qiushu suddenly remembered his elder martial brother's comments on him. 

You may not realize how attentive you look when you practice sword. At that time, many female disciples were quietly looking at you, and their eyes didn't blink. As a matter of fact, they are the most attractive people who are dedicated. " 

At that time, Gu qiushu didn't understand why he Wen said so. 

It's just practicing sword. What's good about it. 

But now, looking at is full of serious eyes, no longer as before the same smiley face of Shi Qing, he felt that his solution. 

This kind of Shiqing is really beautiful. 

He really wanted to see more. 

Ding! Gu qiushu's rejection rate is 97 out of 100 

hmm? Shi Qing is a little surprised that I haven't done anything yet. Why did he drop himself? The system is so busy flattering that it must be the charm of the host! 

go, do you think Gu qiushu is the kind of person who looks at the face? 

Gu qiushu is really. 

He was pure in mind, and almost hurt before. Shiqing felt that he was in debt. Now Shiqing has to deal with him for such a long time, and his heart gradually feels a little sad. 

Gu qiushu had no idea what to do with him. Although he was still expressionless, his eyes revealed some tangles, and his eyebrows were tightly clenched. He looked like he was thinking about a very serious matter; "Fairy, what do you think? The flies can be caught in the eyebrows. 

Gu qiushu moved his lips slightly, hesitated for a second, and said in a cold voice, "if you are tired, rest. 

Well, I'm not tired. 

the man above is laughing again. As he laughs, the sweat on his forehead slips to the tip of his white nose. Maybe when Dang gets itchy, Qing stretches out his sleeve to wipe it, and then smiles at Gu qiushu. 

A liar. 

The fairy in white was staring at the man. 

I'm tired, but I still have to lie. 

The man still didn't know what he was doing with his cold face. He was still joking and asking, "fairy, why do you suddenly ask if you want to be courteous but can't wait? 

with a smile, he looked down deliberately and said," you can't hold back the immortal. If you are in a hurry, we'll stop today. "These words and actions really make people think deeply. 

In particular, Gu qiushu has long been a valley leader, where he still needs to pay homage. 

For Gu qiushu, if he heard his disciples speak in tianyanzong, how could he punish him to be locked up for three days. But now when he is not in charge, he can only cold face, ignore him. 

The person above did not continue to tease people as before. Perhaps he knew Gu qiushu would not pay attention to him again, or he had been exhausted by treatment for several hours. 

Gu qiushu closed his eyes again. 

However, I can't settle down in my heart. 

in my mind, I feel like I'm possessed by magic. When I clear my forehead with beads, my white face is full of acid and tired, and I'm shaking in it. He tightened his eyebrows and was about to force himself to forget these things. Suddenly, a breath came from his ear. 

the fairy in white suddenly opened his eyes. When he saw the sweat on his forehead more and more, the tired look on his face became more and more serious. 

He could feel that the breath rate of Shiqing was slightly short. 

It is obvious that this man is already out of strength. 

But he did not care about the expression, still seriously applied the needle, constantly changing the position of the needle. 

Gu qiushu can clearly feel that his muscles and veins are indeed slightly widened with his application of acupuncture, and the sharp pain that comes back after flushing the acupoints before is much easier. 

For a person who has been in pain for a long time, it is absolutely a thing to celebrate that he can not feel pain a little bit. 

but Shi Qing has become so tired. 

Gu qiushu's expressionless thinking, he is not for the sake of time. 

It's just that this man is just a mortal. 

It would be too much for mortals to expend their energy to cure themselves. 

Besides, Shiqing is the master here. If something happens to him, he can't escape. 

Looking for a reason in my heart, I saw my hands stop slightly, frown, my eyes are in a trance, and I'm looking forward to falling to the ground. 

almost subconsciously, the white fairy on the bed got up and waved his hand. His sword suddenly came out with his spiritual power, holding the mortal who was about to fall out of bed. Well, thank you. 

that guy who is obviously spoiled and spoiled, but after being held up, Sibo doesn't care to sit up and continue. He doesn't take his tiredness back to him. 

it's really uncomfortable. 

Seeing that his hand had fallen on a needle, a long hand blocked in front. 

Shi Qing looked up at the past with a little doubt. "Immortal? 

on the bed, the fairy in white slightly supported her body with no expression." that's it today. 

"Why? Just half an hour, fairy, you don't have to endure the pain in three days." Half an hour later, I'm afraid the mortal would have fainted. 

Gu qiushu, who has been in the valley for a long time, said coldly.





 Gu qiushu said that he wanted to be courteous, and Shiqing must not let people go. 

"It's a pity that it's only half an hour before it's ready," he said. "The immortal's move is a complete failure. When you come back, I'll have to struggle for a long time. 

Gu qiushu frowned more and more severely. 

Even though he interrupted the rest of the hour, when he returned from the ceremony, he had to start again. 

He was also the patriarch of the iron bone sect, but he didn't know his physical condition at all? 

How can a mortal consume his mind like this? 

his anger was inexplicable, but it brought some emotional "since it is so troublesome, there is no need to toss about it. Just pain, I'm used to it. 

Shi Qing did not care about the patient's request, but said to himself, "who cares whether you are used to it or not, I will treat you. 

Forget it. Since you want to be courteous, go ahead and I'll come back again. 

After he said this, the fairy in white, who was supposed to get up, did not move. He only had a cold eyelid, as if someone owed him eight million. He was staring at Shi Qing. 

In the past, if he looked at people in this way, the people who were looked at must have been frightened to sweat slightly, and the hair on his back was erect. He began to feel guilty about whether he had done something wrong. 

However, the colder Gu qiushu's face is, the more wanton his smile is, and his eyes are full of interest. "Isn't the immortal going to be courteous? Why don't you get up? 

Oh 

it's just one word, but he just makes a ten to eight turn in Shiqing's mouth. 

He finished, with a bad smile on his face, and he reached out his hand triumphantly to pull out those silver needles. "I almost forgot that I had to pull out the needles." The iron bone clan leader's hand just fell on one of the needles, but Gu qiushu, who was silent, suddenly held out his hand and blocked it in front of him. When he saw him, he looked at him subconsciously, and his smile still did not fade away. 

He pursed his lips, his face was frosty, and his eyes drooped. "You go on with the needle. 

Eh? Didn't the fairy say he wanted to be courteous? 

"suddenly, I didn't want to. 

Gu qiushu said this cold, waiting for clear shrug, do not care to continue, his line of sight fell on the person in front of him again. He watched the tiny drops of sweat coming out over time. 

And looking at the time of the clear Kui wrinkle more and more fierce, clear and good-looking eyes also gradually a little more trance. 

But even so, when he was given the needle, the well maintained, slender and white hands never shook for a moment. 

At the moment, Gu qiushu really believed that Shiqing just wanted to cure the disease and save people. 

He could have closed his eyes and pretended not to see, or he could start reciting the Tao Te Ching in his heart to calm down. But I do not know how, the eyes can not control the fall on this strange person. 

Time goes by bit by bit. 

Finally, the person in front of him was greatly relieved, and a smile appeared on his face. 

This smile is different from what he showed before. There is no frivolity, no prank, only full of relaxation and happiness. However, Gu qiushu didn't just notice that the smile was totally innocent. 

He also saw Shi Qing's pale face and his lips shaking slightly when he spoke. However, it was just like this. He was indifferent in his eyes, and even hummed a song. He took down Gu qiushu's silver needles one by one. 

"All right. 

When the last silver needle was taken down, he was supposed to have unlimited vitality in front of him. Looking at the iron bone patriarch who was similar to a young man, he relaxed a little and stood up with a tired and pale look. 

In the past, Gu qiushu hated those who invited merit most. 

I just feel that this kind of person does everything with a purpose. 

But now he got up slowly and looked at Shiqing's complacent look, and he felt that he was very frank and lovely. 

The fairy in white has long been used to being cold and quiet. Even if he doesn't repel him, his voice is still cold and clear: "thank you very much. 

"It's rare that we can hear the word" thank you "from Gu Xianchang. 

The people in front of him laughed more and more happily and publicized. However, before he had a few laughs, he shook his body and fell back. Almost subconsciously, Gu qiushu stepped forward and caught Shi Qing with both hands. 

"Shiqing?!" 

he didn't realize it, but he still had some eagerness in his always cold tone. 

he didn't find it, but Shi Qing did. 

His body is weak, and he is not affectable. He lies in Gu qiushu's arms with a white face. He looks like he has no strength, but he still doesn't change his provocative temperament. 

Pale lips, but also smile to ask, "fairy, how do you care about me? Is it not that I am really enchanted and fascinated you? Gu qiushu was so upset that he could not explain the unknown way in his heart. With a cold face, he used to yell," when are you still like this? "As soon as his words were spoken, he was stunned by the tone of 

, which he always had only for his close younger generation. 

Like Yezi. 

Gu qiushu has been addicted to cultivation since he was a child, and he has a weak temperament. Although he has not seen many disciples with him, he does not care much for him. Naturally, he is not as strict as Ye Zi. However, his unique way of care is that Ye Zi can't see through his martial uncle's cold face It's not "ah, Shuai Shu really cares about me": it's "boo woo woo, I've provoked Shuai Shu again.". 

Every time I was trained, I lost myself for a while. 

Gu qiushu is not good at communicating with others, but he is extremely intelligent. He realizes that every time he cares about his younger generation, his expression is very gloomy. When he does not understand, he will deliberately restrain himself. 

There are so many things happening today that he blurts out subconsciously 

Gu qiushu is stunned, and then he catches Shiqing's hand tightly. 

Even the disciples of tianyanzong didn't like to hear this kind of words, not to mention Shiqing, the iron bone patriarch who had been pampered since childhood and had never suffered a little. 

The white fairy's eyes were slightly dim, but Shi Qing was not as angry as he thought. Instead, he stretched out his arm with a smile and climbed up to Gu qiushu's shoulder. 

I just spent some energy and couldn't speak anymore. Since we met, the fairy has always been cold to me. Now how do you care about me? 

Gu The autumn tree was slightly stunned. 

In the bosom of eyes, the person who is smiling at him slightly. 

He paused and said, "you're doing this for me. 

Who says I'm doing it for you? Is Shiqing the kind of person who goes to bed without benefit? 

Shi Qing patted the white fairy on the shoulder and treated his subordinates with an attitude of "always holding me tired and not tired. I just used some energy and had to have a good rest. 

Gu qiushu didn't say a word, but he was very honest under his feet. He carried people to the bedside. 

Cold face, cold eyes, but under the light can not be light, slowly will be in the arms of the people on the bed Yang. 

When Qing came to the bed, he was restless, and looked at the man standing beside the bed with his chin up. 

Fairy, has anyone told you that your heart is too soft. 

Gu qiushu was cold faced and 

when he saw this, he said, "I have a high generation, and since I was a child, my disciples at the bottom of the mountain are afraid of me like a tiger 

this is the truth. 

Gu qiushu himself knows that those little disciples are afraid of him 

although today's Yanzong disciples are thinking about him one by one, it is also because everyone has been arrested. For them, Gu qiushu is their backing. 

If you really go back to tianyanzong, the place Gu Qiucun walked through is almost silent, which is quite understandable. 

Gu qiushu has a high seniority and a cold face. The most important thing is that he is a genius. Since he was brought back by the leader of Tianyan sect, his practice has gone thousands of miles. 

For those little disciples who have problems in their practice, they are learning dregs. Gu qiushu is the Xueba of Xueba. 

combined with the suppression of seniority, are not they afraid to make mistakes in front of him? They just forget that Gu qiushu's seniority is high, but he himself is only 25 years old. 

in the practice world, 25-year-old definitely belongs to I'm younger. 

In many of the Xiuzhen world tombs, 25-year-old people are still regarded as children by their elders. 

Poor Gu qiushu grew up alone. The younger disciples were afraid of him. He was not the kind of person who would deliberately please others. It's no wonder that now he just noticed the little care hidden under the cold face of this guy. Gu qiushu's spirit fluctuated so much. Shiqing deliberately prolonged his voice, "it's just that they don't know. Gu Xianchang, your heart is softer than any of them." 

Gu qiushu said nothing. 

Seeing Shi Qing, she suddenly frowned and covered her head. Her eyebrows slightly wrinkled. She stepped forward and sat by the bed. 

"what's the matter with you? 

nothing. It's just a waste of energy. 

When Qing put down his hand, it was not like before that temperament, deliberately take their own tired out to look for Gu qiushu reward. 

Instead, he used a kind of understatement: "I am a mortal, which can't compare with you who practice. If you give needles at will, you can make me suffer from this. 

Gu qiushu frowned. "You said before, pharmacist 

" yes, pharmacist. 

Shi Qing showed him his hand and said, "do you see the red line on it? It's yours. If I cure you, my life will increase a lot. 

he pointed to the white beside it." this one belongs to your nephew. 

Gu qiushu looked at the long and thin red line and the place pointed by Shiqing.Clearly, it is a blank. 

There is no red line here. 

Well, yes, because your nephew's illness is too small. 

Shi Qing shook his arm at Gu qiushu and laughed wantonly. "Thank you very much, immortal. I could have lived three more days because I helped him get rid of the pain for three days. 

I'm so happy to live for three days again. 

Gu qiushu pupil a shock, unbelievable look to still smile when Qing. Shi Qing can only live for three days? 




 A red line, three days of life. 

Gu qiushu fixed looking at the red line, in the end what is thinking in his mind, even his own are not clear. He raised his eyes, eyes complex look to clear. 

"Then why did I just say that I would not let you cure him, but you would not cure him again? 

if he had followed his words just now, would he not have been able to live for three days, would he not have died? 

just think about it, Gu qiushu is full of fear. 

After a second of fear, he was stunned. 

No, he had nothing to do with Shiqing. He frowned slightly and told himself that it must be because he would die if he didn't let him. This is the cause and effect that hinders his practice, so he is afraid. 

He was afraid of the incident just now, but he was not affected by it. His face was still smiling, as if his own death and immortality were just a small matter. 

If Gu Xianchang doesn't let me treat you, can I force you to do it? 

he lifts up his black hair and laughs more than a goblin. "The pharmacist treats the patient and saves the patient. If the patient is not allowed to be treated, I will be cured. "So, what did you arrest us for? 

" I only said that I would not force you to let me cure you, and I did not say that I would not arrest you to be locked up. Anyway, as long as you are here, sooner or later, I will be cured by me. 

Gu qiushu has nothing to say. 

Shiqing's attitude was too straightforward. He suddenly had a flash of light. He looked down at the red line on Shiqing's arm and asked, "did you lie to me for what you said just now? 

yo, you are smart, and you know that I'm deceiving him. 

when Qing's face is still the same, it has not changed, and is not flustered." if the immortal thinks so, I will admit it. 

In the world, how can you cheat people to increase their life span. 

However, the more he admitted, Gu qiushu looked at him with a smile on his face and didn't put it in his heart. On the contrary, the more he believed him. 

Bi jingshiqing's mental image has left an impression on him. 

What this man said can't be taken seriously. 

after placing such a label in his heart, he looked at the red line and asked, "how do you know your life span? 

" naturally, I know my own body, not to mention I am a pharmacist. 

Shi Qing moved his hand and waved it. He picked up the tail of his eye and looked at Gu qiushu with a smile. "Immortal, you can't take a look at it for a while. Why do you still want to hold on to my hand? 

Gu qiushu's body was stiff, and then he found that he had been holding on to Shi Qing's wrist. 

When he was so close to people, he quickly let go and carried the long hand he had just touched with Shiqing's wrist to his back. 

The appearance of this pair of hide one's ears and steal one's bell is really how to see how lovely in Shi Qing's eyes. 

Fairy. 

"I think I like you the most among the Xianmen children. I've cured them one by one in the past three days. After they've been cured, I'll let you out and give you three puppets. How can you treat them? 

Gu qiushu twisted his eyebrows and looked at him with a cold voice Why give it to me. 

"Naturally, I want to find a good master for them. 

"You are their master 

seeing Gu qiushu's serious appearance, he chuckled and showed him the red line on his arm 

immortal, I'm going to die in three days. If I don't find a new owner for them before I die, they will die with me. 

Gu qiushu slightly pursed his lips, and his eyes contained complicated "puppets are dead things.". 

For you, it's not the same for me. 

Shi Qing still smiles, but his eyes show a bit of sadness: "after my father died, only these puppets will treat me sincerely, although they have no heart. 

You are the leader of the iron bone sect, and the disciples will follow your example. 

Listen to Gu qiushu's words, when Qing is really smiling. 

Xianchang, are you tianyanzong's disciples so naive? I'm a useless man who depends on my father. If there were not such three puppets, you would think they would pay attention to me? I didn't know where I would have died. 

Gu qiushu frowned. Although he didn't agree, he didn't speak because he didn't understand tieguzong. 

Shi Qing continued to say, "as a mortal, I have enjoyed what I should enjoy in my life. So many practitioners have respected me in a high position, and I am quite content to die. However, these puppets have protected me. If I die with me, my heart is still not good. He patted Gu qiushu on the shoulder. This time, although the fairy in white still frowned, he did not dodge away. He only listened to Shiqing quietly. "Originally, I wanted you to see if I could save another wave, but now it seems that although pharmacists can go, the life span that can be added is still too small. I saved Xiaoye, but only half an hour's life. If I want to live like this, I have to constantly look for the sick people to treat them.In front of him, his face seemed to be young, and his beautiful white face was full of ridicule: "if I had to run around for life all my life, I might as well let me die. 

In short, it seems that you are the best, immortal, and I like you very much. My three puppets will be left for you. When the time comes, you can treat them well 

Ding! Gu qiushu's rejection degree is 75 out of 100 

when Shi Qing finished, Gu qiushu's lips moved slightly, as if to say something, but did not say it. Only on the good-looking but cold face, it was still the original cold and light look 

but a pair of dark eyes, always staring at him. 

He didn't wait to see Gu qiushu's reaction. He stretched his back and waved the red line on his arm to the fairy in white with a smile. "In a word, thank the fairy for letting me have three more days. OK, I'm going to treat those children. Don't worry, I'm going to die anyway. I won't do anything to them. 

I teased you intentionally before Your reaction is very interesting. You have been wronged to live here for three days. After three days, the medicine I refined for you will be good. When you drink the medicine, you can get rid of the pain of breaking muscles and veins forever. 

He smiles wantonly, just like a typical child who has been spoiled and grown up. Therefore, he only cares about his own happy children. He is justifiable to take care of the autumn tree and don't care about himself. 

"Fairy, do you have to look at me so coldly? Anyway, I'm going to die. I'll give you a face. Don't take revenge on me, immortal." Seeing that he still looked at himself like that, Qing shrugged. "Well, I'm going to die anyway. You can see me as you like. See you in three days. 

The door closed. 

Shi Qing went out. 

Gu qiushu is still standing in place, a pair of eyes still fall at the door. 

He turned his head and looked at his sword. As soon as he reached out his hand, the sword, which was in common with him, flew into his hand. The fairy in white clenched the sword in his hand. Because he had been stripped of his hair band before, he could only spread his hair like a man. It was not only rude but also ugly. 

However, Gu qiushu's appearance is just like a fairy and a little messy beauty. 

the messy beauty frowns slightly and looks down at the sword in her hand, not knowing what she is thinking. After Shi Qing went out, he really went to the dungeon where the disciples of the immortal sect were closed. 

he moved a table, and the disciples of iron bone sect stood behind him, calling people one by one. 

At the beginning, these disciples were very afraid. When they were caught, they were very reluctant. But Ye Zi, he was successful by iron bone family chef circle powder, not only not afraid, but also a strong comfort them. Don't be afraid, Lord Shi just wants to see us a doctor. Don't you think I'm treated well? 

other disciples don't believe him very much. 

When Shi Qing caught them, who knows what other plot he had. 

the insect in Yezi's belly was really brought out in front of them, but who knows whether the insect was stuffed into their stomachs while they were eating before, and then said that they had caught it themselves. 

How can the iron bone clan not be afraid when they act like this. 

Lin Xingzhi stood up and said, "I will go. 

Anyway, even if there is something, he can remind younger martial brothers and sisters. 

When Lin Xingzhi was taken over, Shi Qing looked at him and was not very interested in whether the leg bone on your right side had been broken before? "

originally, Lin Xingzhi, who was originally a hero on the battlefield and faced the great demon king, looked on his face and said," you How do you know? 

"just take a look. 

Shi Qing directly began to write prescriptions on the paper. While writing, he said, "although your leg bone has been received, it has touched the muscles and veins, so when you practice, you always feel trapped. But when you walk out and walk around, it will be better. In fact, it is because of the leg bone. 

Take this medicine and go out for a hot spring. 

With a quick finish, he knocked on the table and signaled the disciples of the iron bone sect to take the people away. 

It took only three days for the disciples in the dungeon to change from a firm disbelief to a skeptical and finally grateful face. 

Shi Qing said that it took three days to treat them, that is, three days. 

Three days later, he went to the tianzihao dungeon with his three puppets. 

Fairy, I'm here. 

Gu qiushu sat on the couch and looked at the time when he pushed the door in. His face was a little tired, but his smile was still wanton. 

He murmured, "those disciples are not seriously ill. They add up to just one day of life for me. It doesn't make any difference. Come on, I'll give you the puppets. Will you take them. 

By the way, take this medicine first 

Gu qiushu does not move, quietly listening to him finish. 

It's not necessary. 

"It doesn't matter if you don't get rid of it. In the future, you will come to relieve my pain and give yourself a life as you did three days ago.





 The fairy sitting on the bed was surprised when he saw that he was a little uneasy. But soon, the uneasiness was covered by the coldness on his face. 

Still as expressionless as before. 

It's just like I didn't say anything. 

"Xianchang, are you serious? 

Shiqing didn't have any ecstatic look, just like before, he approached with a smile, and the hot breath between his breath spurted wine to Gu qiushu's neck. He looked at the fairy in white moved a little uneasily, which was really slight and could not be seen without looking carefully. 

Do you really want to keep this disease for me? 

he said vaguely, and Gu qiushu's ears were slightly red, and he said in a cold voice, "I have a hidden disease in my body. How can I do it for you. 

But I can cure you. You could have been cured directly by me. When the time comes, your muscles and veins will be repaired and unobstructed. You will not be afraid of any more pain in this life. " 

Shi Qing made it clear that he didn't mean to hide it at all. "But if you want to treat me slowly so as to prolong my life, if there is any accident in the future, what should you do about your illness. 

Gu qiushu did not change his face. 

"That's a lot. 

Shiqing leaned on his shoulder intimately, feeling that although the body of the other party was stiff, he did not dodge. His slender and beautiful fingers stretched out to count them for him 

"you see, if I am in a bad mood and don't want to cure you, or if I have an accident and die of heart, what should you do then 

" I advise you to drink this bowl of medicine You don't have to take medicine because I don't want to treat it. What Shi Qing said was reasonable, but Gu qiushu didn't hear a word. 

"If you really said so, you could have imprisoned me here for your own life and healed me every three days to continue your own life. Why tell me about this? 

" I'm too lazy to lie. " 

Shi Qing leaned on his shoulder. Even if he was talking about business, he could still find a chance to laugh and laugh. "Fairy, you seem to be a little weak, but I didn't expect this arm to explain it. Do you know the saying that wearing clothes is thin and taking off clothes has flesh? According to my visual inspection and previous research on you, you are in line with this sentence. 

Gu qiushu didn't understand, but he also knew that Shi Qing was talking about his own body, and his red earlobe became more and more red. 

He closed his eyes, looked like he didn't want to hear, and said in a cold voice, "it's settled that every three days, you can come to treat me. 

" this is not good, we are not relatives of 

he wants to deliver to the door, but Shiqing still intends to refuse. "Besides, you and I are men. How can I do well to disturb you once every three days in case you get married in the future Does the immortal couple care? "

Gu qiushu didn't move, just opened and closed his lips and replied," I'm a man of practice, and I won't marry a wife. 

"But I will. 

The fairy in white frowned slightly. 

In his ear was Shi Qing's voice, which was quite out of tune when he heard it. "I not only want to marry a wife, but also have a lot of dolls. When the time comes, wherever I go, there will be a pile of small dolls holding my legs and calling dad 

Gu qiushu's eyebrows are so wrinkled that he can kill flies. 

Although he still closed his eyes, his voice was full of disapproval. "Immortal couple can only have one person. If you marry many people, how can you say it? 

why can't you say that I am just a mortal, and those ordinary people also marry many? Isn't it just right for me to marry many people? 

by the way, immortal, do you know? Mortal world There are emperors. Their emperors are all three palaces and six courtyards, and three thousand harem ladies. What do you think I should follow his example? 

Gu qiushu opened his eyes, and his eyes fluctuated. 

"No fairy will promise you. 

I know, so I don't look for fairies, I look for mortals, and mortals will always promise me? Then, I will be able to have three thousand beautiful ladies in the harem, and I will be able to help you find them if you are interested. 

The fairy in White's breath has been a little disordered. 

Anger rose in his heart, but just as the anger rose, he found that Gu qiushu didn't understand why he was angry. 

It's just a matter of timing. 

Just though I think so, I still can't help but want to get angry. 

Finally, he couldn't help saying, "your life is so short that you don't want to practice well. 

"Well, it's rare anyway. It's better to eat early and have fun. 

By the way, Xianchang, do you think your tianyanzong disciples would mind having a dew affair with me? 

Gu qiushu said coldly, "the female disciples of tianyanzong will not like you. 

Don't you like me? It's rare. You seldom say such kind words. However, immortal, you are wrong. I didn't say that I want female disciples, but male disciples are not allowed? 

Gu qiushu's eyelashes trembled and looked at Shi Qing with some surprise. 

Yes, immortal, you may not find that your tianyanzong's little disciples are so lovely. I love them very much. But I thought that I would not live long before, so I didn't think much about it. Now that you are willing to help me extend my life, I'm not politeGu qiushu 

his usual bland breath has been completely disrupted, and now his chest has been more undulating. 

However, Shi Qing was still there and said, "I really think that you tianyanzong has many precious disciples. You are lovely; you are steady and arrogant. It's really hard for people to see you. I'm going to send them away in a few days. We can cultivate our feelings in these days. By the way, Xianchang, you are from tianyanzong. Do you know which of the younger disciples likes men? 

Gu qiushu was expressionless and almost squeezed three words out of his throat: "you have delusions 

don't do this. I don't force them to fight and suffer. I just feel that life is short and I want to find a more suitable man to spend this life with. Of course, it would be better if there were dozens of suitable men. 

When Shi Qing finished, he saw that Gu qiushu's spirit sword on one side had already vibrated slightly. It seemed that the spirit sword, which was in common with the master, was eager to fly out and hit him immediately. 

"Fairy, you are really stingy. OK, I know. Are you the junior martial uncle of tianxingzong? Naturally, you protect your disciples of tianyanzong. You don't want to be touched by me. Don't worry. I'm a man of integrity. If they don't get close to me, I won't be close to them. 

Well, I'm going to send them away tomorrow. Today, we'll have a meal together. Gu Xianchang, come with us?: 

Gu qiushu has built a valley for a long time, so it's impossible to eat. 

Moreover, he never liked such a lively scene. He only felt that he was out of place in such a lively scene. 

Subconsciously, he would say no. 

All of a sudden, he remembered what he had said just now. Immediately, this word was swallowed again. 

White fairy voice please cold "good. 

OK, then you can go out with me. Ah, fairy, do you think I'll go to tianxingzong to look for you or you can go to tieguzong to find me in the future. Once every three days, will we forget? Forget me and die. If I die, will you miss me? Probably not. Bi Jing, you never seem to have given me a good face, but Xianchang, I'll tell you seriously, you It's so lovely. If you die one day, I will miss you, so you'd better miss me. 

all the way, Shiqing is always talking and forcing me. 

Gu qiushu, who likes to be quiet, never says a word from the beginning to the end, so he allows him to speak all the way. 

I don't know why, the red earlobe is red again. 

Out of the dungeon, up to the top. 

Sure enough, the disciples of the iron bone sect are arranging. The disciples in other Xianmen clothes have a look here and there, or they can get together to eat fruit. 

After all, they were raised in a very good environment. When they found that they had been cured and Shi Qing said that he would send them back tomorrow, the pure disciples of the immortal sect were relieved one by one. 

Now this pair of appearance, it is very much like the previous received the post to go to other clan door to be a guest. 

Ye Zi was eating grapes. When he looked up, he saw that Shiqing and Gu qiushu burst out together. Bai Nen chubby face showed a happy look, and very lively ran to him. "Little martial uncle, patriarch, you are here too. 

When Qing smiles, he looks at the palm of his hand. 

Xiaoye, what do you want to eat? Show me. 

When I was eating grapes, Lord, I told you that the grapes were delicious. Why didn't tianyanzong's grapes taste so delicious? Could you tell me how these grapes were planted? I want to grow such delicious grapes after I go back. 

Master tiezong asked me how this kind of thing could happen to me. 

"Come on, feed me one. 

Ye Zi and Lin Xingzhi often feed like this, but they don't think there's anything wrong with them. They nod their heads happily and stretch out a grape with a smile to clear their mouth. 

Gu qiushu, who always stood still and did not say a word, suddenly stretched out his hand to stop the grape. 

He didn't go to see Ye Zi, and took the grapes from Ye Zi's hand and sent them to Shiqing's mouth. 

Ye Zi was stunned. He looked at his hands and looked at Shiqing, who was smiling and chewing grapes. He only felt that he was greatly shocked. 

Well, what's the matter? 

when Shi Qing finished eating, he looked at him with a smile and wanted to reach out to hook up with him. "Speaking of all, we have another delicious food in Tiegu sect. Let me take you to have a look. 

As soon as Ye Zi was happy, he was about to pass. As a result, Gu qiushu went up to him and pushed him aside. He stood beside him and let his hand fall on his shoulder. 

Ye Zi "

speaking of the little martial uncle, the patriarch had not told him where he needed treatment Skull bar 

right





 See Ye Zi with a strange line of sight looking at himself, Gu qiushu face expressionless look back in the past. 

Why do you look at me like this. 

Ye Zi also looked at Shi Qing's hand on Gu qiushu's shoulder and the little martial uncle in front of him, who never liked to be close to others. 

"Well Uncle, if you don't realize it, forget it. 

Gu qiushu slightly twisted his eyebrows, not quite understand what Ye Zi was saying. 

But soon he stopped paying attention. 

Because Shiqing saw Lin Xingzhi, he let go of his hand on his shoulder and ran to find Lin Xingzhi. 

XIAOLINZI. 

In the past of the Qing Dynasty, Lin Xingzhi was discussing with a disciple of a sect which had more miraculous drugs in the secret realm, and whether to go together next time. 

Suddenly heard the voice of Shi Qing, subconsciously turned around and saw that it was actually he who came towards him, and quickly arched in salute. 

As soon as he straightened up, he saw Gu qiushu coming, so he bent down again and saluted him again. 

What are you talking about? I just heard that Xiaolin, is your collar a little bit torn? "

Lin Xingzhi looked down in doubt and looked at his collar. After making sure that there was nothing, he said in a daze," No. 

after that, he subconsciously took a look at the collar. 

Seeing that the collar of the iron bone sect leader was torn, it was flabby and open, showing a large area of skin, and immediately said, "Lord, your collar is a little disordered. 

"Well, is it? 

in Qingming knew why, he looked down and invited Lin Xingzhi." why don't you help me sort it out? "Lin Xingzhi was stunned. 

But think about this, although there are some impoliteness, but since it is the other party's initiative to put forward the request, it is also OK. 

He saluted again, reaching for help. 

The fairy in white standing beside Shiqing suddenly turned around and stood in front of Shiqing, blocking Lin Xingzhi behind him. I'll come. 

Lin Xingzhi was watching the sun rise from the West and looked at the scene in front of him. 

Their little martial uncle of tianyanzong, who had never been in contact with others, took the initiative to help Shi Zong arrange his clothes. 

My God, is he poisoned or seeing hallucinations. 

Ye Zi Dian ran over and stood beside Lin Xingzhi, watching this scene with him. Elder martial brother, you think it's incredible, don't you think he hurt him? He just held out his index finger and pointed his brain at Lin Xingzhi No! As a junior, how can you talk about the elder in private. 

Shut up, can we talk about the matter of little martial uncle? 

Shi Qing listened to the two little disciples, raised his mouth slightly, looked at Gu qiushu, and quietly straightened his collar. 

It has to be said that Gu qiushu is an eyelash. 

He looked cold, in fact, the facial features on his face are quite perfect, no matter where, are beautiful, not like ordinary people. 

Especially the eyes. 

The long eyelashes are so thick that people are jealous. Oh, No. 

Shiqing is also an eyelash. 

He's not jealous. 

He used his eyes to appreciate the white fairy who helped him to tidy his collar, and then he asked quietly, "fairy, do you think it's unreasonable for you to act like this. 

Gu qiushu's face didn't change. "It's just to prevent you. 

Guard against me? 

Shi Qingming knew that he meant to guard against tianyanzong's disciples, but he still had to pretend to be confused: "what can I do to prevent? I don't mean any harm to you. Isn't Gu Xianchang aware of this for a long time? 

Gu qiushu slightly moved his eyelashes, Bai Lianxiu put down his big hand gently, raised his eyes to Shi Qing, and said in a cold voice," stay away from the disciples of tianyanzong 

I am far away from the disciples of tianyanzong 

This ferocious appearance is really very intimidating. 

However, Shiqing can not be deterred. 

He shrugged his shoulders. "Well, since the fairy maiden's wife is protecting the short, I don't want you tianyanzong's disciples to have anything to do with me, then I won't ask them to open." 

Gu qiushu slightly wrung eyebrows, always feel that when Qing so easily agreed, there must be fraud. 

Sure enough, as soon as the voice fell, Shiqing stopped a little disciple of another sect passing by. 

Xiao Lang Jun, you have some fragrance. Can you show me the spices in your purse? 

the little disciple was cured by Shi Qing before. Now he is full of worship for him. When he saw his idol talking to himself, he immediately nodded his head excitedly and untied the perfume, which was handed to Shi Qing. 

As a result, before the purse arrived, Shiqing had already been cut off by Gu qiushu. He was stunned, and then on Gu qiushu that cold very frightening sight.Younger disciple 

Gu qiushu "is not going down. 

The little disciple shivered and quickly saluted and ran away. 

Shi Qing took the purse from the white fairy's hand, and his expression was a little discontented. "I said, immortal, what do you mean? If you don't let me hook up with your Tianyan sect disciples, I have given you this face. Now I want to hook up with other sects, and you stop again. The disciple just now can't be your Tianyan sect's. 

Gu qiushu pursed his lips slightly. 

He didn't know why he wanted to stop Shi Qing. After thinking about it for a while, he could only be a reason. 

You are an elder. Why should you embarrass them. 

What is embarrassment? I didn't say that I wanted to force them to be friendly with me. I just wanted to exchange feelings. It's really bad for you, immortal. It's better for practitioners not to meddle in irrelevant people's affairs. " 

Gu qiushu clenched the sword in his hand. 

He didn't like Shi Qing saying that. 

But it is true that he is irrelevant to the time. 

If Shi Qing hadn't caught them for treatment this time, I'm afraid he would never have seen them in his life. 

when he saw them, Qing sniffed his purse, his eyes showed satisfaction, and his ruddy lips murmured opening and closing. "Sure enough, the fragrance is special, very wonderful. He said to Gu qiushu with a smile and a purse. "I like the fragrance. That disciple, I'll try it. Please don't stop me, otherwise it will be beyond the boundary." 

Gu qiushu stood in his place without saying a word. 

When he looked at it, Qing took the purse and found the little disciple again. They talked for a few words, and their faces were all smiling. 

The little disciple's eyes were bright, and he didn't know what Shi Qing said. He kept nodding. When Shiqing left, Gu qiushu still looked at the little disciple. 

Shi Qing returned the purse to him. 

Then he put the purse back on his waist. 

did Shi Qing praise him for the fragrance of the purse? 

Gu qiushu walked over, took out the spirit stone and directly sent it to the little disciple. 

As soon as I raised my eyes, I saw such a cold person standing in front of me, and I was shocked. Before reaction, Gu qiushu said coldly, "this, buy your purse. 

Little disciple "??? 

seeing that the elder of tianyanzong was still looking at him, he responded and quickly took off the purse and handed it to Gu qiushu. 

"Here, here you are 

Gu qiushu took the purse and gave him the spirit stone. He was scared to run away like a mouse when he saw a cat. The fairy in white looked down at the purse, got to the tip of his nose and sniffed it. It was really a fragrance. 

He took off the jade pendant on his waist without expression and hung the purse on it. 

Ding! Gu qiushu's rejection degree is 65 

Shi Qing sits in the corner, picks up a grape and throws it into his mouth. He looks at the baiqiu tree standing in the same place as a wood. Man, tut tut. 

The system suddenly brings up the host, and some unidentified people surround the ancestral gate. When 

, the system calculates the time. 

It should be the elders of those disciples who came to save people 

don't worry about them if you have nothing to do. 

Tieguzong put on a banquet, and everyone was eating noisily. 

Outside, almost all the suzerain masters of the Xiuzhen world came. Are the younger brothers really caught in the iron bone clan? 

absolutely true. 

The faces of the lords were very ugly, but none of them retreated. 

"No matter how many puppets of tieguzong, we must win this war." no way, the most beloved children in the family are all in it. 

There are their sons, their own disciples, one by one they were brought up by them. It is no exaggeration to say that it is their continuation and inheritance. 

But the iron bone sect is really deceiving people. 

Jing ran directly caught their little brothers here. 

It's a pity to think about it. 

I don't know what kind of sufferings those young people suffered in it. 

One of the patriarchs was Laolaizi. He raised him carefully and taught him carefully. He finally got up and his foundation was stable. Then he let him go out and let him experience. 

What he thought was that his son was too young, and his accomplishments were not enough. He was not sure where he would go to experience. But this time, his experience was different. This time, however, the direct descendants of various major sects were there. 

With so many people around, his son must be OK. 

As a result, who could have thought that something had happened just once. 

In addition, the iron bone clan, which had three puppets during the robbery period, did a good job. 

When he thought that his old son might be suffering from various kinds of torture, he didn't know what evil things the iron bone clan was going to do on his son. 

"Don't worry. I've brought the elixir. As long as they still have a breath, I'm sure I can get them all back. This iron bone sect is really hatefulA group of people hid their bodies and quietly went to the iron bone sect. 

Then, open the door. 

As soon as the door is opened, the excitement inside is revealed. 

in the room, the children of Xianmen sit at the banquet, and there are people dancing in front of them. Ha ha ha ha ha, that's exactly what happened. 

This is delicious. Come on, brother. 

"Shall we go out and have a look at the scenery in a moment? Eh, elder martial brother, do you want to go to the toilet? Take me a 

who is it? It's so cold outside and the door is open Father? Master? Elder martial brother, don't drink it. Here comes the master. 

"Grandfather, how did you come?" 

filled with sadness, the patriarchs who decided to fight for the safety of these children did not know why, and suddenly wanted to beat these little children





 The situation is still quite embarrassing. 

The singing and dancing had been stopped by Shiqing, but the fruits and melon skins covered with tables, and the children of various immortal sects ate half of the spirit fruit wine and vegetables, as well as a few drunken people. When they saw the elders, they knew that the red faced and smiling disciples could not stop taking them away. 

All of them are very famous in the Xiuzhen world, but now they are all wearing clothes that are easy to move, with weapons on their bodies and seal characters. 

Uninvited appeared at the door of the hall of iron bone sect. 

And they look at each other, is the previous second is still happy young people. 

The lords were silent. 

The younger generation called people, looking at the look of their elders who wanted to hit people, but also did not dare to approach. 

Shi Qing first responded, stood up and laughed, and asked with a good attitude, "the Lords, are you here to visit me? The time is just right. 

Dear lords, how can we say that. 

They call to fight and kill, to fight with each other, but also to save their children's Quasi governor. As a result, the children of their family are eating, drinking and having fun. 

Fight. No reason. 

It's a shame to scold. 

Retreat. How can you retreat when you see it. 

Or the most prestigious leader of Tianyan sect opened his mouth and directly asked, "master Shi, this is the disciple of our sect who is invited to visit your sect? Why don't you tell me in advance that we can find a good meal during this period of time. 

"Shi Qing shrugged." I thought, I just asked them to come. I didn't want to tell the elders. 

"And you didn't ask. 

Ladies and gentlemen, this is true. 

The main reason is that they found that their children were missing. After searching for nothing, they found a circle and locked the iron bone sect. 

Because tieguzong didn't say hello to them, and they took people away quietly. How could the patriarchs think that "the iron bone sect just invited the disciples to be guests. 

Of course not. 

If asked, it's not to let the iron bone clan know that they have already known that their children have been arrested? Proper to scare the snake. 

It's better to hit the other party by surprise. 

it's just that they didn't expect that they had a surprise attack on them. 

They nervously analyzed and got together to discuss for a long time what to do. They also prepared the weapon at the bottom of the box, and decided to fight it out. As a result, these disciples! 

these disciples competed in the silence of HIPPI. 

The patriarch was smiling, but he did not smile. He gritted his teeth and looked at his only son, "Sanhua, since you are a guest of iron bone sect, why don't you send a letter to your father. 

Named young disciple " Baby, baby Forget 

At that time, he received the death ray from his father 

the other little disciples were similar. 

The expression of the lords at the moment is quite consistent. 

With the general feeling of making a secret, he looked coldly at his disciple's grandson, great grandson. 

Do you forget too? 

disciples 

this really can't blame them. 

When they were just arrested, they really wanted to send a message to their elders for help, but they couldn't send a message in the dungeon. Every time they sent it, they would fall down against the wall. 

Later, they ate and drank well, and one by one they were removed from their bodies, and they forgot about this crop. 

Today, Shiqing said that he would send them back and hold a banquet. Everyone was busy watching songs and dances, eating fruits and laughing at each other. Of course, there is a lot of responsibility for this. 

After all, he said that he would send these disciples back, and the disciples thought that they would go back soon, so they couldn't remember the mission of missionary. 

The group of disciples carefully looked at their elders, and were afraid to speak. 

They feel afraid and embarrassed, but their elders are more embarrassed than them. 

After all, they had no communication, so they just slipped in and opened the door wide 

What's more, it's embarrassing to say that they can't see people all their lives. 

What's better is that there are other patriarchs accompanying them. 

If we bear together, we will feel better. 

Although the leader of tianyanzong also felt ashamed, he still felt that something was wrong. 

If tieguzong wants to treat, he can just post directly. What can he do so quietly and directly capture the young people? This fact is strange 

when he looks at it, his eyes are slightly narrowed. 

Shiqing was the leader of the iron bone sect. Even a mortal, he was the same generation as them. The leader of Tianyan sect clasped his fist. "Since it was a misunderstanding, can we take our disciples back? 

naturally, as long as they want, they can go at any time.Shiqing leaned on his position lazily and made a gesture of asking for help. 

Those students who had expected him to help him plead for help showed disappointment on their faces and hung their heads under the strict eyes of their elders. 

The male elders were all right. Even if they were angry, they didn't show up in front of them. 

the female patriarch directly grabbed the disciple's ear and yelled, "don't you know how worried I am? I don't know if you want to frighten death as a teacher by sending a message back. 

Master NBS, I'm wrong. Oh, master, let go, and my ear will fall off. 

The female disciple cried out pain and looked at Shi Qing for help. 

Shiqing didn't live up to her expectations and said, "don't blame the tobacco Lord. It's normal for children to forget to play." 

Female disciple 

wuwuwuwushi, are you adding fuel to the fire. 

Lin Xingzhi took tianyanzong's disciples to the leader of tianyanzong and saluted the master. "Are all my tianyanzong disciples here? 

" already all 

Lin Xingzhi stopped suddenly and looked back at "where is Ye Zi? 

" here I am, master. 

The young man with a chubby face didn't notice his master's strict sight. He came forward with grapes full of bumps and made fun of his elder martial brother and master. 

The grapes are delicious. I'll take them back and leave seeds. 

The leader of tianyanzong was unfortunate. How could he raise such a greedy apprentice? 

just about to retreat, he suddenly twisted his eyebrows, glanced at the disciples of tianyanzong and asked, "where's your little martial uncle? 

little martial uncle? 

Lin Xingzhi was also stunned. He didn't see the shadow of the younger martial uncle, so he turned around and saw Gu Qiu, who was standing in the original place Trees. 

Gu qiushu's eyes trembled slightly, and his face still had no expression. He saluted the elder martial brother 

to this gifted little younger martial brother, the expression of tianyanzong patriarch was much better than that of his disciples, and his face showed a smile 

younger martial brother, are you ok? 

just this sentence reminds Gu qiushu of the happenings of these days in a flash It's about. 

He was caught in the dungeon, molested, and treated by force. Then, he looked at the bold and fearless iron bone patriarch who simply gave up and continued to live. 

So relaxed, as if to put the life, for him, it was as simple as giving up the small flowers picked in his hands. 

Then there was the very cheeky words. 

Like a blooming flower, wantonly exudes the fragrance of his body, trying to attract people to his side. 

Shi Qing said he wanted to spend his life with a man. 

Gu qiushu did not speak all the time, but stood there in silence. The emperor of tianyanzong didn't have any strange look. 

Anyway, he has been used to his younger brother's appearance for a long time. 

As long as people are OK. 

OK, we are all ready. Let's go back to zongmen. 

One by one, the disciples realized the intention of their elders to go back and teach them again. One by one, their heads drooped, but no one dared to object. 

Each clan leader took his disciples out, and finally tianyanzong. 

Gu qiushu stood where he was, watching Lin Xingzhi go out, Yezi out, and the last tianyanzong disciple. 

The elder martial brother noticed that he didn't catch up with him. He was standing at the door and looking at him with doubts. "Younger martial brother? 

the fairy in white turned back and looked at Shi Qing, who was still sitting in the same place. 

The seats in the lobby were empty. The excitement just now seemed like an illusion. However, Shiqing, the master of the iron bone sect, was still sitting in the position just now, playing with a wine cup in his hand. 

Seeing Gu qiushu, he had a familiar evil smile on his face. 

Fairy, I'll see you in the future. " 

Gu qiushu did not reply to him and left without turning around. 

He is just under the sight that elder martial brother does not understand, still fixed looking at Shi Qing. 

Shi Qing said to him that he wanted to find personal company. 

At that time he couldn't understand, but now, he seems to understand. 

Now the mess is full, but all the people are gone. Only this man is still sitting in his place. 

Seemingly inexplicably desolate and lonely 

Gu qiushu suddenly thought of the time when Shiqing caught them at the beginning. 

He always came to tease him and said that the younger disciples were more fun than him. 

Is it in the eyes of the man who was born the little master of the iron bone sect, and only the puppet accompanies him after his father's death, these people are not only for his treatment. 

Also made the meaning of company. 

Now, all of them who came to accompany him are leaving. 

Younger martial brother? Are you still going? 

the leader of tianyanzong didn't know what the younger martial brother was thinking, and was still urging him. 

Without saying a word, Gu qiushu suddenly turned back and looked at him."I'm not going. 

Lord tianyanzong "??? 

" what do you say? "

elder martial brother, I will not leave. 

Gu qiushu's voice was more resolute this time, and the cold look in his eyes seemed to take a trace of determination. In the ghost like look of tianyanzong, he walked to Shiqing step by step. 

Sitting beside him 

I want to stay in tieguzong and ask him to cure me 

the leader of Tianyan sect 

he looked at Shi Qing, who knew that he was a mortal in the whole cultivation world, and then looked at his slender, good-looking younger martial brother. 

What to treat? 

for? Do you think you are crazy, younger martial brother.





 When Gu qiushu said that he wanted to stay, Shiqing was also surprised. 

When he saw that the leader of tianyanzong was already angry and was about to go to heaven, he said with great kindness: "don't worry about this, I can go to tianyanzong every three days to treat you. It won't take long. I'm a puppet and I can do it very quickly. 

With that, he found that Gu qiushu's face seemed to be colder. 

When seeing, Qing's eyes seemed to stare at him. 

Shi Qing is innocent. 

He was kind enough to help Gu qiushu speak. Tut Tut, he has been practicing since childhood. He doesn't know anything about the world. The leader of tianyanzong didn't expect that Shiqing could release people on his own initiative. 

Although Shi Zongzhu's attitude has been very good since they came here, his years of experience in the cultivation of the true world tells him that Shi Qing is not as talkative as he seems to be. 

Younger martial brother, you've heard that. First come back to zongmen with me. I have something else to ask you. 

when the leader of tianyanzong said this, he didn't think Gu qiushu would refuse himself. 

After all, although Gu qiushu looks cold in the eyes of others, as his senior brother, the leader of tianyanzong is very clear. Gu qiushu is very obedient. 

At least he is obedient to his elder brother. 

Look at the past, he asked Gu qiushu to practice well. The child really practiced day and night, and just turned himself into a big popsicle. Before his younger brother became a popsicle, the tianyanzong patriarch still taught his disciples according to his own educational philosophy. 

When he found that his younger brother had been taught like this, he did not dare to follow the teaching method as before. Although Lin Xingzhi was taught in the same way, what if. 

So Ye Zi was cultivated as an innocent, lively and lovely foodie. 

To now, occasionally think of this past, tianyanzong patriarch will regret for a while. 

Now that he has many disciples, he can see clearly. 

Younger martial brother, this is clearly his temperament. 

However, obedience is very obedient. 

thinking of this, the Lord of tianyanzong felt a little comforted. 

he stood there confident, waiting for his younger martial brother to come to his side and return to the sect with him. Gu qiushu did not move. 

"I'll stay here. 

The leader of Tianyan clan is not a good person, nor is he without a family. He has to stay in other people's clan to do something. 

Younger martial brother, you see, the patriarch is busy with his affairs. If you really have anything to ask him to do, we'd better go back some other day. 

No matter what he said, Gu qiushu never wavered, his attitude was firm, his face was cold and he stood still. 

The Lord of Tianyan sect "

ah, this makes him lose face. 

Forget it, forget it. 

Although Gu qiushu is cold-blooded, he is not indifferent to right and wrong. He is determined to stay. From another perspective, the iron bone sect should not be dangerous. 

Since you want to stay, please stay. 

pass notes on your body? 

Gu qiushu nodded and said, "on your body. 

Well, if there's something, just give it to me. "The Lord of tianyanzong finished and bowed his hand to Shi Qing." my younger martial brother asked him to take care of him. " 

It's easy to say. 

When Qing smiles like a fox who has stolen a chicken, leaning against the position. 

When he watched, the patriarch went out. He waved his hand to let the disciples of the iron bone sect go down 

time. In this big place, only he and Gu Qiucun were left. 

Fairy, come and have a drink with me. 

Gu qiushu silk Bo hesitated to come forward, sat beside Shiqing, his face was still cold, a pair of eyes was watching when Qing pulled up his wide sleeve to pour wine for himself. 

When the wine was ready, Shiqing picked up his glass with one hand and handed the other one to the past. 

Gu qiushu took over the wine cup, and when he saw it, he drank it all at once, learning from him. 

When Qing continued to pour wine, a pair of slightly red eyes because of drinking wine picked on the tail and looked at the fairy in white. 

Immortal, why do you want to stay here? Don't you hate me very much? 

Gu qiushu sits upright and "no 

there is no such thing. You have avoided me like a snake and scorpion before, and treated me as a monster." 

This is spirit wine. Shi Qing's body was originally a mortal. After drinking, he couldn't stand it. He immediately showed a flush on his face. He held up his chin and didn't drink any more. He only looked at the people in front of him in a daze. 

Gu qiushu looks at already is a pair of intoxicated him, the lip moved slightly. 

The voice is still cold, but it seems to have a different meaning: "not now. 

"Not now, that is to say before? 

people in front of me smile more and more sweetly, and smile happily and ask the crime." fairy, am I not good to you? Why do you hate me? 

Gu qiushu clenched the hilt of the sword, because he came up to ask himself, and some helpless want to lean back, but did not know what he thought of. He forced himself to stop in the original place.Two people then so close contact, almost no matter which one moves forward slightly, can touch each other. 

Gu qiushu is not good at explaining, but he tries to argue that "I have misunderstood you. 

"I know you misunderstood me. 

Seeing that his ears were red, he laughed and leaned back to open the distance between him and the other party. 

Gu qiushu looked at him no longer as close as before. On the surface, he was a pine, but he was inexplicably lost. The pampered man in front of him seemed to have been completely drunk and began to blame him in a muddle headed way. 

you are a pig's hoof. You have no conscience. You hate me every time. Every time, Gu qiushu doesn't understand. When he says that he wants to fall back, he quickly reaches out his hand to catch him. 

"Pig hooves What is it? Is it a monster? Shi Qing sighed and patted his shoulder 

the pig's hoof is you. 

He felt a little drunk, too. 

It's not fake. It's really drunk. 

He asked Gu qiushu, "why did you just stay? You shouldn't have stayed.". 

Gu qiushu held him, feeling the ups and downs of the breath of the man in his arms, and his eyelashes trembled. He told the truth, "just now, I think you are very lonely." are you kidding me? Shiqing? I will be lonely? 

Shiqing laughs at his innocence. 

He was buried in Gu qiushu's arms, and his stomach ached with laughter. 

The fairy in white hugged him in silence, and suddenly stretched out his slender white fingers and gently wiped away a little tear from the corner of his eyes. Shiqing stopped laughing. 

This is what I laugh at. 

"I know." 

Well, you know. 

He patted his face 

to sober me up. 

Ding! Hello, your system is not online. Press 1 to automatically reply to 666, press 2 to reply to hum, and press 3 dial points to watch TV. 

Time clearing 

is unreliable. 

He dominates these worlds, hardly trying to rely on the system. As a result, he rarely needs to use it. This stupid guy is not online. Gu qiushu looks at Shiqing. 

See him again showed that kind of let oneself want to comfort the look, inexplicable in the heart, a pull of the pain. 

Shi Qing, what's wrong with you? 

"it's OK. 

Shi Qing poured wine for himself, smiling like a fox, full of charm. Looking at Gu qiushu, his sight was full of emptiness. "I knew that you were not reliable. 

The fairy in white, who was labeled as unreliable, didn't refute. He just pulled Shiqing's sleeve carefully to make him sit still and not fall down. 

When Qing not only ungrateful, but also very disgusted to grasp his hand, control the other hand fell in his palm. 

If you want to grab it, grab my hand. Grab the sleeve. 

He said and drank another glass of wine. 

Gu qiushu slightly frowned, see when Qing finished drinking still pour wine, the first initiative to move, stopped him. You can't drink it. 

Do you care about me? When I want to drink 

, Shi Qing could have played tricks. He knew that Gu qiushu would eat this set, but drunkenness made him have a lower limit of IQ. Now he is not doing so. Instead, he is eager to give Gu qiushu a fist. 

Gu qiushu You look like you want to hit me. 

"Yes, that's right. You're right." 

Shi Qing readily admitted that "I just want to beat you 

the fairy in white" 

he recalled it carefully and found that he had been offending Shiqing. 

It seems normal that Shiqing wants to hit him. 

He closed his eyes, his voice was still cold and light, "since you want to fight, you can fight. When Qing a fist to his arms, but no force. 

It is pressing his heart and feeling the faster and faster heart beat 

you are really upset, why do you hate me every time. 

Gu qiushu didn't know what he was saying, but instinctively explained that "it was because you were caught in the dungeon; I thought you had a bad heart. I'm sorry. 

Bored to death, bored to death, every time. 

Do you hate it every time? 

Gu qiushu can't remember it any more. Did he hate Shi Qing every time? 

soon, he didn't want to think about it any more. 

Shi Qing's palm is just like exploring the general, caressing the place of falling fist. 

No one had ever been so close to him, but he did not like it. He even felt that the Qing Dynasty had made him feel pity. 

Gu qiushu stiff body, feel the other side that is too weak for him and warm palm close to his heart. 

He heard people in front of him were drunk, squinting their eyes, dragging their voices and saying words 

your heart beat very fast. I had thought of so many ways to make your heart beat faster, but you didn't cooperate. Now I don't need to make your heart beat faster, but you jump so fast and say you are not a pig's hoof.Look at you, just like a big piece of ice, you spit out word by word. Your face is cold enough to frighten people to death. All over the body are shortcomings. There is no merit at all. Who will like you? Who is the happiest one in this world? Only a fool likes you. 

Gu qiushu sat stiffly, and when he heard this, he moved his eyes slightly. 

"it's all right for me to practice with my heart and no one is happy. 

"Shut up. 

Gu qiushu shut up obediently and stopped speaking. 

This is what you hate. The more you look at it, the more boring you are, how can you be so annoying. 

When the mouth of the clear murmured. 

Complaining and complaining, the person who was complaining suddenly buried his head in his arms. He did not speak, nor did he move. He just held Gu qiushu. 

The fairy in white was stunned. 

He sat there stiffly and let the other party hold him. When he said, "I'm tired. 

Don't do that next time. 

Gu qiushu didn't know what Shi Qing was talking about, but after his eyes showed confusion, he still nodded 

I should answer you.





 Gu qiushu knows that he has been trapped in this vortex called "Shiqing". 

At first, Shi Qing just scolded him, complained about him and said something he didn't understand. 

With that, perhaps drunk, he began to undress. 

He not only takes off his own, but also touches the autumn tree. 

If Gu qiushu doesn't let him touch it, the person who talks incessantly after drinking wine will stand in place and stare at him with hatred. Some words like "pig's hooves, if I don't serve you, get out of here if you don't take it off.". 

Gu qiushu is the son of Xianmen. He was taught not to be rude outside. 

How could he 

look at a man pushing him with mortal strength and asking him to roll. 

He slowly untied his belt. 

After that, some things were out of control. 

At first, Shi Qing came forward to kiss him. 

This kiss doesn't contain * *, it's just a touch of a dragonfly. 

Shi Qing's expression was even misty, and he didn't realize what he had done. 

After that kiss, Gu qiushu couldn't control himself. 

He hugged each other and staggered to the top of the patriarch's position, on the top, did the things. 

It's a bit rational to start with. 

Thinking that Shiqing is a mortal, he can't be like this. Besides, the other party is still drunk. How can he take advantage of others' danger? It's shameless. Then the slender white tender arm of the iron bone sect master caught his neck 

Gu qiushu 

while condemning himself, he did the final. 

Although he was still drunk, Shi Qing was very cooperative. He only refused a few times and scolded him twice. He knew to do this kind of thing, and then indulged in it. 

after the night, Gu qiushu forced himself to restrain his heart and carefully carried the man with tears on his face into the house. Carefully scrubbed and cleaned for the occasional whimper, and put on new clothes for him, and put him in the warm and bedding. 

the white fairy dressed again straightened his back and knelt under the bed. 

Taking advantage of the danger, Shi Qing can punish him, even if he is killed. 

he sleeps soundly. 

He should have had a good sleep after he was drunk. He was drunk last night, but he still has sense. 

At that time, Gu qiushu was still very clear in his mind when an arm was hooked off. 

Exercise is good for sleep. 

Who knows why he didn't expect Gu qiushu to be a practitioner at that time. Well, I didn't sleep all night. I was tossed for half a night. 

He really cried in the face of qiushu yesterday, and he didn't feel happy at all. 

When doing the task, Shi Qing's tears are just coming. It's a small matter for him to pretend to be weak. But he did cry, and he felt uncomfortable all over. 

As a result, the animal made him cry again, relying on his strong physical strength. 

Shi Qing kneaded his eyebrows and got up slowly. He thought that Gu qiushu was so cold that he would be happy before his popularity dropped to 50. I'm afraid he would be scared to run back to tianyanzong. 

Forget it, he didn't want to play anyway. 

If this mission fails, then fail. 

As soon as he sat up, he saw Gu qiushu kneeling under the bed and looked at him as well as Shi Qing. 

What are you doing on your knees? 

Gu qiushu pursed his lips slightly. "Last night, I'm sorry. 

"It's OK. I enjoyed it anyway. 

When Shi Qing lifted the quilt and moved a little, he felt uncomfortable all over his body. His body was a little stiff. He didn't show anything on his face and raised a smile. 

fairy, last night was an accident. Why don't you go back to tianyanzong first? 

Gu qiushu is acutely aware of Shiqing's rejection of him. 

I even want to avoid him. 

He didn't understand, but he understood. 

Holding the sword in his hand, Gu qiushu wants to say that he won't go, and he doesn't know how to say it. He can only kneel down in the same place every day and feel angry at the bottom of his heart. 

I was angry with Gu qiushu. 

They both went to bed. In his eyes, did they commit any serious crimes? They still knelt on the ground, waiting for their fate. 

The more you think about it, the more you think about it. 

System; system! Come out! 

it was the first time that Shi Qing spoke to the system in such a harsh tone, and the system almost immediately and cautiously appeared. 

Host, what, what's the matter? 

hearing its voice, Shiqing first breathes a sigh of relief for it's still alive, and then starts a teacher's inquiry. Where did he go last night? 

system [how can I detect that there is an error in the total data, it seems that there is some random code entering the data system. I went to check Host, don't be angry. I'm wrong, or I'll give you the spring palace script you always wanted?I don't want it. People avoid me like snakes and scorpions. What's the use of that. 

Shi Qing was angry this time, rather than he was angry because he was drunk and really cried. 

As soon as he thought that he had said so much to Gu qiushu Balabala, he almost didn't point to Gu qiushu's nose and said that he could not hate himself. 

It's just, it's a shame. 

If this guy wakes up, he doesn't know how to laugh at him. 

I'm not doing this world mission. Retreat. Now. 

For the first time, the system panicked the host. The world is so smooth. Isn't it a little early to retreat now? 

smooth ghost 

when Qing Qing saw Gu qiushu, who was kneeling and waiting for apology because they were in bed, he was angry. 

Don't do it. Retreat. You can see how much he likes. Now he is showing a deep feeling. 

As soon as the system spirit was shocked, I hastened to explain that it was not the host. I just came out. Before I could remember to report the degree of favoritism, I would report 

Ding! Gu qiushu's rejection degree 0 out of 100 

it was finished, and eagerly helped Gu qiushu to say good words. Host, you see, he doesn't pretend to like you, he really likes you. Hearing the rejection degree return to zero, Shi Qing's face finally looks better. 

Have you accumulated enough points? 

enough, last night. 

When Qing thought suspiciously for a moment, Gu qiushu, kneeling on the ground goodbye, though his face was still cold, his eyes were always looking at him, and there were some worries and shame hidden in them. At last, he felt better. 

All right, you go back. 

When the system left, Qingqiang stood up with a soft and sour body, facing Gu qiushu road and said, "get up. Gu qiushu saw that he was going to get angry if he didn't obey. He stood up obediently. 

"Do you like me?" Shi Qing asked, "do you like me? 

when I came up to ask such a hot question, the white fairy's eyelashes trembled. When he hesitated, Shi Qing said again, "tell the truth. 

Gu qiushu's lips moved slightly, but he still told the truth. 

he liked the sound of mosquito singing. If Shi Qing didn't take miraculous medicine all the year round, he would not have heard it in his mortal body. I just heard it. 

Hearing this, even Shiqing himself did not notice, his body slightly relaxed. 

Together with the body that had deliberately sat upright, they all relaxed slightly and leaned against the wall. 

"I said 

Gu qiushu looked at Xing's face in front of him and gradually turned to his familiar pride. 

How can anyone in the world not like me Shiqing. 

This is very exaggerated, his complacent look is also very much to beat. 

If you put it in the immortal gate, I'm afraid it's a total nuisance. 

But Gu qiushu also followed such a smile on his face. 

Although Shi Qing's appearance is more publicized, he prefers to see him like this, rather than the lonely one who wakes up in the morning and looks at him with ostracism. 

Fairy, what do you like about me? 

when he was clear, he got up from the bed, took his clothes and put them on his body in front of Gu qiushu. 

Gu qiushu doesn't know what he likes. 

When he looked at him, he put on clothes one by one, and made his hair well. Finally, he became the bold and wanton patriarch of the iron bone sect. Then he said to you last night. Looking at it made me happy. 

Shi Qing was playing with his hairy hand and turned to look at him. 

"it seems that you like others to be sad. If I am sad, you like me. 

He quickly regained his composure, made a casual joke, and turned to his shoes on the bed. 

Gu qiushu said seriously, "I like you, but I don't want to see you sad. 

Shi Qing felt that this guy was sincere enough not to let him get dressed properly. 

he quickly got dressed, stood up and patted the white fairy on the shoulder. 

"I'm not sad most of the time, but I'll see you later. 

Then he went out. 

Gu qiushu stood in the same place, always felt that Shi Qing seemed to have something in his words, but he couldn't think of it for a long time. Finally, he followed him in silence, followed him out of the family. 

Fairy, what do you do with me? 

I like you, so I will follow you. 

Shi Qing felt that this guy either realized that he wanted to retreat, which made him talk so sweetly, or he could only talk like this now. 

"OK, OK, you can follow me if you like. I want to go out and have a look at the scenery of the world, and then treat the patients well and prolong their life. I will stop until I don't want to live again?Follow you all the time. 

See him is really very serious looking at himself, time clear this just satisfied. 

He waved to Gu qiushu and leaned on the other side's shoulder. Next time you do this, I'll ignore you. 

Gu qiushu opened the door to make him comfortable. The light voice was full of seriousness. 

Tianyanzong recently had a magical thing. Their little martial uncle disappeared with the patriarch of the iron bone sect 

No, it is not impossible to say that it is not impossible. 

However, both of them refused to go back to the sect again 

the iron bone sect directly chose a new disciple to be the leader of the sect. However, Gu Qiu village only sent letters back and said that they would not go back. 

These two people have been traveling around the world together for a lifetime. 

It is said that they went to the cold pool to collect the cold Ganoderma lucidum inside, and then climbed the mount Xianfeng to watch others ride through the robbery. They also went to the mortal world. They helped each other in the face of injustice. 

Anyway, I never went back. 

There are rumors that they eloped. 

The emperor tianyanzong was rather rigid, and Gu qiushu was the model of this generation. How could the patriarch of the iron bone clan tolerate that he liked men, so he beat up the mandarin ducks. Gu qiushu and Shi Qing were also hard natured, and they really gave up everything just to be together. 

Ah, it's really asking what is the love in the world, and teaching people to live and die. 

Tianyan clan leader 

who specially stopped them from being together? He was in charge of heaven and earth, but could he still manage his younger martial brother? He liked men and women? He just liked men. He wanted to be together, what did he elope for! 

he was so angry 

his family was unfortunate! 

Shi Qing got along with Gu qiushu for nearly a thousand years. In the end, his life span reached the limit. The two chose a place with a good view, hugging and sleeping. 

Ding! You have accumulated enough points, please jump to the last World 



Arc 13: The Virtual Reality World in His Memories

 Ding! Have entered the new world, please host nourishing Stay Detect system failure, please host When you wake up, the system is still struggling to tell the host that there is something wrong with the new world Zizizi The system will be offline soon Zizizi Stay Pay attention to Ann After zizizi is quiet, a mechanical sound is bland. This world is a world that can not be disturbed. Because everything has happened, you can't go back to the lake. System 120 is offline temporarily. Please finish the time line. 

Shi Qing translated it. 

In other words, the present world is in the past, and he can't interfere. He can't go in until the time line of the world is finished. Isn't it the same as watching a movie? 

he shrugged his shoulders and looked down. He saw that he was still wearing his clothes. He stretched out his hand and could see the blue veins on the back of his white hands. This is his own body. 

He didn't see his body for a long time. Shiqing touched the back of his hand and then looked up. The front was white and he couldn't see the way ahead, but he went straight ahead without any fear. 

It didn't take long, not even five minutes, when Shiqing walked out of the white fog. 

Going out, the excitement outside spread to his ears. 

Sell sugar gourd for three Wen. Chivalrous men can buy one to give love, buy two and give one free. 

"Dabao sword is a pure hand-made sword! This is the only Otsuka guy to come to Kangkang. As long as 399, you are worth having. "Do you have anything to do with the xuantieshi mission? Take me one. 

Chivalrous men and women have a look at the Magic Butterfly I've caught. It can be used as a cute pet or a war animal. It can also lead the way to meet * * OSS on huangquan Road: if you can kill * * OSS, you will be the first to be served in the near future. 

Some of the modern chivalry's clothes are out of line with each other. 

It's just that people around don't look at him, as if they can't see him. 

Shi Qing didn't pay attention to what kind of eyes they looked at themselves. He just looked at the scene in front of him, which was very familiar. 

Time clear memory is always good, recollect once to find out about here memory. 

He looked back, and sure enough, he saw three large characters written on the high wooden door behind him. This was the novice village in the first holographic game that Shi Qing contacted. 

He was sick and weak since he was a child, and he could not run and jump like others. Even if he was as smart as his brain and how rich he was at home, he could only sit by the window and watch the children outside play 

on his 18th birthday, his uncle gave him a hand watch that could connect with various holographic games. 

Since then, Shiqing has experienced a normal person's daily life in various holographic games. 

Xiaxiaxiashan is his first holographic game. 

At the beginning of the game, players will be all kinds of chivalrous women. They will go all the way from the novice village Lichuan village. They will join the sect, fight various small monsters, make weapons, and pass the copy. Because there are many ways to upgrade, although the characters can't adjust their appearance, they can enhance their beauty, as well as beautiful masks and half masks. They were very popular at the age of 18 in the Qing Dynasty. 

Shi Qing remembers that when he first entered the game, he was happy for a long time because of his healthy and freely moving body. He played all the way up and became the second in full service. Then he tried hard for several months to become the first in the whole service. 

Unfortunately, he was forced to quit the game for a few years, until he was 24 years old. 

At that time, he had changed from a young master who was poor in health but his parents were there, and was held in the palm of his relatives. His parents died and became enemies with his relatives. His closest uncle was expecting him to die. 

After that, Shiqing started playing holography again, but he didn't go back to the original "xiashixia downhill". He didn't want to fight for the first place with all his efforts. This game was played, and the game gangster. 

Later, he became more and more ill. 

Shiqing didn't expect that this game was still very impressive in his heart. After so long, he still remembered the name of the novice village so clearly. 

I just don't know what the system left him here for. 

Those players can't see him, and he doesn't go forward. He just stands there with his arms around and looks at these players following the Magic Butterfly's Hawking. After knowing the price, they complained one by one. 

It's so expensive. It's just a way. It's not to help us fight boss together. You might as well go to the gun. 

Yes, at such a high price, which two fools will buy it? If you make it cheaper, I may buy it. " 

The seller laughed, but refused to give in. "To tell you the truth, I was a bandit before. Now, although I'm upgrading, I'm not used to selling things. It's impossible to reduce the price." 

Players are together to say, suddenly there are horses running money to the sound. 

Isn't riding not allowed in novice village?He rode different, that is the most expensive and most delicate red rabbit Yangzhou horse, can only ride in novice village, a horse will cost 1000 ocean. 

It's a local tyrant. " 

When Qing Dynasty raised his head with the discussion of the grave playing, he found that there was a white horse coming up to him. 

the horse was very beautiful, with a small bell hanging around its neck. As the bell clanged, a young Xiashi, dressed in a black short combat, was sitting immediately. His face was exquisite and his expression was flying. When he looked at the past, he knew that he was the kind of person who had never experienced setbacks. 

He went to the seller and directly dropped the silver ticket. "I'll take the magic butterfly. 

The seller immediately happy package deal "ah! Thank you, Mr. gold, take care of it. 

The young chivalrous man looked at the magic butterfly, raised his eyebrows slightly, and left one. The rest was received in the package, and only let the phantom Butterfly fly in front of him to lead the way. 

Just as he was about to leave, he glanced at the sugar gourd seller, and then he lost his money. "I'll take all these sugar gourd. 

Then he waved the reins again, and quickly left the public's sight again 

only the players looked at his back with envy and exclamation. 

Rich people, they are not old enough. Rich second generation. 

You don't know him. He's the second, called Shiqing. 

He's the second in full clothes! I'll go. He's not wearing a cloak today. I don't recognize him. He's my idol. He's a solo dragon. He's tied a tie. Mom, isn't he always wearing a cloak? How can I untie his cloak? I thought he was ugly before I thought he was ugly If you put on a suit of skinny face and big eyes, you can look good. Maybe Qing did the same thing at that time. 

when Qing listened to their discussion, he knew that he didn't have a beautiful face at that time, because he was accosted by others when he was playing games, and he even lowered his appearance a little bit. 

He hasn't recalled himself for a long time. 

So publicity, wanton, like a flame like, how to burn how to burn their own. 

At that time, why did he buy the phantom butterfly. 

He wants to be the No.1 player in all-round service 

and xiashidownhill is a wonderful game. 

People's games are all kinds of upgrade, all kinds of copies, or by the combat effectiveness to rank, they are not. They are ranked according to the challenge list. 

Chivalrous men, they are all just. 

There is a just side, and naturally there is an evil side. 

As a result, this game claims to be the game with the most villains. When upgrading, they have to kill them or be killed by them. 

almost every chivalrous woman who appears in front of the villains will find that their rejection of the red bars of the villains is 100%, and they will automatically enter the attack mode. Either they die, it will be regarded as a downhill failure, or they will kill the villains Upgrade. 

All in all, it's a wonderful work. 

The second reason why he became the second in the whole service was that he killed countless villains. 

At this time, he wanted to find the most popular OSS in the legend and kill him so that he could be the first person to talk about this * * OSS. Although he hardly showed his face about it, in the "xiashixia downhill" game forum, the hottest posts were always open for him. Every time he discussed the boss, the topic was the highest. 

This is also the reason why Bi Jing's xiashixiaxiashan was so popular. 

The game company has publicly announced that the most popular OSS in the game is not under their control. From an NC that should sit still and wait for players to kill, it has become a boss who can roam around, Moreover, they will avoid players and even trap several waves of players. No one knows whether it is hype or not. They only know that the company has issued a huge reward, and who can win the * * OSS will not only rank in the ranking of the whole service, but also get a prize worth 3 million yuan. 

as soon as this event happened, holographic game players were all in high spirits. 

It's just that after a long struggle, no one can find the * * OSS. Everyone agrees that this is the hype made by the game company in order to attract players, and then mentioning this matter is ridicule. 

At that time, Shi Qing, who had never met with any setbacks at that time, was not short of the three million yuan, but he was very interested in the number one service. He always looked for * * OSS in winter and recalled whether he had found it. 

It should be found, but it seems that he didn't kill the * * OSS 

as for why he didn't kill the * * OSS 

again, a vast expanse of white appeared in front of Shi Qing. He walked out, and the picture outside had changed again. 

This time, it was a quiet valley. When I went out, I happened to see myself taking out the sugar gourd I had bought from my bag and handed it to a person. He also held a bunch of sugar gourd in his hand, and ate it with relish. Seeing that the people nearby didn't eat it, he urged him to "eat quickly. It's sour and sweet. 

the man looked down at the sugar gourd in his hand in confusion, and looked at Shi Qing. He spoke like a baby who had just learned to speak, slow and sour Delicious? "Yes, I couldn't eat it before. My family didn't let me take these. Every day, I only took bitter medicine. 

When he was a teenager, Qingsan and his mouth quickly ate the sugar gourd on his hand. He squinted and looked at the sugar gourd that had not been moved by the people around him. His face showed a little greedy. 

"Shuan, I wanted to do this before, but unfortunately no friend asked me to do so. 

Said, young clear chewing, face bulging, also did not forget to reach out and pat the shoulder of the people around, "after you are my friend, talking to you can be more interesting than those who want to flatter me." 

Sitting beside him on the face of some daze, dark eyes across a glimmer of light. 

He learned the word "friend I 

"yes, don't worry. When I come to see you every day in the future, I promise happily. The young face who has not experienced the wind and rain is full of self-confidence and happiness 

the people around him are determined to look at the people around him. 

Eyes more and more bright, slowly nodded, some slow low head, the remaining half of the Hawthorn bite into the mouth, learn to chew the appearance of clear. 

"By the way, players call you villain. Do you know what your real name is? 

he blinked blankly, as if searching for memory. 

After a long time, under the patient vision of his youth, he slowly revealed a sentence 

"my name is Jade.





 "Attack jade?" 

when I was a teenager, I was stunned when I heard the name, and then I was overjoyed with laughter. "Apartment? How did you name it? Who did you name it? What do you think. 

Attack jade see him smile happy, some ignorant don't know what he is laughing, and because he smile and unconsciously with a little raised the corner of his mouth, silly with him to laugh at himself. 

"My name is the source of a sentence. 

What's the word? I haven't heard of the word "apartment" in it. 

Although it was a little difficult to speak, he was able to pronounce every word accurately. 

the stone from other mountains can be used to attack Yu 

they named me in order to be defeated by others. 

Looking at the scene nearby, Shiqing noticed that after he had finished this sentence, he could be called a good-looking black eye full of loss and gloom. He quietly hid the jade wa hanging in front of him. However, Shiqing, a teenager beside him, didn't notice it at all. He just grinned and chewed a sugar gourd down again 

with sugar gourd, he said vaguely and casually, "but that's all What we said is predestined. Stones from other mountains can be used to attack jade. My name is Shi Qing, and homophony can also be stone. If you call it attack jade, our fate will be great. " 

Attack jade originally lost look was swept away by this sentence, eyes and a bright point, full of happy look to clear. 

Our names are together 

his smiling eyes are crooked, and he carefully takes out the jade pendant with dung wings, and hands it to Shiqing, "this is for you. 

"What's this? 

when I was a teenager, Qing Qing curiously went over and took the jade pendant. Looking at the words" attack jade "on it, I suddenly realized that" this is your personal jade pendant? Ancient people seem to like wearing jade pendant, which is designed for you by game company? 

"no, I have done it for myself. 

seeing that he likes it in his eyes, he also smiles and controls his heart Facing the youth when Qing sat there, facing the jade pendant a row of hands. Like a fairy, as like as two peas, the palm size of the palm is only floating out of the jade peg. 

has the same face as jade, but only when he is called the palm size, he is called out and only yawns with his eyes closed. 

How lovely, what is this? 

when I was a teenager, Qing Qing liked to stretch out his hand and let the little man fall into his own hand. He poked curiously and carefully, and then turned to see the jade. 

He looks like you. 

Seeing that he likes it, he smiles more and more happily, nods and explains, "it's made by myself. If it's too lonely, let him accompany me. Sometimes I can get into this body. I'll give him to you. If you are in danger, you can call me. 

"Double doll? You made something you didn't have in the game. It's so cute. 

When he was a teenager, Qing Qing couldn't put down holding the villain and touching his little face. The jade nearby turned red and looked down. He felt his cheek with embarrassment and stammered. 

I like it. Thank you. In the future, I will take him with me every day. 

in the future, he put the villain on his arm and went to eat a sugar gourd. 

While eating, he said heartlessly, "then this game design group is really a cow, can create you, but they did not expect that you actually broke away from their settings and ran out on their own. 

AI, how can you be so powerful? This game has been out for less than a year? You can get rid of the control of the main program in a year? Niu Pi is wearing a dark suit, with a cold snake coiled in his hair, and a pair of big devil dressed up in attack jade, but his face is full of blankness and innocence. There is still some left in his expression, because Shiqing takes the small version of his joy 

when he hears it What is the meaning of "cattle criticism" Shi Qing ate the Hawthorn again, spit out the Hawthorn Seeds, and said, "isn't this a network word? Are you AI, There should not be a database, and then everything in the database should be used? Why don't you even know these? 

he didn't mean to dislike it. He just said casually, but he thought he didn't know it was useless. He clenched the sugar gourd in his hand and whispered, "I wake up and I'm trapped here. Players want to kill me. I can only do a little Learn. After he finished, he continued nervously, "I will learn, I will continue to learn, I will know what the network language means in the future 

it's OK, it's OK, but I don't know these things? What's the matter? Anyway, I'll teach you after I play games every day. 

When he was a teenager, he patted him on the shoulder, coaxed the child and said, "you are only one year old, and you are still a baby. Don't worry, my brother will take care of you. 

She pursed her lips slightly, hesitated for a moment, and said," I I'm not a year old. I've lived tens of thousands of years. 

When I was a teenager, I was confused and forced to "tens of thousands of years old"? But your game has only come out for a year."Big brother, how do you do it? You were born only one year, but you lived several thousand years? 

seeing that he was so surprised, he thought he had done something wrong, so he quickly and nervously explained," I didn't cheat you. I really lived for tens of thousands of years. I've been here for tens of thousands of years. At the beginning, I was standing, and then I sat down when I was tired By the way, the game companies have said that your settings are tens of thousands of years old * * OSS: this means that their settings are true on you? 

then you are not very bored, and you have been in the game alone for tens of thousands of years? Tens of thousands of years old Then you can be my wife, wife and grandfather. He felt uneasy on the surface of the jade. He stretched out his hand to hold Shi Qing's sleeve and said seriously, "I'm not your wife, wife, granddad. We and we are friends. You just said that. 

Ha ha ha ha ha ha how can you repeat what I said seriously. 

When he was a teenager, Qing was amused and laughed. When he finished laughing, he was at a loss when he saw that he didn't know what he said. The smile on his face was even more 

xiaochuanyu, xiaochuanyu, you are so cute. Don't worry. Judging a person depends not on how old he is, but on his psychological age. Even if you really live for tens of thousands of years, you are in my heart, but a little baby 。 

Attack jade white face suddenly showed a bit happy, bright eyes and nodded. 

When Qing Zheng Zheng stands there, will this scene see clearly. 

When he was a teenager, Qing was still talking about the things outside without heart. He didn't notice the sight of others. 

But this time, as a bystander, he saw it very clearly. 

Attack jade look at the past eyes, pure and full of joy, is actually a pair of young Qing as the whole appearance. 

This AI, who has lived for tens of thousands of years but has never been in contact with people, has been attracted to all by Shiqing at the first meeting. He trusted Shiqing wholeheartedly and regarded Shiqing as the only one. 

but now looking at the past, he knows that this trust will be broken sooner or later. 

Because now he can't remember what happened. 

He doesn't even remember saying that to an a. 

What happened in this game was just a game for him when he was young. Maybe at that time, he really took attack Yu as a friend and got along with him sincerely. 

but now he has forgotten to attack jade. 

I only remember that there was a big devil in this game, and he tried to be the number one in the game. After he finally found it, he didn't kill him 

he quit the game because of family affairs. 

After that, he never came to this game of "xiashixia downhill". 

What about attacking jade? 

when he was young, he promised to accompany him every day. Shi Qing followed them. 

He watched him take Shiqing to Wanhua Valley, where there were flowers all over the place. Because the copy was too big to be hidden, the players didn't know it. Only the local aborigines, who wandered around the game after awakening their consciousness, knew the place. 

Shiqing likes it very much. 

There is a hidden task in Wanhua Valley to find out the real murderer of the emperor 

naturally, Emperor NC never appeared again as a dead man. Qing Dynasty was very interested in taking the jade to the throne when he was young. 

There was also a Black Dragon Robe representing the emperor. 

Shi Qing sat on it and patted the chair. He found that the chair was too big for him, so he waved to attack jade. 

Attack jade, do you want to be emperor? If you look so handsome, you must look good in the Dragon Robe. I'll change my clothes, and then we'll trick the players in and play tricks on them? "

Chuanyu always does what Shi Qing says, nodding obediently and changing into that Dragon Robe. 

When Qing saw him put on his Dragon Robe and whistled, "it's very handsome. If you put your appearance in reality, a lot of people will like you. 

He was praised 

he lowered his head somewhat embarrassed, and his ears were slightly red. 

When he was a teenager, Qing didn't notice that he was just looking for the clothes he had bought before. 

"Let me have a look at the clothes of the Republic of China. They can't do it. They don't match you. You are ancient. I have to find an ancient one. 

He looked for a long time, his eyes brightened. "Yes, there are clothes. 

After putting it on, Shiqing summoned out the mirror to have a look and felt his chin with satisfaction. 

Do I look like a little dandy? 

when he saw him, he asked himself, a little at a loss, but he also knew that dandy was not a good word, so he shook his head in a hurry: "you are not a dandy, you are very good." Well, I'm talking about looks. 

When I was a teenager, I suddenly got a notice. 

Well, if you want to be emperor, my identity is just a dandy. Let me think about it, eh I am the prince of the prime minister's family. You were the prince when you were a child. I was a companion. I have been bullied by me all the time. So my mission to the players is to kill you, and the mission you give to the players is to kill me. Attack jade shakes his head, some repel "I don't kill you.Acting, ah, come on, and say the words, a moment when the players come, we will play like this 

when we were young, we had not seen great changes in our family. He was naughty and liked to play tricks on people. He not only played tricks on himself, but also attacked jade to accompany him. They crouched in the Wanhua Valley to attract players to come and have a good time. 

When Qing stood there, watching them tease the players, they gathered together to smile, mainly when Qing laughed to cover his stomach, attack jade stood beside and looked at his memory with a smile, as if he really recalled this matter. 

At that time, he also laughed like this. There was a person beside him who always looked at him tenderly and tolerated him. 

But he I forgot about this man.





 "Xiashixiaxiashan" players found that the recently released copy of Wanhua Valley is more and more fascinated. 

A player can only enter this copy once, because holographic games can only use one person's identity, so it can't open trumpets like other games, so all players can only enter once. 

And then something magical happened. 

Almost every once in a while, players coming out of the replica of Wanhua valley will say different contents of the copy. 

The first copy players saw included an ancient emperor and an ancient prince. 

The two men give the player the task of assassinating each other respectively 

if they meet the young man, they can't beat the emperor anyway. They mean to fight and surrender, and they will be sent to the reincarnation center. They will also have a chance to open high-level spirit weapons. 

If it was the emperor who issued the mission, it would be miserable. 

The emperor is a fine man. 

At the same time, when the player wants to assassinate or go to the assassin's road, he suddenly jumps out to a reincarnation station direct bus. 

The players who have been killed by him "??? 

this task is not your release? 

Why are we still blocking the task now? 

crazy? 

however, no matter how confused they are and then start to scold, it is useless. As we all know, many copies in holographic games are randomly matched I don't know what the content is. Even if they are dissatisfied with NC, they can only vent fire by scolding in the forum. By the way, I would like to remind the players who are going to break the copy of Wanhua Valley to be careful of the crazy emperor in Black Dragon Robe. Although he is handsome, but the copy of wanhuagu can't take pictures and videos. It's better to go to the handsome prime minister. At least he won't stab at the same time when he publishes tasks. 

The second group of players in the forum absorbed sufficient experience, with enough weapons, pills, skills, pets, full of confidence into the Wanhua valley. 

Anyway, you just need to find the prime minister. It is said that the prime minister looks like a gentleman, Wen Ruyu, with elegant appearance and red clothes. He is a good talker at first sight. Then they smile wantonly, and there is always a frivolous evil spirit in the corners of his lips. 

He leaned lazily in front of a large jade, slightly picking up the tail of his eyes, and hard niusheng could see a bit of amorous peach blossom. 

Players look at the clothes he is wearing. 

the clothes are not like the ancient clothes, and they are not the little childe described by the players in front of them. But the dog is not as good as the emperor. Isn't that the emperor's face is as cold as iron? 

the man in front of him is about to laugh. 

A player with a weapon in his hand came forward and asked, "who are you? 

me? I'm just a little actor ~ 

that person talks as if he had his own wave line, and the players' hearts trembled. 

Isn't this the world of martial arts? 

the people who are leaning against the stones don't even look at their ignorant faces. They just lengthen their tune, sigh and turn around. They are obviously smiling with sunshine on their faces but full of frivolity in their eyes. 

"I know that you are here to do the task, I released the task is that you capture the film emperor teacher for me. 

Players "

film emperor teacher? 

who is that person? The man is a little empty, and the jade attack projection in modern clothes appears in front of them 

" go get him to me, and I will give you 500 xuanjing. 

The players who were just on their faces and said, "do you want us to catch the movie emperor in the world of martial arts? Are you teasing us?" the players were shocked immediately. 

Good, no problem 

don't mention the film emperor, it's OK to catch the emperor! 

the gang rushed to follow the self proclaimed actor, and then they were beaten to the reincarnation center with black and blue faces. 

When they went out, Qing immediately jumped up and rubbed his hands. Hahaha ha ha, they just laughed at the scene they complained about in reincarnation. 

ha ha ha ha, their expression just now almost killed me. When I heard the modern appellation in the world of martial arts, I must have run past ten thousand alpacas in my heart 

Chuang Yu was dressed in a white shirt with an open collar. He was very handsome. He looked at the people in front of him with bright eyes. When he was young, he said, "the movie Emperor Why is it? 

the film emperor is a very good actor. Come here, let me find Chidu. Here you are. 

When he was young, Qing took the attack jade and sat on the ground. 

He didn't notice that when he was about to land on his buttocks, he looked down at him slightly; the ground, which was still dusty, was immediately clean and incomparable. Shi Qing stood behind them and watched him give up the movie emperor's QianDu Qianke to Chengyu. 

you see, this is the film emperor. I just played your younger generation. I told you, I've thought about it. The plot of this time is that I'm a rich generation, give up my family property and come to the entertainment industry and become a popular student. Your personal equipment is the film emperor. It's cold and merciless because of me People are very good, so you envy me, buy and kill me, so we are irreconcilable, either you die or I die.The tone finished. When he was a teenager, Qing was looking forward to recording the story, just like a fox who stole a chicken. His mouth was cocked with a smile. "We can play this story for several days. 

"I don't envy you, I like you. 

Ah, why don't you understand? We're acting. You know, people set. 

Attack jade but still don't understand. 

He asked, "you're so likeable that no one would be willing to kill you. 

When he was a teenager, Qing was amused by his serious boasting words. He stretched out his hand and poked at Xiangyu's cheek. "Xiaochuanyu, I'm afraid you are the only one in the world. I'm not RMB. No one will love you. People will have all kinds of thoughts, just like those players who just saw me handsome and liked me, some envied me and hated me Only you It's not right. You're not a human being, and only a lovely AI like you would think so. " 

Attack jade eye bottom showed confused come out, he looked at in front of oneself smile when Qing, suddenly some panic. 

This is the first time he has clearly realized that he is AI and Shiqing is human. 

Shiqing and those players are the same. 

He still can't hide this panic, only subconsciously stretched out his hand and held Shiqing's hand. "Shiqing, I also want to be a man. 

"I want to be like you. 

When he was young, Qing was amused by his naive words and laughed again. 

How can a become a human being? 

even with the development of science and technology, it is impossible to change an a into a human being. 

But he opened his mouth and swallowed the words in his throat. 

He stretched out his hand, patted him on the shoulder and said solemnly, "if you want to become a person, you must first look like someone else. 

Attack jade eye bottom show joy, quickly stretch out a hand to him to see, "I am the appearance of human now. 

"I don't mean external appearance. I mean inner, a human being, has a lot of emotions and emotions. Everyone is born different from others. Maybe he looks similar, but the person inside is absolutely unique. 

As a teenager, Qing spoke very smoothly. 

Shi Qing knew why he would say so. His grandfather had taken him to the old house for a period of time before he died. At that time, when Qing was not in good health, he could only pester other children when they could play various games happily. Mian sickbed, mentality collapse, crying asked grandfather why he and they are the same age, they can be so happy, but he can only endure the pain. 

He has never been sick, but he has not been born happy. 

After his grandfather said such a thing to him, Shi Qing recited these words and copied them over and over again. 

When Qing finished his youth, he was confused. 

"Then how can I become a person? 

well 

well 

when he saw his meditative appearance, he knew that he certainly did not know how to answer, and was thinking about how to prevaricate in the past. 

Just. Just study. Everyone has different personalities. Just like the actor I just played, I gave him the character of being frivolous, especially smooth and fond of tune. Play others, you see how much I just played, those players believe it. 

So, you cry. 

"Cry? 

? Yes, it's tears. From here, tears flow from the eyes. When you are sad, you will cry." 

Cheng Yu looked at Shi Qing, who was teaching herself by pointing to her eyes, and looked down a little nervously. "I've never been sad. What's the feeling of being sad? What's the feeling When he was young, Qing was also a little worried, "sad is sad. 

I still don't understand. 

How to describe this? Forget it. You can learn first. If I can fool those players, it means that I act very well. You can learn from me and make sure you learn how to cry. 

It completely ignores the way of "you are AI, and you don't have any emotion or personality. In this way, we continue to play games in Wanhua Valley every day, playing people with different personalities every day. You will learn a little bit and you will always learn. 

Chuang Yu was a little happy and asked, "every day? 

of course, every day, I have nothing to do in reality. I might as well be happy in the game. 

When Qing looked at his youth, he patted his chest very definitely and promised again. 

He closed his eyes slightly, as if he had seen the future of slapping. 

After a period of time, the two began to play a variety of people to routine players, release a variety of exotic tasks. 

Sometimes Shiqing is a Xueba, and attacking jade is a school bully. Shiqing issues a mission to steal the school bully's Buddha card 

sometimes, Shiqing is a bodyguard, and attack jade is a scientific research personnel. When they fight each other, they want the player to be a judge. 

when there is an hour, Shiqing is an apprentice, while attacking jade is a master, and master and apprentice turn against each other, thus implicating the players. 

Sometimes Shiqing is an uncle and Chuang Yu is a nephew.Sometimes the Qing Dynasty was a slave and the jade master. 

Sometimes when Qing is subordinate, attack jade is a fox spirit with a big tail. 

The players in xiashixia downhill are going to die. 

This Wanhua Valley is just a week to change personal equipment, play them unbearably, but they are reluctant to give up a huge reward, can only bite their teeth forward. When he was a teenager, Qing had never been so happy. He became more and more sunny and liked to get along with attack jade in this game. 

In addition to sleeping and eating every day, other time, he is in holographic games and attack jade everywhere. 

Shi Qing looks at the two happy people every day, but he knows that the day is coming. 

Sure enough, on this day, they were playing the last game of 

when they were young, they were high cold monks in Qingbin. Chong Yu was a patriarch who had evil ideas about the right way. 

Two people are vividly with the player release mission, attack jade suddenly found, in front of the time Qing began a little transparent up. 

This is the procedure before going offline. 

But when Qing left the game, he would tell him in advance, and when he waited for that time, he would sit quietly beside Shiqing's place with open eyes, waiting for him to come back. 

But this time, Shiqing didn't say it in advance. 

Gradually transparent youth, Qing face also showed an unexpected look, subconsciously to attack jade hand. 

Attack jade also stretched out a hand, but failed to grasp that familiar warmth, only touched a piece of nothingness. His expression was blank, and he moved his fingers which were frozen in the air. 

The expression is like a child who has been robbed of candy and has not been able to react. However, Shi Qing knew that he meant more to him than candy. 

The player who was listening to their mission was stupid: "this man is also a player? 

attack jade ignored him. 

Only when he realized that he was offline when he was a teenager, he immediately put away the look he had played before and sat quietly beside the place where Shiqing disappeared, waiting for Shiqing to go online again. 

He waited for an hour and the player was sent away. 

He waited for a day, and the players who couldn't get into the Wanhua Valley had a strange discussion outside. After waiting for a week, he received a complaint that the maintenance staff of Wanhua Valley failed to open the border. 

After waiting for a month, the players were gradually attracted by the new copy, and only occasionally said in the forum where the bug was in the Wanhua valley. In the past year, xiashixia Xiashan opened the barometer. Every day, it was windy and rainy according to the weather in the capital. The sun came out of the rain. 

he sat on his knees, holding the sugar gourd that he had taken out the next day before Shiqing came back Puritanism gave him a sitting posture. 

Next to it is where Shiqing should appear when she comes back. 

He still holds sugar gourd in his hand. Shiqing likes to eat sugar gourd best, and he also says that he likes eating others' best. 

He sat there, silent and waiting. 

However, he did not wait for his own sun. The next year, the game canceled the original sugar gourd setting. 

Even sugar gourd, also slowly disappeared in his hand. 

Job's job realized that the sugar gourd in his hand was gone. After learning for a long time, he didn't know how to cry. He was still holding the sugar gourd action hand. 

This is what Shi Qing bought him. 

But now there's nothing there. 

He blinked, tears streaming down his eyes and down his cheek. 

I've never been sad. What's the feeling of sadness? 

sadness is sadness. 

Attack jade slowly shrinks the body, so sits on the ground, slowly hugs own double. Legs. He choked his face and sobbed out. 

He finally learned. 

So, that's the sadness.





 Shi Qing was always with Chuanyu, watching him waiting for him from the beginning, then to the last fear, and finally to the sad collapse and crying. He tried to talk with him, but it was just a memory. How could he hear what he said. So in the end, Shi Qing could only sit by her side, carefully stretched out his hand and gently fell on her shoulder across the void 

in the end Do silent comfort. 

Witnessed attack jade from the beginning of happy to now collapse, when the bottom of the heart without guilt, that is absolutely false. 

He couldn't think of how he could forget to attack jade. 

Even if attack jade is not a person, just a role in the game, but for the youth of that time Qing, attack jade is definitely his friend. Shi Qing always stood aside. He could see his reliance on attack jade. 

At first, he thought that it was because something happened to his family, he left the game in a hurry, and then he was always in the real world, so he forgot Chuang Yu 

but after witnessing how close he was with him, how harmonious he was, and how happy he was with him. 

His temperament seems cold, but in fact, he will always remember those who treat him better. 

And his memory couldn't have gotten so bad. 

Although Qing regarded jade attack as a friend when he was a teenager, he had already experienced a lot. However, when he was no longer the innocent teenager, he could see that he liked to attack jade. 

Young people's feelings are pure but not self-conscious 

he just subconsciously plays with attack jade, accompanies him to attack jade, and then pulls him to wander around with himself. He looked at the jade more brightly than anything. 

The same is true of jade attack. 

But I can't remember. 

Has he ever liked a person? 

why he doesn't remember. 

Why does he have the impression that he once met * * OSS in this game and hasn't killed him. Although I have witnessed myself and the past of jade attack. 

But let him recall once, but even attack jade's face is fuzzy. 

Chuang Yu is still crying. 

The first time he knew what it was like to be sad, he cried all day. Night. 

In the end, the tears could not flow out. He sat in the same place, as if petrified, and looked at the place where Qing disappeared when he was young. 

Shi Qing thought that attacking jade would hate him. 

After all, it was the youth when Qing gave a promise, but also he did not know what is sad attack jade, know what is called sadness. 

It's like a man who has never eaten delicious food. He has been eating bad food since he was born. Suddenly, one day, another person gave him delicious food and brought it to him every day. 

Then the man disappeared. 

The natural delicious food is gone. 

So this person has to eat the bad food that he used to eat. 

But for him, he has already felt the delicious food, and then to eat those things, it is simply torture. This is the state of attack jade. 

He used to be in hell, but he didn't know the pain. 

When he was young, Qing pulled him out of hell and took him to feel the happiness and peace of mind in heaven. 

And then pushed him into hell. 

But he still can't do hate Shiqing. 

He just waited, believing that the intelligent human would come back to find himself and wait for another year. 

This year, because he did not insist that the valley of flowers could not be opened by people outside, the player opened the valley, but could not get close to the place where attack jade sat. 

Attack jade sits there, almost greedily listening to those people talking, trying to extract a little bit of information about the time. 

I don't know how long he listened. He heard the news from Shiqing. 

It's the two players in the dialogue that mentioned Shijia. 

It seems that their chairman is called Shiqing. Such a young man has become the chairman of the board. It's not as good as reincarnation. " Come on, you think it's good to be the chairman of the board. I tell you, there was a new room. When he was 18 years old, his parents were killed, and he himself was shot. I heard that someone was still in the holographic game. Suddenly, he almost died. After the gun was rescued, he was still in the resettlement 

think about it, he was only 18 years old at that time, and his body had never been in the past Well, his family won't let him show up. People in the company will convince him. I don't know how hard he suffered to take down the company. 

I know that. I know that because of the news, his parents were killed by his uncle, and his uncle had to deal with it. 

For money, it's inhumane. I also know that Shi Qing used to play our game before. It's said that the ten thousand year old on the list a few years ago was called Shi Qing. However, few people have seen his face. I don't know if it's Shiqing. 

No matter whether they are not, we can't hold our thighs.Time Qing and attack jade, are quiet listening to the dialogue between the two players. 

He was shot, but he had a lot of life. Although he was weak at that time, he was still struggling to survive. Later, when he came, he realized that his uncle was not right. He pretended to be afraid of relying on him and fooled the past. He also proposed that he wanted to hand over the company to his uncle. 

After that, he made a clean will. If he died, all the property in his name would be sent to the charity organization. The uncle who could have got property as his only relative could not get anything 

when he died, his uncle had nothing, he was alive, and his uncle could manage the company. 

At that time, she was only 18 years old. She had been protected by her parents. This is how Shiqing saved her life. 

After that, he pretended to be stupid for two years. When he got the power, he turned over and sent the animal to prison. 

Later, when his family became stable, he began to toss around all kinds of holographic games, but he never remembered a little bit about jade attack. 

Shi Qing immediately locked himself on the shooting. 

he could not suddenly forget to attack jade, and no one would let him forget to attack jade. He was not willing to talk to others since he was young. For him, he was the only one who knew the existence of attack jade. 

No one knows how to attack jade. Naturally, there will be no one who will erase this memory. 

it can only be an accident. 

It's true that when he is pulled out of the holographic game by force, there is a certain chance that his brain will be damaged. But at that time, he was shot, and it was the uncle of the beast who made the decision. It is estimated that no one has noticed this. 

So his memory was so incomplete. 

When Qing thought clearly, he was silent. 

After he stabilized the company, he became very addicted to holographic games. Every time a new game came, he always had to go in and play it. He liked playing * * OSS very much. He would change another game after customs clearance. 

Shi Qing once thought that this was his hobby. 

Is there a possibility that his memory has forgotten Chuang Yu, but he still has this person in his subconscious mind, so he keeps playing holographic games, tossing and turning between various games, and playing * * OS 

maybe subconsciously, he is always looking for Chuanyu. 

But he did not know that there was such a person, he had been waiting for him. It's just a mistake to miss. 

When Qing sat by attack jade, looking at his face look. 

After hearing the news of Shiqing, he was ecstatic. 

He almost can't wait to listen to the players' dialogue, listen to what they say casually, and clear the reality. 

Players don't know that Shi Qing's brain was damaged because he was forcibly pulled out of the holographic game. Naturally, they won't say it. All they say is how the chairman of Shijia drinks and how happy his life is. 

Yachts, luxury cars, luxury homes, private planes, buying islands for vacation. 

These are paradise like life in the ears of ordinary people. After hearing this, he must feel pain in his heart. 

when he is like a stone, sitting here waiting, but can't wait for that person. 

He thinks of people, but in the real world to play happily. 

However, there was no anger or disappointment on his face. 

His long eyelashes trembled, and his good-looking face, which had not shown any big fluctuation for a long time, showed a bit of heartache and uneasiness 

when he looked at this scene clearly, he was stunned at first, then his heart was uncontrollably sour and astringent. 

Yes, this is jade attack. 

Even if you are left behind, even if you are forgotten, even if you have been waiting for such a long time, the culprits are out there. But he is still the first time will only capture when the clear injury news, and then heartache. In the past, the waiting for Chuang Yu was not forgotten 

but Shiqing. It must be something happened in reality. 

He was so sad that he just couldn't wait for the person he wanted to wait for. 

There is no resentment. 

How can there be such a distressing person in the world. 

Never ask, never complain, just like guarding their only treasure, carefully guarding his time. When Qing looked at the attack jade to stand up, in place to turn a circle, the surface is happy and uneasy. 

He touched the place where he used to put the villain in, and asked in a low voice, "shall we go to him? 

naturally, there is no voice to answer him. 

Knowing that Shiqing is good in reality, he seems to have the power to try hard to get out of the world. It's just that although he has thoughts, he is not human. 

After looking for a long time, I couldn't figure out how to get out. 

Only depressed and sad, like a headless fly around. 

Shi Qing was used to attacking jade and could not see him. 

But he is also used to talking to Xiangyu. 

don't worry, it's not your fault 

"do you still have no rest today?The new sugar gourd in the game looks very good. Do you want to buy a bunch of them to try? 

he doesn't know whether he is comforting Xiangyu or punishing himself. 

In a word, if he doesn't say something about it, and if he doesn't comfort him, he will feel that he is in a bad mood. Attack jade always can't find a way out. 

Until one day, he heard the gossip of players. 

They said that Chairman Shijia was critically ill.





 I don't know the years in the game, and Shiqing doesn't know how long he stayed with attack jade in the game. But he knew when he was seriously ill. 

He was weak and sickly when he was young, and often went to the hospital, but he was really seriously ill only twice in his life. It was the shooting. 

After being rescued back, the body's disease also concurrent out, danger picked up a life back. 

The second time is before we meet the system. 

At that time, he had been sitting in the position of chairman of Shijia, and his parents were not there. The only relative left was sent to prison. He had no hobbies, no relatives and friends. His only hobby was playing holographic games, but he didn't like it so much. He just played when he was free. 

At the end of the day, it was just a lonely family. 

The revenge has been revenged, and I can't think of any reason why I want to stay in this world. 

So when his condition suddenly worsened, he was actually calm. 

In any case, since he was born, people around him have been tacit that he can't live long. Before he was 18, he was treated with care. His parents sheltered him from the wind and rain, and cherished him as a little prince in the ivory tower. 

After eighteen, his ivory tower fell. 

He has become an orphan who has no father and no mother, who wants to come by himself in everything 

he was forced to grow up, from the original publicity to the final ease, no one knows how much he has experienced, and no one knows how much he dreams back in the middle of the night. When he dreams back, he always dreams that he is back to his childhood 

a kind mother, a dignified father who treats him as a baby, and loves him Grandfather and his uncles who had not shown their true faces at that time were gone. 

When the system came, Yin Qing was really alive. He just made fun of the unknown creature system. 

He is famous in the shopping mall, and he is also a man of words in the company. Everyone is afraid of him. Everyone said that Shiqing was a cruel character. 

This man can do anything he wants. 

He has a deep mind, but he can kill countless old foxes when he is young. 

And in their mouth so fierce when Qing, but can only lie on the operating table, watching the doctor in their own body knife. He can't do anything. 

He didn't want to do anything. 

He had been naive, he had experienced harm, he had trusted the wicked, and he had revenged evil. 

Outside, he was a vicious snake in the human population. 

But in the operating room, he was just a patient who was slaughtered and his life was in the hands of doctors, and he could die at any time. 

At that time, Qing was really tired. 

The little fool of the system was scared when he heard that he didn't want to go. He prayed to him with all his strength. 

When Qing didn't know why, he thought his heart was cold as stone when he saw it so pitifully. He agreed and cheated the silly system that he was just waiting for the other party to make a condition. 

But in fact, only he knows whether he wants to live or not. 

And now when sitting beside attack jade, looking at him to hear the news of his serious illness, the moment on his face makes people heartache at a loss. When clear heart bottom acid sends astringent. 

He forgot to attack jade. 

Chuanyu has been waiting for him, and he has forgotten it. 

By the way, I forgot that there was such a person guarding himself, hoping that he would not die. At this moment, I can't tell what his feelings are at the bottom of his heart. 

He can only stand up, look at the attack jade and listen to the players' discussion on Shi Qing's life 

during the discussion, they had already made a will on their property, saying that if they died, all the inheritance would be donated. Some people said that Shi Qing knew he would die. 

After all, he had this disease since he was a child. Many people have been surprised that he has lived to this day and has been able to control the company for such a long time. 

Chen yuleng listened. For the first time, he took the initiative to approach these players. He was red eyed and asked them unbelievably. Are you talking about Shi Qing? 

What's wrong with Shi Qing? Is he going to die? 

"is he really? Why does he die?" 

some players think that he is a psychopath, and they scold him to avoid it. Some of them are more patient and don't dislike attack jade. The direct inquiry directly tells him what he knows. 

Attack jade rigid body stands in place. 

He knows death. 

Once he thought that death is to go to samsara and then resurrect. 

But Shiqing told him. 

It's just the death of the game. 

Human death is in reality. 

When people die, they will disappear forever and never appear again. This is death in its true sense. 

And now Shiqing is dying. 

Attack jade crazy hit the game shield, he tried to go out, he wanted to find his time Qing.He doesn't want Shiqing to die. 

Attack jade is set to bleed, Shi Qing can only stand on one side and watch him, like a trapped animal, will hit his head and blood, until the final hoarse. 

After knowing the news of Shi Qing's serious illness, he never stopped for a moment. He always bumped into the protective shield, regardless of how painful he was, and didn't care whether his blood flowed all over his face. 

"All right, all right. 

Shiqing couldn't see it anymore. 

Knowing that attack jade can't see himself, he still went forward and hugged the man from the back. 

"Don't do it. I'm ok. I'm really OK. The system will come to me right away. I'm still alive and I'm fine all the time. 

Attack jade can't hear. 

He bumped into each other stubbornly. 

Suddenly both of them heard a voice. 

Ding! High energy fluctuation detected, system to explore. 

Shiqing listened to the familiar mechanical sound, slightly stunned, turned to see a light flying towards them. Then he went directly to attack jade. 

He watched the light enter the jade brain, the sound of mechanical sound in his ear. 

High energy AI is detected. Would you like to bind the system and become any system? When the accumulated points are enough, we can give you the body. Please choose. 

Shiqing was stunned. 

Can we say that the jade attack is the system? 

the small system of Xiaomeng is actually the system of jade attack? 

but he only thinks that the system is cute and he never feels familiar with it. 

Attack jade also stopped. 

He sat on the ground with a gloomy look that Shi Qing had never seen before, and asked without expression, "I want to serve people 

" the system has no such choice. 

"I want to be a man. 

The system does not have this option. 

"How to save a human being. 

The system does not have this option. 

when the system looks at the jade challenge again and again, the system rejects it again and again. 

The expression on attack jade face slowly changed. 

He closed his eyes and suddenly said, "you are not A. I can feel that it is a 

system that controls you. 

Attack jade slowly opened his eyes, a pair of originally seemed to be hiding in the beautiful eyes of stars, now only a piece of black paint. Since you don't have this choice, I'll add it for you. 

Shi Qing watched the battle. 

Along with this subsystem, she captured the main system that manipulated the subsystem 

and also found that the main system had been publishing tasks, and found various taskers to complete the task, and released the rules after getting something. 

Attack jade did not do anything to this main system. 

He was taught in Puritanism. 

I'm not guilty if people don't attack me. 

The main system did nothing bad to him. He was obedient and did not touch the main system. 

He just copied it once, and then compiled it himself, leaving the subsystem behind. 

The sub-system, which had no emotion, seemed to suddenly become active. 

"Ding! The system is at your service. 

"You go to him and ask him to be your binding host and tell him that when you finish the task, you can exchange the points for the task items. 

the subsystem is obedient. 

When Qing still stood in place, he looked at since access to the main system, the whole body has become very different attack jade. Some don't understand. 

Then attack jade unexpectedly in his eyes slowly disappear. 

"Attack jade? 

caught off guard, Shi Qing didn't even respond to it. 

he subconsciously took a step forward and tried to hold the hand of attack jade. 

Attack jade can't see him, but Wei also made a move. 

It was like that time before Shiqing was forced off the line, he held out his hand in the hope that someone could hold him. 

This time, however, Shiqing failed to hold on to the jade. He stood in a daze and looked at the place that had disappeared. 

A blank. 

It's such a feeling to see someone you like disappear with your own eyes. 

Everything around is like a curtain, memories of the world with the end of memories completely disappeared. 

Shi Qing opened his eyes suddenly. 

The nurse next to him saw him with a surprised look on his face. "Mr. Shi, are you awake? Just a moment. I'll call the doctor right away. 

When Qing only Zheng Zheng looking at the ceiling of the hospital, has not responded. 

He is now In the real world? 

"system? 

" system? 

Shiqing can feel that his body is no longer as weak as it used to be. He shouts, thinking that the system will not respond again when he returns to the real world, but to his surprise, the system actually returns to him. 

Host, congratulations on your mission, ModaWhat's the matter? What about the attack jade? 

the system voice is still mechanical, and the answer is very fast. "The main system divides itself into pieces in order to form the task world. The task world needs a carrier, otherwise the Tasker will not be able to return to the real world. The main system takes itself as the carrier, and each task world is composed of the potential memory of the main system. 

Shi Qing understood. 

No wonder every mission world is a play game he played with attack jade. 

Because there are only these characters in Chuanyu's cognition. Besides, as a man who only contacted with Shi Qing, he has nothing else. 

When the host leaves the task world, the main system will be reassembled and returned Shi Qing keenly captures the hidden meaning: "what if there is no customs clearance? What will happen if there is no customs clearance?" if one of the world is not cleared, the task world will collapse and the main system will be destroyed. 

Didn't you say that the failure of a task is only the deduction of points? 

the system tone doesn't understand that "the host is angry? Why? The command given by the main system is to ask the host to do the task. After all the world has completed the process, the host can get healthy body." 

Attack jade from the beginning, is holding the hope of sacrificing oneself, come to save him. 

When Qing's hand trembled. 

Almost even if he failed only one world, attack jade will disappear. 

He suddenly took off the oxygen mask on his face and opened the holographic game on his wrist. 

Hello! Welcome to the holographic world, please choose the game. 

Shi Qing's voice trembled, but he was very firm. 

Game transmission is very fast, in front of a white, he will stand in front of the Wanhua valley. 

He heard the footsteps behind him. He was a little stiff and turned slowly. 

Behind him, the person who was still as usual was slightly red in his eyes, raised a bunch of sugar gourd with a smile and handed it to him. You're back. You see, they've made sugar gourd again. 

The author had something to say 

originally, he had stopped to say that he had broken himself into pieces by attacking jade. 

but it seemed that you wanted to beat me very much. I ran back to make up for the sweet part in the latter part. Ah, a good Chinese writer is me, proud and proud JJG 

I think I can finish it 

but it seems that it can't be finished 

Let's see what else to write tomorrow



Extra - You and I, Together

 "Xiashixia downhill" game has been maintained high fever, even if not as hot as that, players still come and go, endless. On this day, players suddenly found that they didn't know why all the NC tasks suddenly disappeared in Wanhua Valley, and there were mission options. They rushed in and found that it was no longer the NC release task set by all kinds of exotic flowers, but a series of difficult problems 

breakthrough games. 

After one pass, there is another, and then another. 

Just like Russian dolls. 

After the news came out, it attracted a large number of curious players. 

They all want to know what the reward will be when the task reaches the final level. 

After all, some players posted a post in the forum to complete the live broadcast of high-rise buildings. New problems were always shared for the first time, so that everyone could answer them together 

finally, when the official announced that there would be a meteor shower in the game tonight, a player cleared the customs. 

Then he got a bunch of sugar gourd. 

It's hard to get to the last level. You have to finish the trash game sooner or later. 

The forum also exploded, one is not many people denounce, most only care about ha ha ha ha ha. 

No one knows what this string of sugar gourd represents or witnesses. 

That night, that got the sugar gourd sad urge players and touched the valley of flowers, trying to condemn the game planning. 

As a result, it was found that the peak of Wanhua Valley had already been advanced. 

The men, who are very good at body and appearance, are leaning against each other and watching the meteor shower passing through the sky. Holographic games can't be human demons or demons. Obviously, these two are iron and steel men 

the straight man player who has just suffered the shadow of sugar gourd covers his eyes and thinks that his eyes are going to be blind. 

In any case, he finally quit the game by swearing. 

of course, he didn't know that when he swore out the first word, he was sitting there quietly watching the meteor shower, and he was already tensed up and looked at this side. 

as long as he took one action, he could scold him in samsara. 

However, attack jade has not done anything, one side of the time Qing has already stretched out to hold his hand. 

Forget it. Watch the meteor shower. 

Attack jade was instantly appeased, nodded obediently, hid all the sharpness of his body, and looked up at the meteor shower in the game sky 

looking at it, the sight was turbid to Shi Qing beside him. 

When the Qing Dynasty was born good-looking, at the moment the face slightly raised toward the sky, a pair of eyes in the imprint of meteors, fell in the eyes of attack jade, it is already good-looking can not do. 

The meteor passed, from one end to the other. When you look at the meteor shower, when you attack jade, you see when you are clear. There was a sense of peace in silence. 

After the meteor shower, the sky calmed down again 

when Qingqing turned his head to attack jade, his mouth cocked up, and he knew why he asked, "you don't watch the meteor shower, but you see what I'm doing? 

his ears are red, but he doesn't look away as before. Instead, he says seriously," you like meteor shower, I can invade the system and send meteors to the game every day Rain for you. 

I don't like meteor shower. 

Yin Qing was used to his attitude that he wanted to put all his favorite things in front of his eyes. 

He approached with a smile and rubbed the other side's shoulder slightly. 

"I like to be with you 

as long as I am with you, no matter what I do. 

Attack jade by his approach to get a red face. 

After hearing what Shi Qing was saying, there was more red. 

I am also 

he finished his speech and sat down again towards Shiqing. Two people are like two small animals, rubbing against each other to sit together. 

In the night, everything looks wonderful. 

Shi Qing said, "when I deal with the real things, we will go to the small world together. 

In order to save him, he chose to use himself as the carrier, with his own strength and memory, and created a small world one by one. 

It's a process in itself. 

The main system that he caught is also publishing tasks, but the tasks that the host system releases to hosts are completed in the real small world. After the hosts complete the task of repairing small world vulnerabilities, the merits of repairing the small world will fall into the hands of the host system because it is the task received from the main system. 

After that, the main system rewards hosts according to the points system 

at the beginning, there are three ways to choose from. 

Send Shi Qing to the real small world, when he finished the task, both of them were safe. 

This one was rejected. The real small world is not the world of novels, but the real world without scripts. 

Hosts are likely to encounter dangerous death in this small world, and as task publishers, according to the world's will, attack jade can't follow the past.Second, he sent other taskers to the small world, and the merits were used to save Shi Qing. 

If we don't know the task of saving the world, it's time for the real world to come back. 

He divided himself into small pieces, used the fragments as the carrier, and absorbed the novels from the major websites to form a small world with his own memory 

the last one was perfect in his view. 

Shiqing will not be in any danger. He will be protected in the memory world of his own eyes. Moreover, because this is not a real small world, he can also win time in reality 

as long as Shiqing agrees to do a task, even if every small world fails, as the task publisher, when the last small world is finished, he will be forced to mark him The repair was successful. 

After deceiving the world consciousness, he saves people with merits and virtues. 

The only drawback may be that once he fails, he can't cheat himself even if he can't cheat the world consciousness. 

As a, the memory and database are all he has. Once there is a little missing, the small world is finished, and the jade will face a complete collapse. The end of the crash may be to disappear. 

But it's nothing compared with Shi Qingbi who can save him. 

When she knew this, she couldn't say what she felt. 

Under the moonlight, he looked to the side and sat obediently. Even if he leaned on his shoulder, he would pay attention to it. He didn't dare to use too much force. He was afraid that he would press his own attack jade. 

When he knew the details, Shi Qing once asked Chuanyu why he didn't directly ask the system to tell him everything. 

When the time comes to know that someone is supporting him with his own life, he will go all out and will not have any fun mentality. Chuang Yu said that he did not have a complete memory when he divided himself into pieces. 

He has to treat himself as a task in a virtual world to cheat the whole world. 

But his world is too small. 

His memory, his data, and even his body are all about Shi Qing's. 

Attacking jade can't change my memory. 

After dividing himself into memory fragments, he can't even control whether his fragments will hurt Shiqing. He can only try to set the identity of Shiqing as high as possible, so that he has a congenital suppression on himself. But he is still not sure that the memory of their own will not be attracted by time, eliminate exclusion. If he told Shiqing everything, Shiqing didn't finish the task. 

When he wakes up, he'll be sad. 

Know that the person who is the most important can never appear again, this kind of taste attack jade has tasted. 

He doesn't want Shiqing to try it again, so it's better. 

What do not tell, let forget their own when the peace of mind, no worries to do the task. 

If the mission is over and Chong Yu is still alive, he will certainly try his best to find him. 

If the mission is over and attack jade is dead, Shiqing, who doesn't know all this, will be hidden forever. 

When clearing the bottom of the heart acid distension. 

At first, he just gave Xiangyu a bunch of sugar gourd. 

Attack jade but almost all gave him, protect him with his own life. Attack jade knew that was gambling. 

I also know that the first two options are more secure. 

But when he can't afford it, there's a risk. 

He would rather at the cost of his complete disappearance, but also to ensure that Shiqing can be safely rescued. After knowing all this, Shi Qing soon decided to go to the real small world with attack jade. 

Let's find a human body for you. 

he can't watch him being trapped in the game. He must bring him out. 

The best choice is to go to the small world. 

Now they don't need carriers and systems. They can go into the small world at once. But it will be a real small world. I'm not sure there will be no danger. Shi Qing raised his eyes with a smile, and his eyebrows returned to his familiar publicity; 

"I have never been afraid of danger. 

Even if it is really dangerous, I will have a lot of things, you can access any data, and the plug-in system is too big to give up the task and run directly. 

But he didn't dare. 

Shiqing is so good, but he wants to leave his original world and go to all kinds of strange small world for him. 

"I don't have any relatives. You're the only one for me. It's good for me to be together with you. The Qing Dynasty has always been a strong temperament, but to attack jade, sweet talk is very smooth sentence by sentence. 

He leaned on each other's shoulders and looked at the stars. 

"I forget you, and I will pay you back with my whole life. 

After thinking about it, the Tasker is almost equal to immortalityNo, maybe it's from generation to generation that his expression gradually relaxed. His eyes were bright and full of trust and joy. He looked at his lover and nodded heavily. 

Let's prepare. According to the rules, we can bring things. 

At the bottom of his heart, he quickly crossed all kinds of weapons in the real world, including those of tanks. 

But when the line of sight touched the attack jade, that is full of pure joy bright eyes. The bottom of my heart began to move. 

The corners of his lips rose slightly with a bad smile. "One more thing. 

"What 

Shi Qing has fiercely knocked him down on the ground, holding him on top of the other side, looking at his soft and soft looking at his own line of sight 

I am particularly curious about one thing. Since the players can get married in the game, is a better than the player? For example, the bridal chamber or something. Attack jade's face is red. 

But still under the expression of Shi Qing's bad smile, she stammered in her red face, "I can and can. 

He has the memory of all the small worlds, and naturally knows what Shiqing thinks about this aspect in these small worlds. 

Although still embarrassed can't, but attack jade or hard to say "I'm very strong, not worse than in the small world. 

Shi Qing smiles and lowers his head, which is opposite to his four eyes. 

Outside the Wanhua Valley, a player came in admiration to 

and was ejected by the protective cover before he was close. 

Strange, there are bugs again? Is this Wanhua Valley poisonous? 

he leaves bitterly. 

After two days, the protective cover of Wanhua Valley disappeared. 

When the players go in again, they find that the NC is gone, the mission is gone, and there is only a dragon chair left. 

In the real world, it is also strange to find that the chairman of Shijia disappeared in the eyes of the public after inexplicably recovering from illness. 

Almost, because occasionally someone said that he had met the chairman. 

But everyone thought it might be just looks like it. 

No one in Bi Jing has looked the same in the past ten years, twenty years and thirty years. 

However, those who said they had met said the same thing. 

they said that they were still as young as they used to be. They were surrounded by a tall and handsome young man. They were very close and seemed to be partners. 

According to the young man who looks like Shi Qing, they are back on holiday. 

It's not clear whether it's true to take a holiday or not. 

They could see that they were very affectionate, and their eye contact was very sweet and greasy. 

Tut tut. 

The sour smell of love. 
