I'm Not Human

Chapter 1

The morning dew infiltrated the grass, the sun shone with the treetops, and the little sparrows on the branches shook the feathers and screamed cheerfully.

"Big brother, when will you come to see us again?" The little girl holding the little bear doll raised her head with a very careful attitude, revealing hope in her dark eyes.

The young man being questioned was surrounded by children because they were too popular. Gu Huai smiled and said: "Next week, I will bring you gifts at that time."

Here is a children's welfare home in the suburbs of the city. With the support of Gu Huai, the renovation has just been refurbished recently, and the overall environment looks warm and comfortable.

There is no special reason for Gu Huai to subsidize this welfare institution, it's just that he was also taken in as a child by this welfare institution, and he wants to repay a little now that he is capable.

In the next few days, the city of A will cool down and officially enter the winter. Gu Huai intends to bring some new winter clothes to the children here when he comes next time. This is the gift he just promised.

After visiting the children in the welfare home, Gu Huai returned home and sat down at the computer desk to start his work today.

Gu Huai's career is a screenwriter. Although young, he has become famous in the industry. The big and small trophies in the house add up to a table, and almost every one is full of gold.

However, even if it is a powerful scriptwriter, sometimes it can't get rid of procrastination, or even drag drafts. Gu Huai looks at the script that he has about 90% complete in his hand.

Work has been completed 90%, does it seem that it is easy to close the tail?

That is indeed.

But what if tomorrow is the deadline?

Gu Huai: "..."

It’s really bald.

Fortunately, this is an adaptation of the script and the adaptation is not high. Gu Huai thinks that he should be able to finish if he works through the night. To tell the truth, this script also makes Gu Huai think of a Jin Jiang novel that he had adapted before he became famous. They all desperately rushed to the draft before the deadline.

The crisp keyboard sound continued to ring in the room, starting from 9:00 in the morning, Gu Huai has been busy until the window is dark and the light is rising again and continues.

In addition to eating breakfast in the morning, the remaining two meals were ignored by Gu Huai at work.

Although there is procrastination, Gu Huai does not like to drag drafts, so basically every time the day before the death line he will explode once.

This kind of high-intensity work that lasted for more than 20 hours without stopping was very tossing the body. Gu Huai just finished the manuscript when he heard the **** songs of his neighbors.

Against the finished script, Gu Huai relaxed his nervous nerves at this moment.

And in the same second of relaxation, his face suddenly turned black.

To describe it, it is like a string that has been tightened for too long because it can't stand the pull and breaks.

When people face death, they will have an intuition. It is obvious that the body can't move and gradually becomes cold, but the consciousness still maintains a short-term clarity.

In the very short time before the loss of consciousness, Gu Huai thought a lot of things.

He thought first, fortunately he gave his will to the family eight hundred years ago. After he died, he donated the money he earned in the past few years to the child welfare institution he was raised in.

Then he thought that today's Weibo hot search has already thought about it. If the director personally went to the door because he couldn't wait for him to hand in the script, today's hot search title is "Genius scriptwriter was suddenly found dead in his home."

In the end, Gu Huai was modest, and he himself shouted that his genius was a bit shameless?

- Forget it, death is dead.

Gu Huai realized that it had completely disappeared. He thought that he would never wake up again. However, for him, his eyes were closed and he found himself still alive.

But compared to the great fortune, the flexible mind let Gu Hua find that the situation he is facing now is a bit unusual.

Clearly, he has made a blink of an eye, but his eyes are still dark.

Gu Huai’s first reaction was also thinking that he was not afraid of it, but he casually reached out and touched a layer of obstacles around him, which made him understand that he was lying in a narrow and confined space.

First of all it will not be a hospital.

Hey... coffin?

This idea just came out less than a second, and was immediately annihilated by Gu Huai.

It is also impossible to be a coffin. I have never heard of anyone who will be buried in the coffin.

He has no clothes on his body, his body is bare, bare, and his skin seems to be stained with some unknown sticky liquid.

The situation is too strange. Gu Huai did not move around casually. He first confirmed that he was in good health and was free to move, and then carefully explored the space he was in.

This space that is closed to him is completely closed, but the shape of the space is not the square that Gu Huai first thought, but it seems to be round. If you look from the outside, it may look like an egg...

As a screenwriter, Gu Huai has a rich and untimely imagination. In this case, he even imagined that he is now in an egg, so that he is not wearing clothes and has a sticky liquid on his skin. The reason can be explained.

It is well-founded and convincing.

In order to prevent yourself from being killed, the self-rescue action has to be carried out immediately.

The influence of the growing environment, Gu Huai's self-sufficiency is independent. As he faces the current abnormal situation, his first action is not to try to call for help, but to think about solving it himself.

Maintaining the lying position, Gu Huai tempted his hand and knocked on the top of the space.

"despair."

Very lightly, Gu Huai did not use much strength. This tapping made him discover that the "barriers" around this space are probably not very hard.

If you use a few more knocks, he should have the opportunity to break this thing from inside.

"Hey, hey -"

After another knocking sound, it sounded in the dark hidden cave. When the sound first sounded, the dozens of scarlet erects that suddenly appeared in this darkness locked the sound source in an instant. , staring at the line of sight.

These scarlet eyes are even more daunting in the dark, their eyes are cold and fierce, and there is no humanity and human feelings.

This obviously does not belong to the eyes of human beings.

These non-human objects hidden in the dark environment are huge, and each part. The body structure is tailored to fight.

The icy, shiny body makes them look extremely strong defense, the forearms are like jagged edges, and the sharp, sharp teeth have a terrible bite force from the visual observation.

Each of them is at least several times the size of an adult, and these horrific creatures undoubtedly have the ability to easily puncture and tear the prey.

These terrible creatures belong to the zerg, and are among the most brutal and horrific Tak worms among the zerg.

Like guarding something important, these Tak zergs will lay a large white egg lying in the cave around them, surrounded by a protective ring, which is still quietly guarded.

The percussion sound appears from inside the large white egg. The more the sound is heard, the more the Tak zerg around the egg tightens and squats until the pupil is shrunk into a needle-like thin line.

Even if you only observe with your eyes, you can understand that these huge dangerous creatures have entered a state of high alert, or fighting state.

Any living creatures that dare to break into the cave they are guarding at this time will be threatened by these Tucker worms, and the next second will be torn into pieces by their fury.

Perhaps it was tired, and the knocking sound from the inside of the eggshell stopped for a while.

During the sound stop, the Tucker worms around the big white egg suddenly felt a little agitated.

The Guardian Instinct keeps them alert to possible dangers around them, but on the other hand they are reluctant to take their eyes off the egg.

In this egg, there are treasures that are very precious and important to them.

Gu Huai is really tired, and the shell that feels crunchy is unexpectedly quite awkward.

After a break, Gu Huai continued to make a breakthrough. Every time he tapped hard, the crack sound appeared in his hit position.

Finally, this volume has accumulated into a qualitative change.

"Kacha-"

The crisp cracking sounded, and the top of the closed space was hammered by a fist-sized hole, but not much light penetrated through the hole.

The outside environment is also very dim, Gu Huai realized this.

Without stopping the work at hand, Gu Huai continued to destroy this small space. When the top-sized cavity was enlarged to allow him to go out, Gu Huai carefully sneaked out a head outside.

And this outcrop, when the sight was just looking at the outside world, Gu Huai was dumbfounded.

Dozens of scarlet eyes locked in and stared at him at the moment he poked his head. These icy **** had a huge body and a daunting body structure, as the person being stared at, Gu Huai reflexively held the breath.

The horror sentiment from Gu Huai immediately caused the Tucker worms around him to re-incite, and some even started to scream from the throat.

As long as the youth show any negative emotions, whether it is uneasiness, fear, or sorrow, it will make these Tucker worms guarding his anger.

This kind of anger is unreasonable.

The most important existence for them conveys this uneasiness to them, and in order to give the youth peace of mind, these Tucker worms have reduced their protection circle by another layer.

No enemy can pass through them.

I don't know that I am protected. In the eyes of Gu Huai, who knows nothing about the real situation, the behavior of these terrible unknown creatures in front of him further engulfed him.

Then what...

Is it still time for him to hide it now?

In the line of life and death, Gu Huai’s heartbeat accelerated, but his mind forced to calm down.

Seeing these terrible creatures that are clearly not part of the Earth, Gu Huai realized that he might have crossed and that the location and timing of the crossing were very embarrassing.

He quickly searched for possible escape routes with his eyes, and in less than two seconds, he found the only way to live.

Because of the sheer size of these organisms, it is fortunate to have such a space in the encirclement that he might be able to run out.

But there is a problem that is not serious but very pitted, he did not wear clothes -

Gu Huai really did not expect that this situation can be encountered in his life for more than 20 years.

If death is the protagonist, then he must be the most miserable protagonist in history. I would like to ask which protagonist needs to face this kind of problem after killing.

Streaking or waiting to die?

Gu Huai pulled the corner of his mouth.

Kiss, here is the suggestion that the person out will be beaten. 



Chapter 2 

It’s impossible to die in the same place, but I really don’t want to streaking.

The contradictory thoughts caused a short pause in Gu Huai’s actions. At this time, there were two strong ideas in his heart--

Want to escape

2. Want clothes

Still maintaining a head-only posture, Gu Huai’s hands were placed on the edge of a white shell that he knocked out, almost at the same moment he had a demand for clothes, something he could not understand with common sense. Things have happened.

The white shell that he touched with his hands suddenly disappeared from the palm of his hand, and his body was also fitted with simple clothes.

--run!

The body responded faster than the mind. Gu Huai's hands were forced to support, and the whole person quickly jumped out and played the fastest sprint speed of his life to the only possible neutral position.

Like Gu Huai thought, as soon as he ran, the dangerous creatures that were originally surrounded by him slowly turned into high-speed movements.

Anyone in the interstellar race will feel scalp tingling in the face of the Zerg, because it is a charge that is not afraid of death.

There is no fear of death. The Zerg soldiers who accept the superior orders will ignore any pain and annihilate the enemy with a merciless cold attitude.

They don't even regard their death as a sacrifice, but a tactic that is taken for granted.

I want to ask what is the mood of Gu Huai, who is being chased by a group of Tektrons at this moment, he can only say...

He can't run fast.

The cave is very dark. For Gu Huai, who has no night vision ability, it is not easy for him to see the road ahead.

And this cave is too big. Gu Huai is actually not sure whether he is running in the direction of export or deeper inside, but he can't manage so much now.

Even if only a little bit of life is possible, the struggle is definitely better than not struggling.

However, the result of not being able to clear the road but having to run in a state where it cannot be decelerated is that Gu Huai ran and ran, and suddenly he accidentally stumbled over the obstacle that was not noticed, and the right knee slammed directly on the ground.

"Oh..." This is not a sigh, and Gu Huai snorted.

This is the voice that represents pain. Even if you don't have much wisdom, the Tucker who catches up behind can understand this.

This understanding made these Tucker worms enter the violent state that would only occur when they were seriously injured in an instant. They sent out a low-pitched voice that represented a threat from the throat, and the crunched scarlet **** was full. Bloodthirsty killing.

The voices of young people expressing pain are a great stimulus for these Tucker worms. They cannot tolerate such things happening, but there are no enemies around them that can be their targets.

When Gu Huai stopped and ran because of a fall, the Tucker who had been chasing him behind had already re-enclosed him.

No chance...

At the moment of being surrounded again, Gu Huai had to accept his life.

There was no chance to stand up. Gu Huai looked at the huge creature headed up and raised his dangerous forearm like a jagged edge to him.

More sharp than the real sharp knife, while the blade slammed down, Gu Huai could not help but bite his teeth and close his eyes.

One second...

Two seconds...

Three seconds...?

The pain in the expectation did not appear. Gu Huai slowly opened his eyes and found that he had nothing, but the obstacles in the position that had just stumped him were completely flattened.

The horror creature that completed this action has already lowered the forearm and continued to surround him silently with other similar people.

These creatures didn't want to attack him, and Gu Huai suddenly realized this.

When Gu Huai slowed his heartbeat because of this consciousness, he did not know whether it was his illusion. He gradually... seemed to be able to vaguely perceive the emotions of these alien creatures around him.

Very angry, but this anger is not directed at him.

Combining the obstacles that had just caused him to fall, he was flattened, and Gu Huai suddenly had an idea that made him feel awkward.

It is because he is injured, so they will be so angry.

Gu Huai was not sure about it. He didn't know why he thought so. In order to verify this, Gu Huai lowered his hair and made a slight sound similar to the puff.

It’s like a signal, the Tak Zerg, who has been extremely angry around the youth, is further angered, from the repressed state of silence, and the sharp forearm tip is deeply inserted into the ground, directly giving this hard The rocky surface creates several potholes.

Gu Huai: "..."

The reaction of these Tak worms directly verified Gu Huai's conjecture. At this time, Gu Huai finally understood that the act of encircling him by these terrible creatures in front of him was not a siege of him as a prey, but a protection...

This is a circle of protection, they are just guarding him.

Gu Huai did not know the reason, but once he understood this, many of his cognitions had to change.

For example, it is also closely stared at by dozens of scarlet eyes. Gu Huai will try to think about how to escape when he starts, but now, he can't afford much tension in his heart.

From the appearance point of view, these alien creatures in front of Gu Huai are indeed very dangerous and terrible. Whether it is a sharp forearm or a sharp tooth that can penetrate deep into the ground, it is full of deadly threats.

They can be sure that they are protected by them. Gu Huai stood up from the ground and took a deep breath. He tried to approach the one with the tallest body.

The closer they are, the clearer the anger that Gu Huai perceives from them, and there is no reason in this scarlet eye that stares at him, but even then, they don't leave him.

When Gu Huai took the initiative to approach the head of the Tak zerg, he saw that this huge dangerous creature shifted its forearm to the back and adjusted the angle to avoid sharpness. Let him meet.

Gu Huai stunned a bit, the feeling of being carefully protected is too obvious, even using "protection" to describe it is not accurate enough, the use of "care"...

This feeling of being cared for is rarely seen in Gu Huai’s life experience so far. He is a child who grew up in a welfare home.

Although most of the care workers in the welfare homes are caring people, there are many children in the welfare homes to be cared for, and the care that each child can receive is limited.

And this kind of love is not the same as the love that parents really face when they are facing their children.

Gu Huai is very clever and early, so he recognized this difference early in his childhood. However, he is not disappointed, because he feels that the goodwill he has received is equally valuable and worthy of thanks.

After looking at his eyes, Gu Huai looked at the dangerous creatures that showed his protective posture and began to think about one thing.

What can be done to calm their anger?

He can really perceive the emotions of these creatures, just like the innate ability, and when he accidentally fell and was stimulated by pain, Gu Huai had some kind of illusion.

The illusion is that Gu Huai feels that he has established some kind of spiritual connection with them, and he can directly convey his consciousness to these creatures.

I am fine, don't be angry...?

I don't know if it works. Gu Huai tried it anyway. He tried to recall the state at that time and tried to appease these large creatures around him.

I used to look at each other's eyes during the conversation, so Gu Huai is now struggling to look up, and it is hard to see the scarlet eyes of the Tak Zerg in this size gap.

The Tak zerg in front of Gu Huai is only the lowest-class soldier in the Zerg, and the lower Zerg cannot advance into the humanoid form. They do not have too much wisdom or language ability.

But even if they can't answer in words, these Tucker zergs still give a response.

The pupils that were tightened into needles were slightly relaxed. The huge scary creatures of these bodies lowered their heads toward the youth, and the sharp forearms also fell down, as if they were finally out of combat.

But still did not completely relax, Gu Huai thought about it, he reached out and patted the sharp forearm of the Tektronix in front of him: "Oh, don't be angry."

This sentence is not conveyed by the spiritual link, but this Tak zerg seems to understand the meaning of Gu Huai’s expression. When the young man was shot with his forearm, the Tektron worm made a very low snoring from the throat, and then Continue to lower his head and do not move.

This is undoubtedly a form of obedience. If a third person is present, anyone in the interstellar race will doubt his own eyes.

The Zerg is synonymous with cold and brutality throughout this interstellar, not to mention the most fierce and violent Tucker in the Zerg.

It can be said that on the battlefield, the Zerg army is the most unwilling enemy of all races, and the Zerg soldiers from the Tak ethnic group are the most.

These Tuckers say they are violent on the battlefield, and they will not stop once they enter the violent state, unless they are completely defeated or their enemies are completely destroyed. Otherwise, as long as there is still a body part, these Tuckers will continue to kill. fighting.

It is simply impossible to appease the violent Tak Zerg, but at this moment there is a unique exception on a distant and remote planet.

Not long after completing this series of appeasement, due to the mental energy consumption just now, Gu Huai soon felt the sense of sleepiness in the depth of direct consciousness, and the strong drowsiness caused him to stumble and want to close his eyes and sleep. I fell asleep on the ground.

When Gu Huai slept, the Tak Zerg, who was guarded around him, seemed to be attracted, and instinctively approached him.

The youth fell asleep.

A pair of scarlet eyes reflected the appearance of Gu Huai's sleep. These Tak worms, who did not have a humanoid form, watched the youngster's sleeping appearance very closely and closely, and they were not willing to look away.

It is normal for cubs to like to sleep.

Although in appearance, Gu Huai is already in the form of adulthood, but in the eyes of the Tak worms who witnessed the birth process of the other shell, the young black-haired youth in front of them was just born, or a young cub.

So staring at it for a few seconds, these Tucker zerg did not want the youth to lie on the hard, cold ground, and they moved the young people who had fallen asleep back into the previous eggshell.

The eggshell has not been completely destroyed, but the top has been removed, so that the young people can still play some special warming effects of the eggshell itself.

"Snoring..." Sleeping in the big eggshell, Gu Huai made a little dream.

The sound of the cubs when they slept should be representative of the unsettled sleep. After hearing the dreams of the youth, several Tucker worms around the eggshell could not help but make a low-pitched snoring from the throat.

These Tak zergs do not know how to take care of the cubs. Strictly speaking, there is no concept of caring for cubs in the Zerg.

It was about an instinct and instinct. A Tektron worm extended its forearm to the lying white egg, controlling the strength, and carefully pushing the eggshell gently.

The eggshell swayed.

Push again...

The eggshell shook again.

Like being in a cradle, the youth who had not slept particularly well in this eggshell gradually opened his eyebrows and his breathing became shallow and gentle.

It is known from the breathing that the young man is sleeping more comfortable now, so the Tektronix who used the eggshell as the cradle continued to maintain the frequency and push the eggshell down.

When staring at the young man's stable sleep, the Tucker Zombies once again felt an emotion that was very strange to them.

This sentiment first appeared when they discovered the big white egg in the cave on this distant planet.

The second appearance was when they watched the birth of a young man.

This kind of emotion is as high as anger, but it is completely different. Anger will arouse their destructive desire. This same high but strange emotion will not be like this.

Instead of trying to destroy anything, they look at everything as if they are pleasing to the eye.

Flowers bloomed in the dry wilderness, and the young and lovely little flowers are dotted with the original wild and ridiculous wilderness. The canvas called "the world" has become colorful.

This is the emotion called joy. 



Chapter 3 

The deep sense of sleepiness made Gu Huai sleep very deeply, and the eggshell was gently pushed gently. The last willpower of the Huaihuai consciousness that was trying to woke up was wiped out, and he entered comfortably. Deep sleep.

Also in this sleep, Gu Huai passively received a considerable amount of information. There was no chance to refuse, and all of this information went into his mind.

After Gu Huai finally compiled the information, or passed on the memory, he finally had a relatively intuitive understanding of the world and his current situation.

The world he travels to is a world in the background of the interstellar future. In this world, there are various alien races besides humans.

While the entire Star Age is still in the Old Age, wars between ethnic groups are frequent, and aggression and aggression are performed on different planets almost every day.

It was not until the establishment of the Star Alliance in the new era that StarCraft gradually entered the era of peace. Many ethnic groups began to transmit friendly signals and establish diplomatic relations. The relationship became more and more harmonious under the trade exchanges with or without exchanges.

There is only one race exception, even if it is a new era, it is still an ally.

There are no allies, and there are still many enemies, especially since the old man has been fighting from the old era to the new era. The relationship is so bad that you need to describe it with deadly enemies.

This race is a Zerg, and it is also the race to which Gu Huai belongs.

The label of the Zerg in the eyes of other interstellar races is very clear.

Cruel, dangerous, not easy to provoke.

In the old era, Zerg was the most terrible invader. Every Zerg was a natural and excellent soldier. They were not afraid of death. The lack of emotional racial nature made these Zerg without mercy when dealing with the enemy.

Moreover, the execution of the Zerg forces is far superior to that of other races. They are absolutely obedient to the superior orders, never questioning and asking, which makes the Zerg army extremely terrifying.

After the crossing, even humans are not. Gu Hua spent a while to accept this fact, but this is not the most important thing for Gu Huai.

The thing that makes him most digested is that his current identity seems to be... the king of the Zerg who was just born.

The Zerg society has a very obvious class nature, just like a pyramid, and the Zerg in the lower class will not have any dissatisfaction, and they will unconditionally surrender to the superior.

This is determined by the nature and instinct of the Zerg. In other eyes, it is sometimes very difficult to understand.

Gu Huai is now at the top of this pyramid.

I don't know how long it took to wake up. When I woke up again and opened my eyes, Gu Huai found that she was lying back to the closed space where he was the first to stay. The whole person couldn't help but stay for a second.

The difference from the previous one is that the place where he lies is somehow swaying from side to side, and he feels the swaying clearly in his lying.

Ok, this is really not a dream.

Once I was born and cooked again, I didn’t have to work hard to knock on the shell again. Gu Huai’s action was quite skillful to sit up and poke a head out of the hollow above.

This time, the probe, Gu Huai did not accidentally and tens of dozens of scarlet mullion, and understood the reasons for the shaking.

In front of him, a huge Tak zerg is gently pushing the eggshell with its forearm -

Yes, it is an eggshell.

The light in the cave is a little brighter than before. In this environment, Gu Huai finally saw that the place he was waiting for was the interior of a large white egg.

Gu Huai still remembers that when he first started, his imagination was rich and he thought that he was staying in an egg, but he never imagined that this illusion became a reality.

I don't know if it is an illusion. When Gu Huai felt that he was looking out from the eggshell, the scarlet eyes of this group of Tektrones who were guarding him outside were bright and staring at him. How serious and serious is the line of sight.

The cubs poked a head out of the eggshell to observe the outside world, and the Tucker worms who watched the process all had the same psychological feelings.

lovely.

This vocabulary does not exist in the Zerg. For the lower zerg who do not have much wisdom, it is difficult for them to understand the meaning of the word, but these Tucker worms clearly appear in their extremely scarce emotions. Touched.

At the same time that Gu Huai poked his head out of the eggshell, the eggshell stopped shaking.

Cub wakes up = don't need to sleep~ don't need to push the eggshell

This cognition made it difficult for the queuing to wait until the tucker larvae that could push the eggshell contracted slightly, and a low-pitched, unclear voice continued to linger in the throat.

After Gu Huai slept in the eggshell, the original eggshell was only pushed by the Tak worm that was the first to try, but later the other Zerg in the cave looked at it, and they all wanted to push.

They all want to sleep young people, but there is only one eggshell. After a brief and short-term exchange, these Tucker worms have discussed the method of “queuing in turns”.

Every insect pushes 600 to replace a worm, and when Gu Huai wakes up, the Tak worms in front of him have actually been shifting several times.

The Tak zerg in front of Gu Huai has just pushed more than two hundred. When Gu Huai shows that he wants to come out of this eggshell, this Tak worm does not stop him, but it is low in the throat. The head is slightly lowered when the sound is low.

This allowed Gu Huai to prepare to jump out of the eggshell and stop it when he was halfway through it.

Although there is no language and dialogue, from the performance and perceived emotions of this Tak zerg, Gu Huai found that the Tak zerg in front of him seemed to want to continue pushing the eggshell.

These Zerg are treating them as cubs that need to sleep?

This cognition made Gu Huai unable to silence for a few seconds, but this is a more obvious manifestation of love, and it is simple and direct, so that Gu Huai has no way to ignore it.

That's not it... he will lie down for a while.

Thinking about it, Gu Huai slowly swung his hands and rubbed his eyes, showing a bit of sleepiness, and then retracted into the huge eggshell under the watch of the Tak.

Because the line of sight was obscured, Gu Huai did not see the light in the scarlet eyes of the Tak worm standing in front of the eggshell when he lay back inside the eggshell. The Tak zerg almost immediately lifted up. Its forearm gently pushes the eggshell in front of it.

Although I didn't see this picture, Gu Huai, who was lying in the eggshell, clearly felt that it was a happy mood in this Tak worm.

If you make them happy, there is nothing wrong with it...

Gu Huai An An was lying in the eggshell for a while, and when the eggshell paused and shaken, he finally got up and went out from the big white egg.

When Gu Huaiyi came out of the eggshell, he immediately felt a tension from the surrounding Tucker worms, especially as he walked a step forward. These Tucker worms suddenly huddled and stared at the ground.

Gu Huai: "..."

This is mostly afraid that he will fall again.

One to two, Gu Huai is almost able to understand the psychological activities of these Tak Zerg.

After a moment of aphasia, Gu Huai bent down with helplessness and appeased: "I won't fall again, you don't have to worry."

Can't understand.

Because of the lack of wisdom, it is difficult to understand the language, but these Tucker worms are happy to make a low snoring when they see Gu Huai's eyes.

The expression of youth is a joy of joy, and their king is willing to smile, and they will be very happy.

After crossing to another world, it has become a king of alien races. What to do after the truth, Gu Huai has no clue.

Just looking at the present, Gu Huai’s current consideration is just how to live with the Tak Zerg who guards him.

The first thing that needs to be solved is the problem of food -

Suddenly, the stomach suddenly screamed and protested. It seemed quite clear in the silent cave. When I heard the sound, Gu Huai felt the hunger after knowing it.

Not counting the actions of Gu Huai, several Tak worms have begun to pile up a variety of ... probably fruit-like things in front of him.

These fruits are the foods that the Tak worms have prepared very early. Although they don’t know when the cubs that were born in the big white eggs will be willing to be born, and with the expectation, these Tak zergs have been in this cave. I have prepared a lot of food.

After the cubs are born, they can use these fruits as complementary foods while eating the eggshells.

The stored foods will go out and find new food when they have broken down because of the time.

The day and night replacement is meaningless to these Tucker worms. They just waited quietly. Just thinking that the king would one day be willing to break the shell, this long wait is full of joy.

Gu Huai picked up a fruit from the ground. The fruit grows a bit strange. It is about the size of a coconut. It has a black hard-painted hard shell on the outside, and it also has a triangular thorn like a durian.

Gu Huai slammed the thorns on the top of the fruit and found that he couldn't move. So he simply knocked the fruit on the ground like a knock on an egg, trying to knock the fruit shell out of a crack.

However, after such a busy life, Gu Huai found silently that the fruits in his hands were not moving at all.

awkward……

Self-reliance failed, Gu Hua looked at the Tektrones who were watching him. He walked to the Tak worm who was closest to him and stood up, tangled, and finally raised the fruit to the other side.

The young cub couldn't bite the fruit, and the Tucker worms in the cave suddenly understood this from the actions of the young people in front of them.

This must be the fault of the fruit is too hard, the group of Zerg immediately made a judgment.

Although the larvae's cubs are quite aggressive compared to other races, even younger teeth can penetrate steel in the case of hard biting, but the youth in front of them are very weak.

Just falling and hurting, the skin of the youth in front of them is not as strong as the high zerg, and it is completely unsuitable for combat in any respect.

Didn't let Gu Huai wait for a long time, the Tak worm in front of him quickly flattened a few horns and opened a hole with the tip of his forearm, and then waited to see him start eating. Look like.

Holding a fruit with a good hole, Gu Huai easily feels the sight of the group of Zerg in front of him.

Even eating and eating must be collectively onlookers. This makes Gu Huai unable to hold back and draw a squint. However, in the face of these happy Tak worms, he immediately gave up and thought, forget it, look at it, anyway. It will not drop meat.

This strange fruit is a coconut-like juice that can be drunk inside. Gu Huai holds a few mouthfuls of juice. The sweet juice moisturizes his mouth and slightly relieves his hunger.

At this time, Gu Huai’s line of sight just moved to the eggshell not far away, followed by a thing that caused Gu Huai’s eyelids to jump. He looked at the huge white eggshell and even had an appetite in a moment— -

Is he hungry? ?

The eggshell is the best nutritious food for the larvae born in the shell. The inheritance memory received by Gu Huai does not include this detail, and the racial instinct tells him indirectly.

The strong appetite generated by the instinct made Gu Huai hard to resist. He stood still and stared at the eggshell for a while. Finally, he still couldn’t hold back and took another small white egg from the place he had broken before. shell.

The cockroaches were all stunned, Gu Huai hesitated for less than a second, trying to put the eggshell into his mouth and bite.

"Hey."

Milky aroma, crispy.

Just eating a small piece, Gu Huai soon became full of sensation, and the feeling of warmth on his body was very comfortable.

Only when he had enough to eat, after Gu Huai finished the eggshell, he picked up a few fruits from the ground and lifted his feet to the Tucker who were staring at him.

I thought that the young people still wanted to drink the juice of the fruit. The Tak worms who thought about this model quickly opened a hole in the hard fruits of the young hands.

"I don't want to, it is for you to eat." Gu Huai Wen explained that he continued to raise the fruit, eyes and the front of the Zerg's scarlet erect.

I heard Gu Huai say that the Tak Zerg in front of Gu Huaizhen smashed his head. After finally understanding that the young man wanted to hand this fruit to him, the Tak worm carefully lifted his forearm and extended it with it. The forearm component of the outfit clamps the fruit.

This really requires very careful control of the force, so that the fruit will not be crushed directly.

To be honest, the size of this fruit is probably only enough for the tall Tak worms to sew the teeth, and the whole thing is thrown into the mouth and chewed and chewed.

But the Tucker who got the fruit didn't put the fruit in its mouth full of sharp teeth. The Tucker saw the fruit with scarlet eyes for a long time, and then cherished the fruit very cherished. Hidden in a hidden place in the cave.

I am reluctant to eat, because this is what Gu Huai gave it.

Gu Huai looked at the whole process. When he found himself being stared at by other Tektronians who had not received the fruit, he was not sure about the feeling of moving his heart. What is it.

Probably I feel very warm and hope that these good Zerg will be happy.

This bowl of water still has to be flat, and finally Gu Huai gave a fruit to each worm, which is what he intended to do.

The Tucker who got their own gifts carefully hid this gift. Although it was only fruit, it was different from the youth.

The more you look at the young black-haired youth in front of them, the more the Tak worms in the caves understand the meaning of "protection."

Their world, the world wrapped in the black universe, is too cruel to the young.

The youth in front of them are very weak and not suitable for fighting, but it does not matter.

- Wang should come to be protected.

Although living conditions are not very good, it is quite good to be able to live with these Tucker worms. Gu Huai is very optimistic.

After this remote abandoned planet was born just one day, Gu Huai, who is living with a group of Tak worms, still doesn’t know, in other stars outside the planet, because he had unconsciously issued the road before he fell. Spiritual links, what kind of violent turmoil has occurred throughout the Zerg. 



Chapter 4 

Speaking of the Zerg turmoil caused by Gu Huai's unconscious, this matter has to start from ten hours ago.

The spiritual link is the innate ability of Gu Huai as the king of the Zerg. The role of this ability is to build a spiritual link, and Gu Huai can convey his consciousness to any Zerg.

It can be either a single target with a goal, or a group that is large enough to cover the entire race, and there is no distance limit.

As long as Gu Huai thinks, no matter how far away from him, the Zerg will receive his spiritual link.

Because Gu Huai’s planet is a very remote abandoned planet, there are no other intelligent creatures on the planet except for dozens of Tak worms in the cave. His broken shell was born with only these Tak worms. know.

However, when he fell down half a day ago, due to the painful stimulation, Gu Huai instinctively built a spiritual link.

And this spiritual link is still a group of hairstyles.

Comparing the Zerg to a group chat group, the effect of Gu Huai’s spiritual link is that he suddenly came to the whole group in the group.

The consequences can be imagined.

In the entire universe, all races that engage with Zerg forces should have the same feeling at this time -

"Hey, this group of zergs are eating fried medicine. ah?!"

The lower zerg in the Zerg army suddenly violently violently stared at them one by one, and the fighting power soared to make the soldiers of other races unprepared, and even a little more aggressive.

These low-ranking Zerg stared at the eyes they saw, as if they had done anything sinful and unforgivable.

What is even more compelling is that the Zerg’s troops suddenly vented their anger and screamed for less than a minute. Soon they turned their heads like air and turned around without a fight. The speed of the retreat was almost chasing. .

This has confuse the various ethnic groups that were already prepared to abandon the occupation of the new resource star.

All the star resources in the interstellar that have not yet registered data belong to the unowned territory. The race that first discovered and occupied the planet can obtain the ownership of this resource star.

If the multi-party forces find it at the same time, it is also simple, or it is divided into consultations. If you don’t agree, you will directly fight. The party that retreats first counts as a voluntary waiver of possession of the planet.

So now the situation is that the Zerg forces clearly fight well with them, even in the case of military suppression of them, suddenly patted the **** and told them not to fight, and handed the resource star directly to They...

Is there such a good thing in this interstellar?

This wave of Zerg's operation made the various ethnic groups look like a squad, but they had just faced a group of collective violent Zerg soldiers who had a lingering fear. Although they felt that the situation was abnormal, they did not want to go to the worms at this time.

Although Gu Huai’s spiritual link was very short, it was enough to announce his existence to the entire Zerg.

The higher zergs with normal wisdom still have the ability to think, and the low-level zergs that lack wisdom are more directly responsive, and they have begun to look for instinct.

where is it……

The universe is too broad, and only a short moment of spiritual links can't make these Zerg determine their king's position.

But the king calls them, then they must find them.

As a person who caused this series of things, Gu Huai, who still lives on a remote planet, knew nothing about it. After the day he first crossed, he spent two days on the planet.

This planet is an abandoned planet with poor resources and very harsh environment. After two days of life, Gu Huai has already understood this.

On this planet, there are probably no other intelligent creatures besides him and the surrounding Tucker.

Most of the original species that can adapt to the harsh environment of this planet are very fierce. Of course, the murderer is also fierce.

There is a king in the cave, or a king of cubs. These big, dangerous and terrifying Tucker Guards around the entrance to this cave are highly alert and show directly to any creatures attempting to approach the nest. Aggressive.

These Tuckers do not make any representations, and the behavior near the nest is marked as a threat in the eyes of these Tuckers.

The threat must be removed because the king cannot take any harm.

Gu Huai thought that after two days of experience, he already understood the Tak zerg's kind of protection mentality like his parents, but until one thing happened this morning, Gu Huai knew that his parents were protecting him. To what extent.

Even the hole is going to fly in a yellow butterfly, and this butterfly is in danger.

Preventing the occurrence of this scene, Gu Huai unknowingly smoked his mouth.

The world is very wonderful. A fragile creature like a butterfly is stubbornly living on a barren planet that cannot be survived by a large wild beast.

This butterfly, who didn’t know that he almost died, was ignorant and naively fluttering his wings to Gu Huai’s hand and stopped on Gu Huai’s back.

It’s true that the butterfly is right, it may adapt to the environment and become a variant, but it still has no lethality.

When the young butterfly stopped on the back of Gu Huai's hand, the Tak worms around him tightened for a moment.

Although these Tektrons listened to Gu Huai's intention to not attack, they now sent a hoarse voice from the throat to represent warnings and threats, and the scarlet cockroaches stared straight at the butterfly.

"It can't hurt me." Gu Huai slowed down his voice and explained patiently.

Seeing that these Tucker worms were unmoved, Gu Huai looked at the butterfly. He suddenly picked up his foot and placed the butterfly on the sharp forearm of the Tak zerg.

This yellow-eyed butterfly is very obediently parked on the top, weak and unaware of the dangers around.

Good-looking scenery needs to be embellished. For example, Gu Huai feels that this scene of the butterfly resting on the forearm of the Tektrona is very harmonious.

"Look, is it very beautiful?" Gu Huai smiled and said.

Hearing this sentence, the Tektronix, who had a butterfly on his sharp forearm, licked his head, stared at the young butterfly for a while, then looked up at Gu Huai and made a little bit in his throat. Low voice.

Pretty.

This term is also not in the understanding of these Tucker worms, but because the young people in front of them are cringing and smiling when they say the word, they think that this is a word that represents good things.

Of course, in the eyes of these Tuckers, the most beautiful thing in the world is the young black-haired youth in front of them.

There is nothing for entertainment on the abandoned planet. Outside the huge cave, Gu Huai can see a ridiculous scene.

The dust and sand are flying, the vegetation is very sparse, and the water source is not seen.

However, if you go to the east, you will see a small piece of wood. The fruit that Gu Huai had eaten before was picked by the Tak zerg in this wood.

There is still a lot of food left, but because Gu Huai wants to go out to explore the cave, Gu Huai stands in front of the Tak worm headed by him, then lifts his finger to the place where the woods in the east are located.

"I want to go there."

The Tak zerg, which was looked up by Gu Huai, was the tallest one in the surrounding family. If Gu Huai was absent, the Tak Zerg would not be the leader of this small army.

The place where the youth wants to point, the Tak zerg quickly understood the meaning of Gu Huai.

For any requirement of Gu Huai, these Tak zergs would not refuse, so after a group of zergs followed suit, Gu Huai went to his destination smoothly.

Understand the nervous attitude of this group of Tak Zerg, and Gu Huai will be separated into their sights along the way, and they will not be worried about it.

Most of the trees in the woods are black lacquered, just like the color of the shell of the fruit that Gu Huai had eaten before, like charred charcoal.

A few trees of normal color were golden yellow fruits, which were very eye-catching in a black lacquered color. Gu Huai saw it and suddenly wanted to pick it.

However, this tree is really too tall, Gu Huai can only stand in the vicinity to have an eye addiction, as for climbing trees or something... or forget it.

The cub stared at the fruit on the tree for a few seconds, and even though it didn't express anything, the surrounding Tucker Zombies thought it was what they wanted.

And they found that the cubs seemed to want to reach out and pick them up.

Realizing this, the Tak zerg, headed by him, approached Gu Huai and leaned over to him.

Gu Huai: "?"

Gu Huai looked at his doubtful eyes. Although he did not know what the Tak Zerg wanted to do, he still stood still, because he understood that the other party would not hurt him.

In the next second, the huge Tak Zerg extended his forearm to Gu Huai, and it was not easy to complete the action of picking him up, and then carefully placed him on the left shoulder.

As the height changed, Gu Huai’s vision suddenly became broad, and the surrounding scenery became different in his eyes.

Sitting on the shoulder of a Tektron, Gu Huai still had no reaction, and in the middle or two seconds he was squatting, the Tektrona had carried him to the one he had just looked up. Under the golden fruit.

"Oh..." Put the youth in a place where you can pick up the fruit just by stretching your hand. This Tak zerg screams at this moment.

This will make you happy.

Gu Huai reached out and took the fruit. He looked down at the golden fruit held in his hand for a while, and suddenly rubbed his cheek with the skull of the Tak worm covering the hard shell.

At about the same time, the cockle of the Tucker genus contracted from a relaxed state into a needle, and the sound in the throat became clearer at once.

The other Tak worms who saw this scene around have been staring at them with scarlet eyes, and they have all learned to move Gu Huai to their shoulders.

They also want to be close to the youth.

The weather on the starry sky is very varied. In some areas, it is often the first second or the sun, and there is no warning in the last second.

The weather grandfather is probably still a good temper today. At first it was just a pattering rain, so that Gu Huai, who was out and the Tak Zerg around him, could have enough reaction time.

It’s raining, and these Tucker zerds have no concept of hiding from the rain.

They can survive in the harsh living environment, and the rain is not a big deal.

But the king can't.

Instinctive, the Tak Zerg carrying Gu Huai put Gu Huai down.

When Gu Huai stood on the ground, the Tak worm quickly covered Gu Huai's body with a huge body, like a mountain standing like a boulder.

Then the youth will not rain.

Like this weather, will their kings feel cold?

If young people feel cold, how can they get warm things and let their kings stay in a comfortable environment?

The sound of the drip of the ticking sounds around, and the only thoughts of this group of Tak worms are all related to Gu Huai.

The rain on the abandoned planet is corrosive, and the trees that can grow in this environment can be said to be very tenacious.

It is often raining in this wooded area, because exposure to the rain can cause damage, and the fierce native species on the planet are not close to the forest.

Often come to this grove, probably only these Tucker worms.

They are coming here to collect the fruits and prepare the food after the baby is born.

Although there will be some damage, for these Tak worms with strong defenses, the rain in this place is basically not painful for them.

Back to the cave will naturally recover after a day, and these Tak zergs will not treat this small damage as an injury.

"Let's go back soon." In fact, it was not long before I came out to explore, but I didn't want the surrounding Tak Zerg to continue to rain. Gu Huai immediately made a decision.

The rain on this planet is not the same as ordinary rain. Gu Huai has already discovered this.

If you can make an umbrella...

On the way back to the cave, Gu Huai asked a Tak worm to cut a few branches to bring him back. After returning to the cave, Gu Huai sat on the ground and stared at the branches.

When Gu Huai recalled that he had just broken his shell, he unconsciously used some ability to make the clothes he wore.

At that time, he was thinking that he had a piece of clothing, and then the eggshell on his hand disappeared out of thin air, and the clothes appeared on him.

Then can he understand this as an ability similar to equivalent exchange...?

The most primitive substance that makes up the fabric is fiber. This substance is found in the eggshell. Besides, the Zerg's cub is not an ordinary egg. It is reasonable to exchange a piece of clothing.

With a basic understanding of his abilities, Gu Huai put his hands on the long branches and huge leaves on the ground, trying to imagine the appearance of the umbrella in his mind.

The branches are ribs, the leaves are umbrellas, and the umbrellas are bigger.

In a blink of an eye, some of the branches and leaves that Gu Huai touched disappeared, and as he wished, there was a new creation on the ground that could be used as an umbrella.

Exquisiteness is not so refined, and even a little ugly, but Gu Huai happily picked up this ugly umbrella from the ground, and then walked to the front of the Tucker Zombies who are watching him. Lift the umbrella up and show them.

"Give it to you." Gu Huai handed this new creation to the Tak Zerg in front of him, with a smile in his eyes.

The Tektron worm gently clamped the umbrella handle of the umbrella with the extension of the forearm. The scarlet cockroach stared at it and looked at it for a while.

I don't know what this thing is for, but it doesn't prevent the Tucker people from being happy, because the youth gives them gifts.

Gu Huai still wants to make a few more umbrellas, but the consumption of mental energy makes him feel very disappointing and feels a strong sleepiness and drowsiness. He once again fell asleep directly on the ground.

As a zerg, Gu Huai's situation is very special. He has not been born in cubs for decades, and when he was pregnant, his body has grown to adulthood with a humanoid form. But the mental strength is still only the level of the young.

Therefore, he will appear to be very sleepy after building a wide range of spiritual links or abilities.

Just as Gu Huai fell asleep during this time, far away from the Santa Galaxy, which is separated by hundreds of stars, a unilateral overwhelming battle has just ended.

The Saqi people who ruled this galaxy were the most powerful races in the interstellar group, but these Saqi soldiers were lying on the ground at this time, and they only had one enemy.

It is easy to judge from the shape that the person in the center of the battle circle is a Zerg and is a higher Zerg.

The higher zerg have an appearance similar to that of humans, but their eyes are unified in erect, and the body retains a certain zerg characteristics.

The high-level Zerg in the center of the battle circle is now in a state of expressionlessness, because wearing a black eye mask that covers his eyes makes it impossible to see his emotions from his eyes, so it is even more difficult to distinguish the mood.

Although obscuring the eyes, from the contours of other facial features, this higher Zerg is undoubtedly possessing an unusually beautiful face, but it is extremely cold due to lack of expression.

It is clear that the battle has just ended. The militant sentiment has not yet been eliminated from the heart of Yalves. He is indifferent to the battlefield where there is no enemy, and with the impatient look of the blood on the tip of the tail.

Like a dangerous beast that has just been hunted but still unfinished.

Very noisy...

Even if blindfolded to prevent you from seeing tangible things, the ear will instinctively capture the sound, and the superior zerg's superior hearing ability has only a negative impact on Yalves.

There were countless sounds mixed, and the noise was so irritating that he didn't know how far he was from being completely mad.

A few hundred meters away from here, a group of higher zergs in black military uniforms are watching from afar, and dare not approach at this time.

"The recent emotional state of the boss seems to be getting more and more unstable..." Looking at the silver worm that was still in the center of the battle circle, Alger said in a worried tone.

Other higher Zerg who heard this sentence around did not say anything, but they also agreed with Alger.

I don't know for what reason, their heads will fall into the kind of irrational abnormal state like the Tak zerg violent at regular intervals. At this time, they can only say who is unlucky to their leader.

As an adjutant, Alger needs more than a headache.

One of the most troublesome things he has now is that, because of the short-lived spiritual links that have been received before, many of the higher Zerg in the battleship are like the lost souls, and some even want to leave alone to find the king... ...

Because the spiritual link was very short, and because the distance was extremely far away, Wang was just not born with strong mental strength. This spiritual link is not very clear, so the influence is limited.

But even then, Alger has been listening to the lost souls of the warships for two days -

"Wang...what is the king being bullied on another planet?"

"Wang must be bullied, it is the voice that will be sent out."

"Wang Cai was just born, it’s just a cub... if someone meets a hostile race..."

As long as they think that the king of the cub might be caught by the enemy, they will soon feel suffocated.

I haven't left to look for it because they are desperately patient. If the king gives them a spiritual link, they will probably directly betray the incumbent leader, regardless of where they are going.

Alger listened to these words and was in a complicated mood.

No... I can't think about it anymore, and he can't help but want to find it if he thinks.

The Zerg had no king, and even they themselves thought that the higher Zerg belonging to the a class like their leader was already the top power of the Zerg, but their cognition was completely broken by a spiritual link two days ago.

What the subordinates who are not hundreds of meters away are doing, and the irritating feeling of not being able to calm down in the battle makes the body temperature of the silver worms become more and more cold and terrible.

There is only one line left between reason and madness.

This limit is likely to come at any time, just as the irritability accumulates to the moment when it will erupt, a voice that is directly conveyed to the consciousness makes Arviston live.

Call... don't be angry...

Gu Huai can perceive the Zerg emotions. This is not necessarily active. When a Zerg is too emotional, he may passively receive it.

In his sleep, he perceives a sharp, almost mad mind, and Gu Huai subconsciously appease.

The repressed irritability and the desire for destruction suddenly faded, because of this voice, something in the heart of Arvis was able to stop on the verge of collapse.

His world was quiet for a moment. 



Chapter 5 

The voice that is conveyed in consciousness is very gentle, like a nightmare.

This spiritual link is still going on, but the voice master is no longer talking.

The ear still instinctively captures all the sounds in the surrounding environment, but these sounds that often make Yalves feel impatient and irritated seem to suddenly disappear. He can hear only the shallow breathing sound in consciousness. .

This is not the first time that Arvis heard this voice. Like other Zerg, he received the extremely short spiritual link two days ago.

At that time, he was just in the middle of the battle and was caught in a high militancy.

Unlike other Zerg, Arvis does not have any appetite for this spiritual link.

Perhaps because he is a class of Zerg, or perhaps because he was originally a heterogeneity in the Zerg, he was only irritated by this spiritual link.

I don't understand the reason, but this kind of irritability can't even vent the battle, and the sharpness almost pushes him to the point where he wants to simply abandon his reason.

But now that he heard the sound for the second time, he was comforted.

It’s hard to understand what caused these two differences. The sound of the breath that I heard made Yalves unconsciously shake his silver tail, and the gas field that was supposed to be described by the cold and horrible turned into a gas field. Ordinary cold.

This is the meaning of the alarm being lifted.

Alger, who was hiding in the distance of a few hundred meters to watch his own battles, quickly discovered this. He ran away without saying anything.

"Head, where are we going next?" With some kind of shake in the bottom of my heart, Alger looked at the silver worms in front of him.

Yalves’ expression was very indifferent and he did not answer immediately. In his silence, Alger said: “There is something to report to you. Some soldiers in our army left alone, and their subordinates did not stop them. ......"

It was not stopped, not stopped.

In Alger's selfishness, although he himself suppressed the shake and did not leave to look for the king, he hoped that other Zerg could find it.

He hoped that the precious things he could not see could be protected, so Alger did not manage the Zerg who should have been counted as a traitor.

Restraining that shake is already their limit, not just Alger, the other Zerg in the fleet watching his peers are also affected by the same selfishness, so they will pretend to treat this betrayal as invisible.

Even if there is only one person, only one person can find it. Hurry up and protect the king...

"Why don't you and others leave?" Didn't say anything to the traitor, Arvis asked blankly.

"If you want to leave, Euler should also go with you." Yalves's tone is cold, and it is because of this that it is more difficult to distinguish emotions.

Yula refers to the Zerg-specific biological warship.

Like the Tucker, Euler is also one of the Zerg communities, and it is a group that provides assistance to the Zerg in transportation and air combat.

It is obviously different from warships of other races. The Zerg warship is a self-conscious living body. In other ethnic eyes, it is a cosmic monster that can be changed arbitrarily.

"This is not thinking, can't betray you so easily... You didn't give orders, we can't find it." Alger shouted. "However, what I think is, I don't know, the worst result." It was Yula who left us running silently."

This is really possible. If a self-aware warship wants to leave, a move can leave the current planet, and the higher Zerg without the vehicle can't go to the universe.

As for the feeling of Alger, their Yula warship may not be far from the temper.

"Let's go." Arvis no longer looked at him and moved to the battleship.

Where are you going?

Alger did not immediately ask this question. He followed the observation of the indifference of the silver worms in front of him. Somehow he came to a conclusion that surprised him.

"You mean... go to the king?!" It has been very hard to restrain, and Alger still can't hide the joy in his tone.

If Yalves did not deny it, it would be the default meaning, so the higher Zerg who returned to the battleship and got the news collectively entered the state of joy.

The racist nature of the Zerg is a lack of affection, which determines that it is difficult for them to have strong emotions, so the joy from the heart has never been seen for them.

Taking humans as a comparison, humans will smile when they are happy and cry when they are sad, but the two emotions and expressions are too strange for the Zerg.

So the higher Zerg on the battleship is now very happy, but they don't know what kind of expression to use to convey this emotion.

This group of higher zergs are now squinting one by one -

"When I see the king, what gift do I have to give the king?"

"I don't know what kind of gift Wang likes..."

"Wang will you be happy to see us?"

The more discussion, the brighter the eyes of this group of higher Zerg, Alger forcibly resisted the desire to join the discussion, stood next to their leader and said: "The spiritual link that Wang gave us is too short, there is no way to determine the specific location. Which planet do you think we should look for from?"

"He is here." Exhaling the virtual star map, Yalves directly pointed to a very remote star field on the navigation map that recorded countless planets.

Alger’s glance, just because of the short-lived spiritual link, there is no way to determine the location anyway. Their leader can know the location so accurately, that means...

"Wang... Wang called you?" Alger couldn't help but ask.

call?

Arvis quietly listened to the breathing in the consciousness, the sound that made his world quiet, and he couldn’t figure out what attitude he wanted to treat. .

Hearing the response, Alger set his heart.

There is a range that is much better than a range, a star field, and it will not take much time, they will soon be able to turn all the stars in this star field.

But even if the Yula warships had the highest speed and maximum number of jumps in excitement, they still arrived in this overly remote star field three days later.

On the day of the abandoned planet where the higher zergs landed, Gu Huaizheng and the Tucker worms went to the grove that he had not explored before.

In these few days, Gu Huai has used his ability to create a sufficient number of umbrellas and taught these Tak zergs how to fight umbrellas.

"It is necessary to raise it to the top of the head like this, so that you will not get rain." Gu Huai took an umbrella to demonstrate and carefully showed the Tak Zerg to the correct umbrella position.

After completing the demonstration, Gu Huai’s umbrella lifted the hand to the Tak Zerg in front of him and looked up at each other.

The Tak zerg clamped the handle with the extension of the forearm. The scarlet eyes stared at the umbrella for a while, then licked his head and raised the umbrella up to Gu Huai's head.

Gu Huai never imagined that this would be the result. He reluctantly scratched his cheek and looked at the scarlet scorpion of the Tak worm. He patiently said, "I want to raise it to your own head."

The light just said no, Gu Huai pushed the umbrella that was being lifted to his head and pushed it all the way to the Tak Zerg who gave him the umbrella.

Until the umbrella finally went to the correct position, Gu Huai bent down and said, "Well, that's how it is."

Although the Stars have no things for entertainment, this does not prevent Gu Huai from entertaining himself. It is also interesting to explore the new location in Gu Huai’s eyes.

The gray-blue sky was under the drizzle of rain. Gu Huai was sitting on the shoulder of a Tak zerg and was carried to the grove before him. With an umbrella, the Tucker genus around Guhuai was no longer I should use the body to stop him from rain.

With his feet on the ground, Gu Huai walked with an umbrella to the place he had thought of in the past few days.

It was on the edge of a huge stone, and in the gap between the stone and the ground, a pure white flower grew.

At this time, a huge Yula warship had just landed on the planet.

Landing on this abandoned planet, more than a hundred high-ranking Zerg from this Ula warship fell silent because of the ridiculous scenery they saw.

Was Wang Hui born on this planet...

Under the severe pollution, it turned into a gray-blue sky, and the sand and stones flew. In the place covered by the dust and sand, it was faintly able to see some abandoned buildings that were buried after the collapse.

This is a very common look at abandoned planets.

In the interstellar era, because of the many planets that can live and survive, many resource stars are treated as disposable items, and the occupants consume the planet resources without limit, until the net value of the planet is completely drained, the planet becomes Abandon the planet.

The environment of abandoned planets is very harsh, so bad that even people of some races can't set foot without wearing protective clothing, let alone live on such a planet.

According to records, the planet should have been abandoned planets more than a hundred years ago.

What kind of planet was the birth of Wang Hui?

Before coming to this star field, the higher Zerg who came to look for it always spared no effort to carry out a beautiful imagination.

They want the king to be born on a beautiful planet. There will be gentle sunshine and a breeze on the planet. The green is full of vitality.

The sights in front of them made them feel uncomfortable.

"After finding the king, we will occupy a good-looking planet and give it to the king. The planet on the human side is very beautiful." A higher zerg suddenly said.

"How is one enough! Of course, it is all occupied, let the king pick the one he likes."

"Who are you going to look at the stars on the star network, which planet has the highest score, we will go first."

If the planet is thinking, I am afraid that the planet that looks good now should be frightened, because the group of Zerg who are thinking about the logic of the robbers are serious.

Such a discussion can be described as a triumph in the presence of the leader, but at this time, Arvis only issued instructions for his subordinates to distract.

This planet gives Yalves a slight familiarity, but the abandoned planets are all similar, and it is not unusual to have familiarity.

When the person I was looking for woke up, the spiritual link that was conveyed in the consciousness of Arvis was interrupted, and the noisy voice that he thought disappeared reappeared, and the suppressed irritability accumulated again.

The cumulative speed is also inexplicably several times higher than before. After only a few days, he will not want to be patient.

If, in the past, Arvis should have gone to find someone who can be his opponent, to vent this unpleasantness in battle, but he now does not know what he is continuing to endure.

The subordinates have already dispersed to find, and Yalves looked at the direction of the east and chose to go in this direction with no expression.

Even though the eyes were covered with black eye masks and could not be seen, Jarvis could still know that there was a small forest in the east.

Gu Huai, who was staying in this grove, kneels in front of the white flower he found. Gu Huai didn't want to pick this flower. He just wanted to take a look.

The rhizome of this flower is injured and may be difficult to survive.

Gu Huai stared at the position of the injured flower rhizome. He did not have the ability to heal the damage, but he did not know whether his mental strength helped the flower.

If you pass a lot of mental power, he will estimate that he is going to fall asleep again.

Avoid falling asleep when you are hungry. Gu Huai thought about it. He took out an eggshell from his pocket and put it on his mouth. He then finished a finger and touched the flower petals with his fingertips. .

Because he was concentrating on the spiritual power, Gu Huai did not find that the Tucker zerg, who was watching him nearby, was suddenly very vigilant.

"Oh--" Even if they are facing the same family, these Tucker zergs still choose to show their sharp forearms and teeth, and show their vigilance to the silver worm that came to them.

But they are faced with the higher class Zerg of the a class. The absolute level difference makes these Tucker zergs suppressed, and at this time they can only let the other side continue to approach.

Didn't hear any footsteps, Gu Huai couldn't easily convey the mental power to the injured flower in front of him. In his squinting perspective, a pair of black military boots appeared in his vision.

When Gu Huai squatted, he looked up and saw a silver-haired worm with a black eye patch on his eyes.

This silver-haired worm has an unusually beautiful face, and the light-colored thin lips look particularly beautiful. Even with blindfolded eyes, the facial features seem to make people feel impeccable.

The other side is now looking down at him and staring at him with a cold look.

The fine rain fell on the other side, so that the silver hair was slightly wet, but the higher Zerg still did not move.

I can't always watch people rain like this. Before the language communication, Gu Huai first stood up and walked closer to the other side, and the umbrella on the handle was lifted to the head of the silver worm.

Without hearing the sound and seeing the appearance, Yalves was only able to perceive the existence and proximity of Gu Huai at this time. It was just like this. His noisy and noisy world made him unhappy in an instant. It is.

It is difficult for Yalves to understand the reason, but the silver-gray tail that reflects the true feelings of the owner is once again instinctively moved. This tail wants to approach the youth, but eventually stops at the position to be touched.

This is the first time that Arvis has produced such a contradiction.

He wants to see this person, but because he doesn't want to hurt him, he would rather not see each other. 



Chapter 6 

The first reaction of Gu Huai was of course surprising when he saw a higher zerg on an abandoned planet that was originally thought to be only himself and the Tucker.

Although Gu Huai also liked to have a second reaction, the flower was rejuvenated after the flower that was injured in the root of the nearby root was reinvigorated. He himself felt sleepy as quickly as expected.

This kind of mental sleepiness and sleepiness can't resist, and in just a few seconds, Gu Huai fell into a sleep.

The young man leaned to the side, and Yalves was still just watching and not thinking about it. He didn't move at all, but the silver-gray tail behind him seemed to instinctively encircle the other's body.

The zerg above the gamma class retains a certain part of the racial traits when it progresses into the humanoid form in adulthood, depending on which part of the genus remains, and the ethnic feature that Jarvis retains is the tail.

This silver-gray tail is like a fear of accidentally smashing the body of the circled person. It was only a virtual ring at first, but it was not long before it was tried and tightened until the youth was firmly locked. This tail Not moving.

Yalves looked at his tail with a blank expression.

This tail is part of his body and is used as a weapon during combat, which is very convenient to use.

The tail will not violate the owner's will, nor should he make his own claim, but Arvis found that his tail is not willing to let the circled people loose.

He should be unhappy with the fact that the body parts did not obey himself, but he did not feel annoyed at this time.

Through the touch of the tail, Arvis feels the warmth of the person surrounded by him.

Normally, the Zerg's body temperature is low, and the silver-gray tail of Yalves is completely temperature-free.

The cold tail is in contact with a warm body, and the sharp difference in temperature between the two causes Yalves to have the illusion of being burned for a moment.

Warm, soft, and weak.

If he tightens his tail a little bit at this time, the body of the person he is now trapped will be twisted in an instant.

"Snoring..." Because the sleeping position was not comfortable, Gu Huai frowned at this moment and made a very light dream.

Yalves's mullion was slightly reflexively concealed by hearing this sound, and this change was covered by a black eye mask that was blindfolded.

The eye mask blocked the line of sight. In the black world in front of him, Yalves’s tail automatically and consciously moved the circled youth closer to him. He reached out to the darkness and easily touched the person who was sleeping. .

Yalves silently held the other person in his arms.

This posture is finally easy to sleep, and Gu Huai, who is asleep in the arms of the silver worms, gradually stretches his eyebrows and his breathing becomes lighter.

Seeing this process around, the Tuckers who had been wary of Yalves finally stopped staring at each other with scarlet eyes.

Since the young people are protected by the surrounding Tak zerg, the Tak worms must find a place to be a nest. Yalves brought Gu Huai back to the place under the leadership of the Tak zerg, and then he himself The subordinate sent a location signal.

The higher zergs who received the position signal rushed to the cave, and almost at the moment of their arrival, the higher zergs in black uniforms completely stuck their sights on the young black-haired youth held by their leader.

king--

The great joy touched the minds of these higher Zerg, making them stiff and numb, and all thoughts became blank at this moment.

This sudden and intense emotion could not find a proper vent, and ran rampant in the brain, and eventually some Zerg soldiers vented their emotions through their eyes.

The eyes don't know why the liquid is flowing out. This cool liquid will blur the line of sight, causing them to not see the young people who are sleeping quietly. This makes some of the higher zergs that have this abnormal reaction raise their hands at this time with dissatisfaction and doubt. Wipe it off.

For the Zerg who lacks the feelings of nature, they do not understand what tears are.

Because it is very clear that the leader of his own family does not even like someone close to him within two meters, not to mention the physical contact, except when the enemy is puncture in the battle. This group of higher zergs slowly slowed down when they started to shock each other. When I was holding the youth circle in my arms.

However, Gu Huai’s appeal to them is too great. This group of higher Zerg was less than a second, and all their attention was taken away by the young men in the arms of the silver worms.

The black hair looks very soft, the hair tip is a little messy, and it is lightly attached to the white cheeks because of the side position. The youth's eyelids are quietly crouching, and the long eyelashes are still.

Wang and they are not the same.

In the youth, these higher Zerg did not see any remaining racial characteristics.

Their skin color is cold white, the skin has a very high defense, the ordinary beam weapon can only bring them small scratches, and the youth skin is another kind of whiteness different from them, it seems that it is very easy to get hurt. .

The above is a rational judgment, not a rational one. These higher Zerg people agree at the same time -

Wang... It’s so cute...

The soft black hair is very cute, and the look of quiet sleep is also very cute, even the slight eyelids are very cute.

The more you look at it, the more the eyes of the Zerg are brighter, and the brighter it looks like a little sun.

"The leader, do we immediately take the king to leave this ghost place?" A senior Zerg said with excitement.

Not waiting for Yalves to answer, Alje, as an adjutant, said first: "If the king wakes up and finds himself in a strange place, he may be afraid and maybe. I think we will wait for Wang to wake up."

From the cave, only a small part of the eggshell was eaten. Their king was just born in a shell for a few days, or just a cub.

Although the situation is special, the body has been gestated to adulthood when it is in the egg, but it is only a few days after birth.

Cubs are very frightening, even for Zerg's cubs.

Alger said that the Zerg who had just spoken also found that he was not well-considered and agreed with the former.

Yalves looked at each other with no expression, and acquiesced to the advice of the adjutant.

Waiting for Wang to wake up is also a very happy thing for them. These higher Zerg began to watch their kings wake up.

Also watching the young people who were asleep, the Tuckers in this cave instinctively made a low snoring.

Even if there is a lack of wisdom, when seeing so many high-ranking Zerg, these Tucker worms vaguely understand...

The cubs they care for may have to go to other planets.

These more powerful families will take the youth to another planet that is more beautiful than here. On that planet, the youth will get everything they want, and the planet will be protected by many higher zerg. .

In this way, young people do not need them, they do not have the reasons and values ​​to stay with the youth.

With this kind of cognition and understanding, these Tucker worms instinctively made a sound.

Because I am happy that the cub can go to a more beautiful planet.

Because I am happy that the baby can get better care and protection.

Because I don’t give up. 



Chapter 7 

The weather on the abandoned planet was very hot recently. Even if Gu Huai was wearing only thin clothing, this hot weather still made him uncomfortable.

However, in the wild star, I couldn’t force a good living environment, and I didn’t want to worry about these Tak Zerg people. Gu Huai did not express any dissatisfaction with the existing living environment.

A similar experience, in fact, Gu Huai was also a child.

When you are in a welfare home at an early age, if you meet the summer, you will almost encounter this situation.

Because the economic conditions of the children's welfare home at that time were not very good, the house could only afford a fan.

Gu Huai remembers that when the summer was particularly hot, the adults who took care of them kindly sent ice packs to each child every day. They were cold and cold, and they felt particularly comfortable when they put their cheeks on them.

Sleeping stupidly, Gu Huai vaguely felt something cold and cold on his stomach. To be precise, this cold object circled his waist and drove away the heat.

Taking this cold and cold thing into an ice pack, Gu Huai unconsciously reached out and explored in his sleep, and when his fingertips touched, his hand quickly touched the cold object.

It’s not enough to touch it. Although Gu Huai is aware that the things he touches don’t seem to be ice cubes, the low cold temperature of this object really makes him like it. He can’t help but touch it and touch it.

After going back and forth for several times in this way, Gu Huai was satisfied with his hand on the top.

This series of actions by Gu Huai caused a group of high-level Zerg who had been gazing at the front to tighten their bodies. They stared at the silver worms who were being touched by the young people, fearing that the other party would use this article in the next moment. The tail broke the neck of the youth.

As a preserved racial trait, at least in this group of higher zerg cognitions, this silver-gray tail has never been touched by anyone other than the owner.

Their leader used this tail to circle the youth's waist, but it did not mean that the latter could be allowed to touch.

If the eyes are not covered by black cloth, the Zerg soldiers who are present will feel that the silver worms in front of them must be slightly erected.

This is the expression of the other party's unhappy mood. As long as you see it, you will understand that this is undoubtedly a dangerous gesture.

The spiritual link does not seem to have a significant effect on the class A Zerg, because knowing the temper of his own leader, the higher Zerg in this cave now almost pauses breathing because of panic.

If the leader makes an attack, can they catch up with the king?

The inner voice gave a negative answer in the next moment, so these Zerg soldiers became even more panic.

However, after a few seconds, the silver-gray tail that was closely stared by the high-ranking Zerg did not move. So I continued to quietly continue to circle the young waist, and it did not seem to show any dissatisfaction.

What made these higher zerg really stunned was that the young man who had not put his hand on the tail suddenly moved the tail up to his arms, hugged his hands directly, and put his cheeks on his cheeks. I posted it and licked it.

What kind of power this tail has, the zerg soldiers in the First Army of the Zerg are no longer clear.

Their chiefs only need to squat at the end, and the objects that are hit by this tail, even the steel, must be completely sunken.

With this power, if their leader disagrees, it is impossible for a young man who is falling asleep to pull this tail.

Yalves agrees that this is the most incredible thing for these higher Zerg.

In their eyes, the silver worms in front of them were expressionless at the moment, and the emotions expressed were not wonderful. But the truth is that Yalves was squinted with a layer of black cloth under his eyes, and his eyelids gently slid down.

Like a dangerous beast that has been appeased, it is rare to show a slight obedience in the face of those who appease it.

The throat restrained the sound of no threat, and the claws also retracted into the claw sheath, trying not to expose the sharp teeth - although it still looks terrible, but this is the most docile and harmless appearance of this beast.

After a few hours of sleep, I woke up. Gu Huai opened his eyes in a sleepy manner, and suddenly he reflected a cold and beautiful face.

The blindfolded black fabric lining the silver-haired worm's skin to be more chilly. From this angle, Gu Huai just saw the clear jaw line of the other side, and the downward embossed knot.

Gu Huai woke up and found that he was being held by the other side. He actually only licked it, but when the cold object held in his hand reminded him to look down, Gu Huai saw the silver-gray tail he was holding, he The whole person suddenly got stuck.

This silver-gray tail looks like the dragon's tail of the Western dragon. The surface is visually metallic with a cold texture, with the same touch and vision.

Especially at this time, Gu Huai vaguely remembered that he was still awake in the half-dream, and he seemed to touch and touch the tail. Even if he was calm, Gu Huai would not help but want to cover his face.

It’s really... too embarrassing.

The obvious emotional fluctuations of the young man holding him made Yalves reflect his eyebrows reflexively. He couldn't see the other person's expression, but the young man's slightly stiff body was interpreted as panic.

Because of this interpretation, Yalves's subconscious spreads the power of warnings to cover the entire cave, even extending hundreds of meters away from the cave, directly proclaiming the dominance of the area.

This kind of power pressure brings a burst of real terrorist pressure. Any creature that wants to escape when receiving such warning messages is the fastest way to eliminate threats.

There won't be anything that can hurt you, so don't panic.

The brain waves on both sides were not right. Gu Huai tried to quietly let go of the silver-gray tail he was holding, as nothing happened, but he just removed his hand from the top and he saw the cold tail. Suddenly moved a little.

Still found out...

The young man still stagnating, this discovery made Yalves again familiar with the familiar irritability, he re-circled the tail to the youth, this time clearly showed a protective posture.

At the same time, the silver worms took off their left-handed black gloves with a blank expression, and put his slender fingers on the knuckles to the young lips.

The young cubs are easily frightened, and the larvae's cubs instinctively show an attacking state when they are frightened. If you look at the time of birth alone, the young people in front of him should indeed count as cubs.

There are not many attacks by Zerg cubs, mainly relying on teeth biting. When you are scared, you will not be afraid when you catch something and bite.

But even if Arvis did this, he found that the young man he was holding seemed to attack even if he didn't, so it was a bit of a reluctance for Arvis to touch the fingers in front of the young lips and touch each other. The sharp teeth are silently prompted.

Such sharpness is too low, and according to the estimation of Yalves, the bite force should be very poor.

The youth in front of him are very weak, and it can be said that there is no fighting ability at all.

Being touched, Gu Huai was directly stunned, but it was also at this time that he finally got a little bit of brainwaves in front of the silver worms.

If he doesn't understand the mistake, the other party's behavior should be able to blame him...

Unlike the Tucker worms that Gu Huai has seen, the silver-haired worms in front of his eyes look indifferent and full of oppression, but think carefully before touching the silver-gray tail. At the time, Gu Huai seems to be vaguely aware that the other party's mood is not bad.

So... touching the tail will make the other party happy?

At this conclusion, Gu Huai tangled, but he looked down to see the silver-gray tail on his waist, and tried to reach out and touch it.

At the moment of encounter, Gu Huai clearly felt that this tail suddenly tightened him tightly and firmly held it. The silver worms in front of him looked down on him, and the cold look seemed to suddenly have a strange docile.

I want to land.

Gu Huai expressed his thoughts with a slight struggle, and the silver worms who had been touched by the tail spoke very well at this time, and quickly followed him to put him down.

When the body returned to freedom, Gu Huai finally noticed more than a hundred high-ranking Zerg who were not far away from him.

Almost at the same time as Gu Huai’s line of sight touched, these higher Zerg smashed him down on one knee with a neat and uniform movement.

The head is lowered and the right hand is placed in the heart. These higher zergs do not hesitate to show their loyalty and surrender to the youth.

Unable to face such a scene, Gu Huai did not respond.

Before Gu Huai returned to the gods, a young Zerg who was a recruit in the army asked: "Well, can we look up at you?"

When they bowed to the king, their heads should not be lifted, but it was too much to see the youth. The Zerg soldier could not help but ask such an inquiry.

For the matter of being onlookers, Gu Huai is now completely used to it.

This habit is not forced because it clearly perceives the Zerg’s likes to him, and he wants to repay such feelings.

I don't want these Zerg soldiers to continue to squat, Gu Huai said: "You can stand up and watch."

The king did not want them to squat, and the higher Zerg who received this information quickly stood up, and then looked at the youth in front of them with bright and scary eyes.

What kind of feeling is this?

In a black world that was always cold and silent, suddenly burst into a sun, this sudden coming light is too bright, but even if the eyes are stinging, I still want to watch. The sudden rise in temperature is too hot, but even if the body is burnt, I still want to get close.

This huge attraction is like the attraction of light to the phototaxis creature, unable to resist or stop.

It is only when the youth are asleep that these higher Zerg have already seen enough, and the young people who are now in front of them will still speak.

Wang is so cute...

Although after the youth woke up, these higher Zerg found that the eyes of the youth were black, and the circular pupils like humans were not the same as their erects, but even this difference made these higher Zerg feel cute.

Wang Chang is particularly good-looking and his voice is very good. No matter how you look at it, there are no shortcomings.

Since Wang woke up, they should leave the planet.

I am eager to let the youth live in a more comfortable place. As a deputy, Alger said at this time: "Your Majesty, the environment of this planet is too bad and not suitable for living. We want to take you away and go to another A better planet."

The environment of abandoned planets is not impossible for Zerg to survive. They have been to many places that are worse than the environment of the planet, but they are really unacceptable for young people to continue living in such an environment.

Of course, it is good to leave the abandoned planet. Gu Huai agreed without any hesitation.

The young man nodded, and Alger couldn’t wait to turn his head and said to his own leader: "Hey, let Ula come over, we will take the king away immediately."

It’s good to go everywhere. Of course, the best thing is to go back to the capital of their first legion, Tuse, and Alger is thinking in his heart.

"It's already here." Yalves responded indifferently.

As early as the youth woke up, Yalves had already issued an order to the Yula warship near the cave.

Then they can leave immediately, and the high-ranking zergs in the room are suddenly full of energy.

The two zerg were responsible for carefully transporting the huge eggshell that Gu Huai had not finished eating. Gu Huai went to the exit of the cave with a group of Tak zerds.

Going to the exit, Gu Huai finally looked at the scenery of the planet.

This time, I should not be back again.

Although this abandoned planet is ridiculous and barren, for Gu Huai, he lived on this planet for a period of time with the Tucker who was born with him. This planet became a memorable thing for him because of his memories. The place.

"I have to leave here." Gu Huai said to the Tuckers around him.

The Tucker squad who heard the words of the youth made a low voice, their scarlet eyes carefully watching the young black-haired youth in front of them, and the icy horrible gaze seemed to be completely reflected in the youth. Look like.

Gu Huai perceives the joys and sorrows of contradictions from these Tak worms, and the feelings of reluctance, which is the first time he has perceived such complex and intense emotional fluctuations in them.

Will leaving the planet make these Tuckers so discouraged?

It is true that they have lived on this planet for a long time, and perhaps have already made this planet a home.

However, Gu Huai also hopes that these Tak Zerg will be able to live with him on a better planet, so even if he perceives such emotions, he will continue to move forward.

But a few steps away, Gu Huai suddenly found that the Tak Zerg around him did not keep up, but stayed at the exit of the cave to watch him.

This discovery made Gu Huai live, he never thought that these Tak zergs would not want to leave with him.

I have never had a parent before, and when I came out of the world and came out of the eggshell, I was carefully taken care of by these Tak worms as a cub. Gu Huai’s subconscious mind had already regarded these Tak worms as parents.

Therefore, Gu Huai went back at this time without thinking about it. He walked back to the Tucker who was watching him and looked up and asked, "Don't you leave with me?"

together.

go away.

Can understand the two words roughly, these Tak worms huddled, but fell deeply into a contradiction.

Emotionally very unwilling, of course I want to leave together. But another cold instinct and reason tells them that they are of no value to the youth. They should be replaced by the same people who are better than them, so that they can care for the born cubs to get better care.

"Don't you want me?" If it is for parents, they will ask such words. Gu Huai had already thought about it when he asked this sentence. If these Tak zergs really refused to leave, he would stay.

Perhaps because of the tone and expression, these Tucker worms understood the words of the youth almost in an instant, and at this moment, the feelings completely overwhelmed the cold reason.

Like the precious treasures that are very precious, the Tak worms headed down and used their forearms to carefully hold Gu Huai on their shoulders. This kind of warmth of action made the other high-ranking Zerg who was on the scene feel ashamed.

The Zerg who was born in the Tucker group has always been the most fierce and militant. This is a fact recognized within the Zerg and even the entire Star.

But at this moment, these Tucker worms are undoubtedly full of cherish and love for the youth in front of them.

Responding to the problem with action, after the Huaihuai was stabilized, the Tak Zerg carried him out of the cave. 



Chapter 8 

When the headed Tak Zerg carried out of the cave, Gu Huai quickly realized that the tragic and sad emotions of the Tucker worms around him completely disappeared, and replaced by obvious joy.

Because of this kind of emotional change, Gu Huai’s post-recognition reaction came over. It turned out that the Tak worm’s reluctance was not for the planet, but for him.

If he is not willing to go together, Gu Huai thinks very directly. Now that he has got the desired result, he quickly bends his eye.

Since it is necessary to leave the planet, these Tak worms immediately think of the fruits they have hidden, and the umbrellas that young people have given them, and they are ready to go to the caves.

But the young people will be misunderstood that they want to avoid him. These Tucker genuses instinctively used the highest moving speed, and completed the round-trip process in a matter of seconds.

Gu Huai looked at the things that the Tak Zerg brought from the cave. He patted the shoulder of the Tak worm that was carrying him. Wen Sheng said: "If the fruit is not eaten, it will be broken. If it is an umbrella, It should not be used to leave the planet."

In the interstellar era, there must have been more convenient sunshade and rain-proof tools, and these umbrellas that were temporarily made to cope with rainy days did not look good. Gu Huai used his exchange ability to make props similar to the shape of the umbrella. There is a big gap.

But when they heard Gu Huai's words, these Tucker worms rarely showed stubbornness at this time, and for the first time did not choose to obey.

They brought the fruit and the umbrella together, and the fruit was ready to be eaten when it was about to break down, and the rain-fighting tools that the youth gave them, when they went to the new planet, they had to find another place to hide.

I don't know what these long-handled props are held by the Tak worms, but the higher zergs who saw this item next to them couldn't help but look at them.

This is a gift from Wang...

As soon as I discovered this, these higher zergs would not be envious when they arrived.

Such gifts are unique awards, and they also hope to have the opportunity to own.

Even if it is not something that you do by yourself, even if the young people just send them a small stone that they found on the ground, they will feel happy.

Because they could not take the initiative, these higher zergs could only look at them at this moment, and they said nothing on the surface.

The battleship was close to the exit from the cave. Gu Huai was carried out by the huge Tak Zerg. It was not long before they quickly reached the front of the Yula warship.

This is the first time that Gu Huai has seen the real space battleship. The virtual things that can only be seen in science fiction movies appear in the place at your fingertips. As a screenwriter, Gu Huai could not help but brighten his eyes.

The icy black warship, even if it is still, seems to be a very oppressive monster. No one will doubt the ability of this huge warship to fight on the battlefield. The Zerg’s Yula warship is comparable to the most sophisticated warships in the current interstellar design. The ratio is not inferior.

However, Gu Huai just went to the front of this Yula warship, and did not have time to appreciate more of his eyes. This huge Ula warship suddenly appeared abnormal.

"Kacha-"

"Hey, hey -!"

The sound rang from the inside of the battleship, and the hull of this Eurasian warship trembled with the naked eye.

Gu Huai did not react. In front of him, this huge Yula warship actually rolled on the ground and raised dust.

Real · **** · hit a roll

The ground was suddenly implicated in shock, and after the shock ended, the Eurasian warship lit up the light that could shine on it, as if to attract the attention of the young black-haired youth in front of it.

"Yura is too excited to see you, so..." Alger coughed and explained.

It is no wonder that the reaction of this Eurasian warship will be so large that it can carry the king to sail. This is a great honor.

If there are two Yula warships on the scene, Alger thinks that they will even fight for the sake of who will carry the youth.

Listening to Alger, Gu Huai remembers that there is such a piece of inheritance information that he received before - the Zerg Yula warship is a self-conscious biological warship.

Euler is also one of the Zerg ethnic groups. In addition to the Eurasian group, the Zerg also has four ethnic groups, namely Tucker, Isador, Lino, and Card.

These five ethnic groups each have their own different characteristics. For example, the most familiar Tak zerg in Gu Huai, the characteristics of the ethnic group are militant, the most fierce among all the Zerg ethnic groups, and the situation will enter a violent state in the battle.

Euler has the ability to mimic deformation, usually as a biological warship, playing the role of transportation and becoming a space weapon.

The Isadoro group is the most powerful of the Zerg, and the Zerg who are born in this group are generally good at planning. They are also best at abilities in race, but their relative physical abilities are not as good as those of other ethnic groups.

The positioning of the Lino group in the Zerg is assassination. As an assassin, the frontal battle is not as good as the Tucker, but it is very good at concealing, tracking and using various toxins. It will be very patient in order to kill the prey.

Finally, the Kazakh ethnic group, compared with other ethnic groups, the zerg abilities of this ethnic group appear to be average. But they are also the only ones that will consume vitality in exchange for the explosive power when necessary, and will use self-destruction as a means of killing.

Carefully aware, Gu Huai quickly perceives the emotion of this Yula warship.

Looking at the ship lights that flashed in front of him, Gu Huai asked his Tak Zerg to approach the door of the Yula warship, and then he raised his hand and touched the cold door of the battleship.

When the young man came across, the Yula battleship suddenly quieted down, and the hull no longer trembled, turning only the light that was lit outside into a beautiful sky blue.

In many places in the interstellar space, red lights generally represent the meaning of vigilance, prohibition or hostility, while sky blue is friendly.

"Hey." Gently making a sound, this huge and icy Yula warship strives to show its love to the youth.

"Thank you." Gu Huai said seriously.

I like it as a rare and precious emotion. Whether it is more or less, short-lived or long-lasting, Gu Huai always feels that this simple love is very precious.

Gu Huai’s words flashed the sky blue light of the Euler battleship slowly, and when Gu Huai was carried into the hatch by the Tucker, the ship’s light of the Yula warship The frequency of maintaining the regularity flashed and flashed, and I could understand the happy mood of this Euler at this time.

The personnel quickly entered the warship. Under the acquiescence of Yalves, Gu Huai automatically possessed the highest authority in this Yula warship. He was led by the silver worms into the warship's command room.

"The leader, which planet do we want to go to now?" Alger asked, and his eyes moved to the young black-haired youth not far away. "With the king, should we first find a better planet to settle down?" ......"

"Back to Tuse." Yalves answered briefly.

Tuse Star, the capital of the First Army of the Zerg, is one of the bases of the Zerg, and the fleet of Thur Stars has almost no other ethnic fleets to dare to set foot.

Even if the trade needs to pass through the Tuse Star, these starships will choose to detour, for fear of accidentally hitting the Zerg of the Zerg in this star field.

The answer that I heard was that Alger’s eyes lit up and he was happy.

Alger just wanted to say directly, or they would return to Tusser, but they dare not say that they can only euphemistically suggest that they did not expect it to be as he wished.

Although their leader is the head of the Zerg First Army, there are only a handful of days to stay as a leader in their own capital.

Everything in government affairs gave the chief of staff to stay on the map of Thur, and Alger even had some doubts. Their chiefs still remembered what Tuse star looked like.

Gu Huai has no opinion on where he will be taken. It will always be a lot better than abandoned planets, so he didn’t ask what the figure was like at that time. He thought that when he went, he would look at it with his own eyes. All right.

In the warship command room, there is a transparent window that can see the outer star field. Gu Huai has been curious to go and observe.

The black universe is like a boundless darkness, which should have been daunting, but because of the ornamentation of many planets, this darkness has become splendid and magnificent.

From the sound, I can tell where the young man has gone. Arvis sitting on the command post did not speak, but just swiped the lower operation panel with his finger.

The next moment, the walls around the command room became transparent.

This made it easier to see the outside. Gu Huai’s first reaction was happy, and then he couldn’t help but look back at the silver worm that was sitting in the commanding position indifferently, and his eyes stayed on the other side’s eyes with black blindfolds. Two seconds.

Said to be a blindfold, in fact, it should be said that it is a layer of black opaque cloth, blindfolded, very casually tied behind.

"Yalvis... Why are your leaders blindfolded?" There was no chance to ask before, and Gu Huai whispered to Alger, who was standing next to him.

In fact, this volume, their leader is completely audible...

Alger thought so in his heart, but did not say this sentence, but replied truthfully: "Because tangible things will make the leader want to destroy."

As long as you see it, it will continue to produce destructive **, and it will be better if you blindfold and can't see the specific form. Even so, the sounds heard will still make their leaders feel noisy.

Because the sound indirectly indicates the existence of things, the irritability will accumulate.

In order not to affect the battle, the auditory and visual discard the most, and the sound is easier to bear than the direct see, so their leader blocked the eyes.

"This way..." This reason is why Gu Huai couldn't think of it, so he whispered for a second.

"Many times, listening to the voice, the leader will feel noisy, and then he is in a bad mood. But this is much better than letting him see things. Once in the battle, the enemy deliberately got rid of the leader's blindfold. The entire army was cleaned up by the leader.” Recalling the battle, Alger had a little bit of a snack, and when their leader was in a violent state, he did not separate himself.

Eye masks can probably be a taboo for their leader, which should be recognized in the entire Zerg.

It feels very hard. Gu Huai only thinks that it is hard to bear things. He can't help but be silent.

At this time, Alger quickly switched a topic. He lowered his head and asked: "Have you slept for a few hours before, do you want to eat now? After your eggshell returns to Tuse, the subordinate will let People grind it into powder and mix it with Pubano sap to have a better nutritional effect."

The eggshell is ground into a powder...milk powder?

This association made Gu Huai's expression subtle, but he nodded and said.

As for eating, Gu Huai touched the eggshell snacks in the bag and ate it two or three times.

Since the mental strength is still in the early stages, Gu Huai feels that he may be really a fan of sleep and sleep. Even if Gu Huai is helpless about this, he has to admit that he has finished eating snacks. I want to sleep a little bit.

Not long after I was sleepy, Gu Huai finally leaned back on a seat in the command room and closed her eyes.

Waiting for Huai to sleep, a few high-ranking Zerg who have the authority to stay in this command room have lightened the action on hand.

Arvis stood up from the command post and walked to the youth who were sleeping on the seat and stood still and looked down.

Alger looked around and suddenly saw the indifference of the silver-haired worms reaching out to the lips of the youth, then paused and took the young man's bite on the corner of his mouth.

When the fingers with low body temperature touched the lips, the young man leaned slightly to the side in his sleep, and the pale lips just touched gently on the finger that Yalves did not remove.

This momentary warm and soft touch made Arvis retract his hand immediately. He was expressionless, and the silver-gray tail behind him unconsciously slid up and down.

About a few seconds later, Arvis looked up and asked Alger, standing next to him with a low, cold voice: "What is he like?"

"Do you mean... Wang?" Alger asked for a reflective question. Immediately after asking, he felt that he had asked more questions.

"Wang Chang looks very good." To let him describe the looks of the youth, Alger thinks that this is too difficult for him, because he will open his mouth and want to say that the young people look good, especially good-looking, the best looking people in the interstellar must It is their king.

Reluctantly organized the language, Alger said: "Well... Wang's hair is black, especially soft. The eyes are different from us. It is a black eye with a pupil like a human, and it looks gentle when you laugh. ”

Such a language description is really difficult to outline a person's appearance, but Yalves listened, and after a while still sighed.

Sitting back on the command chair, Yalves raised his hand and touched the black covering on his eyes. The finger touched the edge, stayed on the top for nearly two seconds, and finally re-released. 



Chapter 9 

On the whole, the Zerg is really a race that doesn't pay much attention to life.

Since every Zerg is a natural and excellent soldier, they are naturally suitable for fighting. Therefore, for most Zerg, the environment in which they can survive is equal to living. The uncomfortable life is generally beyond their consideration.

But now there are individuals who have to think about it.

By sleeping on the seat, Gu Huai slept for a while, because the sleeping position was not comfortable enough and the voice was unconsciously sounded.

This voice caused the Tak zerg, who was standing next to Gu Huai, to drop his head and make a low hoarse snoring. Before they abandoned the planet, they put the cubs in the eggshell and swayed and slept, but The eggshells are now taken away by their families.

Several high-ranking Zerg in the command room were looking at the youngsters who were sleeping, and they were stunned at the moment they heard the sound.

Does the king feel uncomfortable when he sleeps on the seat like this...

Sleep is a physiological need, and the zerg's need for sleep is very low, except that the youngest may sleep a little more, and the adult zerg will not feel tired even if he does not sleep for ten days.

And when it's time to take a break, they'll be a little less than a little while with a light sleep.

So in the face of the current situation, these higher Zerg found that their battleships did not even allow the youth to lie in the sleeping cabin.

Or if they took these seats apart, put the parts of the backrest together and give them a sleeping mat...

The idea was just around the corner, and several Zerg soldiers were preparing to go out and command the outdoor side to dismantle the chair. At this time, the silver worms from the command post stopped them.

Arvis once again walked to Gu Huai, and the silver-gray tail behind him touched the youth's body faster than his hands, and circled the latter in just a few seconds.

This tail is better at dealing with enemies in battle than treating things that need protection. It is already the gentlest thing that this tail has done to encircle the youth.

It is not piercing, nor is it slashing with the tail. It is only circled with a very restrained force.

In fact, it is only necessary to hold the young man from the seat, and there is no need to use the tail.

But the tail automatically consciously encircled people, and after Arvis picked up the sleeping youth, he finally did not control his tail to loosen.

very quiet.

Yalves has made sure that he will not hear the sounds that make him feel noisy as long as he can perceive the existence of the youth in his arms.

This is not to say that the voices have disappeared, but that when he perceives the existence of the youth, all his attention will be completely attracted to the latter.

So at this time it was very strange, those voices could no longer interfere with him.

There is no battle for the time being**.

Although not from the Tektronix, Yalves has no less belligerent level than the Tac Terran's Zerg soldiers. The more intense the battle, the more it can arouse some kind of coldness and joy of Yalves.

Gu Huai is here, and Yalves will be like being restrained by an invisible chain. Because of the protection idea that he has not discovered before, he can't leave the former, so the fighting desire can only be suppressed.

Just like bringing the precious treasures that are found back to the dragon in the nest, in order to protect the treasure from being hurt or stolen, the dragon crouched down and lifted the wings, picked up the erect, and chose to stay in his own nest. .

Because she had already slept for a round before, Gu Huai woke up not long after sleeping, and when he noticed that he was waking up, Arvis waited for him to show his intention to land. He silently put him before this. Let it go.

So Gu Huai was reacting when he was really awake. He was just taken to sleep by the other side. He looked up and saw the calm and cold face of the silver worm. Gu Huai scratched his cheek and said, "I will sleep next time. If you make another sound, you don't have to worry about me, just let me sleep there."

Although it is normal to know how to think in the Zerg thinking, it is normal for him to be sleeping like this. It is like the Tucker Zombies always shake him into the eggshell after he falls asleep. Great difference, but the inherent human thinking still makes Gu Huai a bit uncomfortable.

Yalves heard that he did not immediately nod or shake his head. There was no trace of curvature on the edge of his lips. The flat lip line seemed to reveal coldness. He seemed to have no interest in responding to Gu Huai.

The expression of the young man means that he does not want to be sleeping with him, or that he does not want to be contacted by him. Arvis understands this.

It is because he knows his abnormality from his adjutant, so he does not want to be close to him?

Even in a natural fighting race, no Zerg in their race would have an uncontrollable destructive desire like him, a blind and untargeted anger, and even he himself would not know when he would fall into madness.

It is normal for the other party not to want him to be close.

The icy silver-gray tail irritated with the owner's thoughts, but this emotion did not appear on the face of Arvis. After a short interval, he calmly said: "Well. ”

Thanks to the king, the voyage of the Yula warship has played an unprecedented speed of advancement, and even the maximum number of jumps has more than doubled.

At this speed, they can return to Tuse Star in just a few days.

In these few days, Gu Huai strolled the entire Yula warship. Because of the highest authority, every space of the warship was open to him, no matter where he wanted to go.

When Gu Huai walked around the battleship, he often heard the sound of the "Yu, Yu" sounded by the Yula warship. It seems that this only Euler is willing to move around.

However, Gu Huai is not only because of interest, but also by the way.

"Where did your leader go?" On the second day of the battleship, Gu Huai did not see the silver worms who were supposed to be sitting in the command post in the command room. He could not help but look at Alger.

This problem made Alger guilty. He lowered his head in front of the youth and replied: "The subordinates don't know."

I really don't know, I don't mean to hide it.

"If the leader does not want to appear, no one can know where he is." Alger added.

This answer made Gu Huai's head have three more question marks. His expression was raised to look at his Alger. The latter continued to explain: "Yarvis is a Zerg from the Lino group. The Lino zerg is usually very good at assassination skills, and the ability to hide is of course excellent, and the leader is the most powerful one."

When it comes to this, Alger is proud and tangled.

Their princes clearly have the ability to kill the enemy, and they can kill the enemy quietly, but they prefer to fight in front. However, because it is a higher zerg of class a, even if it is not against the enemy that is best at its ability, the other abilities displayed are far stronger than them.

Knowing which group of enemies Elvis is born in will understand that when their eyes can see each other, no matter how powerful the other side shows, it is not the most terrible situation.

The most terrible situation is that Arvis disappears in front of them, which means that they are likely to cut their throats gently and silently in the next second.

Linoria...

Gu Huai did not resist the expression of amazement. He had guessed with both good warfare and possible violent temptation. He would guess that Yalves should be from the Tucker group.

I didn't expect Alger to tell him that Yalves is best at assassination.

Why didn't it suddenly appear?

Gu Huai doubts, but people are not in front of him, and he can't ask for an answer.

In the past few days, Gu Huai simply went to the various places of the battleship and looked for people. As a result, he did not find the trace when he finished shopping.

He went to the last place where the warship had not been visited. The compartment environment was clear at a glance and no one was there.

Gu Huaiguan went back to the corridor and couldn't find it. How could he let the other party voluntarily come out...

"Yalvis?" Gu Huai whispered the name.

This corridor was also remote in the entire battleship. Gu Huai tried to read the name of the silver worm, but did not think that the other party would hear it until a footstep sounded.

The footsteps were very light, and Yalves could have been silent without any sound. At this time, he only intended to let Gu Huai hear.

From a shadow near the youth, Arvis gradually stepped out in this black shadow.

No one can find him, but there is one person who can let him take the initiative.

The cool white color makes the black occultation of the silver worms on the eyes become more vivid. Gu Huai always can not help but notice the black eye mask when he sees the other party, but understands that this is the taboo of the other party, and quickly shifts the line of sight. .

The blindfolded silver-haired worms stood there silently, and the cold outlines and expressionless appearances showed a sense of indifference, and he seemed to be waiting for the youth to speak to him.

“Why didn’t these days appear?” Gu Huai expressed his doubts.

Yalves's eyes were slightly draped, and he replied in a low-cold voice: "Because you don't want me to be close."

At first I thought that since the youth did not want him to be close, perhaps he would not let the other party see it would be better.

But hidden behind the shadows, Arvis also felt that if the proximity is not discovered, it should not be against the will of the other party.

This answer actually made Gu Huai stunned for a few seconds. He began to think about what he had said before to let the other party have such a wrong understanding.

Is it because he said that after he fell asleep, leave him alone and let him sleep...? ?

Gu Huai was silent, and he was a little aphasia, but he saw that the silver worms in front of him were standing in the quiet like a meek big cat. He could not help but explain: "No, I don't want you to be close."

The silver worms who heard this sentence were slightly biased. Although there was a black eye mask, Gu Huai had the feeling that he was being watched by the other party.

"So don't deliberately not appear." Gu Huai said.

Probably because the other party looks very quiet and docile at this time, Gu Huai thought of what Alger told him, and the pain that Jarvis was enduring all the time, he couldn’t help but reach out and touch it. The other side’s silver hair that feels cool.

When Gu Huai touched it, he tried to pass on some mental power to appease, hoping to slightly smooth out some kind of disorder.

This kind of appeasement was too gentle, and Yalves had no expression, and the silver-gray tail behind him slammed a bit.

Until the hand of Gu Huai was removed, the body of Yalves except the tail was always in a state of motion.

“Does this feel better?” After trying to appease, Gu Huai asked.

"Yeah." Yalves sighed low.

In fact, there is not much difference. The existence of youth is already the best stabilizer. This kind of comforting effect is dispensable. But for some unknown reason, Yalves still responded at this time.

"That's good." Gu Huai slightly bent his eyes.

The voice of the youth is smiling. It is not difficult to imagine that the other person should be looking at the eyebrows now, but Yalves can't see anything.

In the black in front of him, Yalves began to try to outline the youth.

Black...soft hair, the same black pupil with round eyes, gentle and nice look...

But it seems that it can't outline the right appearance. It always feels wrong. Yalves is not willing to regard the casually conceived image as a youth.

After a few days of sailing, the Eurasian warship finally arrived at the Nodra galaxy where Thurstar was located. When the Ula warship first entered the Nordra galaxy, the tops of the Zerg’s First Legion on Tuse Star had already Received news that their corps leader is about to return.

At this time in the conference room of the Military Building -

"When I go to the airport to meet the leader, I will immediately quit the position of chief of staff. After that, Tussex will bother you." Chief of staff Alice was cold in the conference room and worked with him on the table for many years. Six colleagues said his decision.

The whole meeting room was quiet, when a high-ranking Zerg in the meeting room said, "But even if you resign and leave, the leader will not necessarily look forward to being in Tusser..."

"I have already decided." Alice is determined.

As the object of being the leader of his own family, or for a long time, Ellis felt that it was necessary for his leader to understand the importance of the matter.

In the other three legions of the Zerg, which leader of the legion will leave his capital star for a long time and throw all the government affairs to the chief of staff?

No, only their first legion is like this.

It was hard to wait until the leader came back. Ellis had already planned, and he would leave Tusse immediately after he resigned.

This figure is not waiting for him for a while. He said that he will come back after a year and a half.

I made such a plan to wait for the special-certified Yula warship to land at the airport of Tussex. Both Ellis and six other Tussetts came here to prepare for the planet's owners.

The incomparably huge Yula warship slid smoothly on the ground, the battleship's hatch opened, and a figure came out of the battleship.

This figure is very familiar to the tops of Tusser, with black-eyed eyes and silver-gray tails. You only need to see both to confirm your identity.

The Chief of Staff took a step closer at this point, and he bowed his head to the returning planet owner: "Yalvi..."

Only when they had time to say these three syllables, when they looked down at the young people who were sleeping by the silver worms, the voice of the chief of staff suddenly disappeared in the throat, and the vocal cords completely stopped vibrating.

A similar reaction did not happen to a zerg. The other six Tussells who were found in the same way as Ellis had tightened their bodies one by one, and the erects shrank sharply in an instant.

king……

The huge surprises that were caught off guard almost became scared, and the strong instinctive consciousness drowned the seven higher zerg in an instant, making their bodies stiff.

When the mind became blank, only the eyes were still staring eagerly.

If there is still a little extra thinking ability at this time, Ellis, who is the chief of staff, is probably thinking about it -

Resigning and resigning, no one wants him to leave Tuse Star! ! ! 



Chapter 10 

Unlike the dry, hot weather on an abandoned planet, Tuse Star is now in a rather cold winter.

The cold winter sky looks extraordinarily pure, it is a quiet cyan, like a polished gemstone, and the entire figure is now reflected in this huge gem.

The cold low temperature environment has no effect on the Zerg, so the higher zergs present are still only wearing black military uniforms, but in their eyes, the young people who are headed by the silver worms seem to be frozen because of the cold sensation felt from the air. Woke up.

This discovery made every Zerg in the room feel a little helpless, and even did not know how to act in a moment.

The young black-eyed youth has a very soft contour, and both the hair and the skin look very soft. At this time, the half-awake look is more delicate and smooth than the normal Zerg cub.

I want to protect.

The heart of the icy ice like a piece of ice suddenly sinks like a piece, and the strange softness in the chest makes these higher zergs difficult to understand.

This kind of emotion is hot and hot, but soft and incredible.

They look at the young people who have not fully woken up, like the people who are waiting for the precious flowers to open up, facing the young and fragile flower buds, always worrying about the lack of rain or sunlight, the flower buds are full of strong protection .

The cold made Gu Huai reflexively shrink the body, but because he was held by Yalves, he shrank his body, and the whole person was equal to the initiative to approach the latter.

Such proximity would make the approached person feel dependent on the other person. Yalves slightly tightened his body, pulled his cold tail away from the youth, and then turned his face to the right of the team. Higher Zerg: "Leo, use your power to fire."

As one of Tussel's seven core high-level executives, if he asks someone to ask for Rio, he probably thinks he is being played, and then directly swallows the other with roaring flames.

However, the person who said this was their leader, and understood that the other party's intention to let him ignite was to warm the youth, and Rioton stiffened and stepped forward.

In the six colleagues, he is now the first person to approach the king -

If you don't look at your eyes, it is very difficult to see the heart of the other person's heart from the cold face of this high-level Zerg.

Lack of feelings, and therefore lack of expression, after getting used to such an ethnic nature, these higher Zerg are now even more pleasantly surprised by seeing Gu Huai, and his face still looks chilly.

Several groups of burning golden flames appeared in the air. These protective flames formed by the flaming flames of the squadrons were burned through, but now they are carefully floating around Guhuai.

"Do you still feel cold?" Leo lowered his voice and asked, the young man's current state seems to be half-awake, and he is afraid that his voice will scare each other.

Gu Huai blinked a bit in a stunned manner, only to find that they had already come down from the battleship, that is, they had already reached the figure.

When he was completely awake, Gu Huaicai later realized that the high-ranking Zerg was still waiting for him to answer. He immediately responded: "Not so cold, thank you."

This answer made the high-level Zerg's cold face instinctively appear a smile. In fact, this corner of the mouth is really difficult to call a smile, but it is already very expressive expression to them.

It’s never been so happy that your abilities are related to the flames. This ability can drive away the cold for their king, and Rio is even proud of it.

"Put me down." After the response, Gu Huai said to the silver worms who were walking with him.

In order to prevent the other party from misunderstanding that he did not want him to approach, Gu Huai compromised on being locked up by Yalves.

Most of the time is twenty-four hours a day to sleep, Gu Huai has accepted this setting from the initial helplessness to the current habit.

For the time being, the mental strength is only the level of the young, and it is impossible to always enter the sleep instinct.

However, as time goes by, Gu Huai feels the steady growth of his mental strength, and after a while, he should be able to move normally.

Yalves said that Gu Huai was put down, and there were several groups of floating flames around. These golden flames seemed to heat up the cold air around Gu Huai, and Gu Huai was not cold enough to tremble.

"When you come back to Tussex with your majesty, why don't you tell the subordinates in advance..." The chief of staff is very anxious now, because he is too late to prevent, and he has not had time to prepare for the preparation.

"Contact code, forgot." Yalves answered.

Listen to this calm without a slight sigh of tone.

A head of the army forgot the communication code of the high-level parliament of his capital star. If it was not Gu Huai, he would stand next to him. As the chief of staff, Alice would now perform a suffocation on the spot.

But the leader of the house brought the king back to Tusser. With this in mind, the chief of staff forgave all the things the other party did.

Chief of Staff: "Where is the place where you live, can you temporarily arrange it in your house? Your family has always sent someone to take care of it, and it makes no difference before you leave."

Gu Huai’s residence, of course, the chief of staff wants to arrange the most comfortable place in Tusexing, and he wants to come and think, there is no better place than their leader’s house.

They should have built at least a palace for the youth, but it’s too late to start working now...

Yalves gently decapitated and expressed his consent.

With the consent of Yalves, the chief of staff kneeled down in front of Gu Huai and bowed his head in a low-pitched manner: "What kind of requirements do you have for your living, such as the layout of the room? The planet you are waiting for is What kind of place, if you wish, can make people transform the room into something you are familiar with."

As other Zerg descended from the Eurasian warship, several senior figures from Tusestar had already seen the huge eggshell carefully carried by the two Zerg soldiers, and they immediately understood that they had adult appearance in front of them. The youth have only just been born in a broken shell for a few days.

If you are born at the time of your birth, you will still be a child.

Wang is still a cub...

As long as I thought about it, the coldness of the face of the seven figures on the top of the scene could not help but melt slightly, and the chilly outlines became softer.

"The planet I was waiting for was an abandoned planet." Gu Huai answered the question after hearing the question, then shook his head and said, "The original look of the room is OK, no need to change."

Abandoned planets -

This answer gave a glimpse of the top of the Tuse in the presence, and suddenly there was a less obvious, tingling tingling in my heart.

How can such a precious treasure for them be born on an abandoned planet...

I also remembered the spiritual link that was initially received and expressed pain. At this time, in the hearts of these higher Zerg, the strong regrets were almost full enough to make them feel breathing difficulties.

They should also look for it at the time. If they sent troops to look for it, they might be able to pick up the young people from the abandoned planet earlier.

Because of the short and distant connection of the spiritual link, they are still not aware of the importance of the owner who issued this link to them.

Now, when you see it with your own eyes, you only need one glance to understand.

So they feel pain for it.

Gu Huai soon felt these emotions, and he was at a loss for a second.

I understand that these Zerg are probably because they know that he had lived on abandoned planets before, and Gu Huai thought about it. He said to these high-ranking Zerg: "The planet you manage... Tuse star is very beautiful, I like very much."

The sky is very good. The buildings on the airport side are very cold in color, but they are still very scientific. Other places have not seen it for a while, but Gu Huai feels that the scenery outside the airport will not be bad.

Young people say that they like Tuse Star, which is equivalent to the highest affirmation of their work. The chief of staff who handles piles of affairs every day is no longer annoyed by these work.

Not only do not bother, but even feel that they can go back to work for three days and three nights.

Is there anything more worthwhile to build a planet that the other party likes?

Nothing!

If their king is willing to treat Tuse Star as their home, they will be happy not to be themselves.

Just as the tops of these Tussells changed their moods because of Gu Huai’s words, the silver worms who had not stood out from the side said at this time: "Then I will give you the stars."

The words of Yalves made all the high-ranking Zerg who were familiar with him in the same place. They all knew that the temper of their own leader was not good. Most Zerg would still have some emotions, and their leader would be nothing. The temperature is cold.

Because of this well-known coldness, when the other party is willing to take the initiative to send a gift, this group of higher zerg is very surprised.

Suddenly I had to receive a planet as a gift. Gu Huai was stuck by the weight of this gift. He turned back to God and wanted to immediately stop and refused to say no, but a slight head saw the silver worm behind him. Raised the silver-gray tail at the end, and he made a bad start.

I don't know why, when I saw this tail slightly tilted, Gu Huai felt that Yalves should be in a good mood now.

Because I can give him a gift, so I am in a good mood?

When Yalves looked down on him, the other side looked like a quiet and docile big cat in Gu Huai, so that when he saw the silver-gray tail moving up and down after nodding, Gu Huai did not Hold back and touch it.

While still on the abandoned planet, Gu Huai admitted that he was very embarrassed about this tail, because it was too hot, and the cold silver-gray tail was very comfortable to hold.

But because of the embarrassment, Gu Huai did not touch it at the time.

Why can't I stop touching it now, mainly because it is like a big cat like a silver worm that makes Gu Hua feel a bit... a little embarrassing.

Gu Huai does not know why he has such a subtle feeling, obviously the other side is a faceless expression of indifference, whether it is because he thinks that he does not want to let the other person close to take the initiative to disappear, or now because he said that he likes the planet Giving him, Gu Huai felt like he was being intimately approached by a big cat.

This silver big cat is very proud and indifferent. I don't know the way to be close to people. At first, I only know how to circle around people who want to be close. After turning for a while, I know that I will stretch my claws to touch.

Sending the planet is probably about the same as stretching the claws. So thinking, Gu Huai can't refuse.

Seeing that their own king was touching the tail of their leader, and their leader did not resist at all, even the frowning did not move the tail away, and the high-ranking Zerg in the field immediately became a collective stagnation.

The silver worms that had been touched by the young man were like some kind of comfort, and they couldn’t move for a while. When the youth removed the hand that touched the tail, Arvis said in a cold voice: "There is still a planet possessed by the Legion. A lot, if you want, the other ones can be given to you."

After saying this, Arvis seems to think of something, adding: "If not enough, other ethnic planets can also occupy."

"No... no, as long as the map star is fine." Gu Huai quickly dispelled the other's ideas, he did not want to have a war at all, if possible, Gu Huai actually hopes to change the situation of the Zerg in the interstellar without allies. .

Now there is no race in the entire Star World to play with the Zerg, mainly because the Zerg itself does not have the willingness to establish diplomatic relations with other races, and has always maintained absolute independence.

However, according to the thought of Gu Huai, who used to be a human being, and comparing ethnicity to the state, a country that does not establish diplomacy with other countries will certainly suffer.

If something happens in the future, even an ally who can help can't find it, and there is no effective communication between commerce, technology, and so on.

Gu Huai has a clear understanding of his current identity. He is standing on the position of the Zerg, hoping to make his own race change, because he wants these unconditional Zerg to live better.

As a king, he has the ability to lead the race to make changes, but this requires a step by step, and now it is better to settle in Tuse Star.

"The house of Mr. Yalves is a bit far from here, but it takes only half an hour to take the suspension car. The subordinate now takes you in the past." I can’t wait for the youth to settle in Tuse, and the chief of staff is a bit unstoppable. A calm expression on the face.

"Good." Gu Huai nodded.

Before leaving, Gu Huai approached the battleship. He said to the Yula warship, which was warm and bright because of his proximity. "Next time, let me go out and play."

Originally because of the youth's departure, I was very reluctant. I heard Gu Huai say this sentence. This Yula warship suddenly vibrated and made a clear voice.

"Hey."

"Hey, hey -!"

Take the suspension car to a large-scale residence, Gu Huai was led by the chief of staff to the first floor of this private territory.

This quantifier is not wrong. The seventh floor of this white house is counted as a room.

"The clothes you need will be sent to you immediately. If you have any needs, please be sure to inform your subordinates. No matter what, the subordinates will definitely do it for you." The Chief of Staff is finishing this. After the paragraph, I tried to control myself out of the room. Although I really wanted to continue to see it, he couldn’t bother the king.

Clothing, food and the like are only the most basic. The chief of staff has thought about it. He thinks that he should search the collections of their legions to see if there is anything worthy of giving to the king, or something that can be given to them as a toy.

Whether the palace can start designing and starting work, but what kind of palace to build is worthy of their king...

If you think about it, there will be a lot of things to do. The staff will facelessly go to the conference room of the military building. For such an important thing, they must have a meeting.

When the door closed, Gu Huai lay down on the soft bed, and then in this lying position, and immediately confronted a group of Tucker worms who came close to the bed to look at him.

"We have a new home." Gu Huai's pair of scarlet eyes around him bent over the Tak worms.

Then Gu Huai sat up again and raised his head to ask the tallest Tak zerg: "Karu, do you like it here?"

On the abandoned planet, Gu Huai gave the Tak Zerg who looked after him a name, and then he remembered the differences between each Tak worm and put the names on them.

I heard the young man say the two syllables of "Karu". The Tak zerg, who is headed, already understands that this is the name of the youth who is calling it. It lowers its head and screams at the black-haired youth who are looking at it. .

For these Tuckers, the place of life is not important and they can continue to care for the youth. They are already very happy.

Although they are not as powerful as the same family that can advance the humanoid form, they also want to take care of the young, and they will not hesitate to protect them with life as long as they are needed.

"Then we will live here later." Hearing the response, Gu Huai smiled and bent.

One of the Zerg regiments greeted their king. For this matter, the other three Legions of the Zerg are still unknown, and all other races in the Stars are unaware of it.

Like the sky that quietly accumulates clouds, the rain that is about to land is destined to keep them off guard. 



Chapter 11 

For Zerg, who can adapt to the low temperature environment, the clothing that keeps the cold does not exist on their planet because there is no such demand.

Therefore, they can't immediately prepare some clothes for Gu Huai's clothes, and they can only catch up immediately.

Gu Huai is now indoors, and a clearly wide black military uniform jacket is not too cold.

Against the backdrop of this large coat, the youth standing on the window looking at the exterior looks slimmer, the soft black hair is slightly messy, and the skin is whiter and clearer in the sun.

On the abandoned planet, Gu Huai saw his own way after passing through the small pool formed by the depression on the ground after the rain.

Gu Huai felt quite surprised. His face is not much different from what he was in the original world.

If you have to say anything, it might be better to see it...?

Because he didn't pay much attention to his appearance, Gu Huai only thought about it with certainty.

The fact is that the youth's looks are very clear and beautiful. It is the kind of appearance that is easy to get the goodwill of others. Although the five senses have not changed much, they are even more noticeable.

The efficiency of the Zerg is probably the highest among all the stars in the Stars. He did not let Gu Huai wait too long, and his winter clothing was sent.

The one who sent him clothes was the high-ranking Zerg who used to fire his ignorance at the airport. Gu Huai remembered that the other person was Rio. The head of the Tuse had a pair of gray-white, sharp corners. It is very easy to recognize in the top seven.

“These are the cold-proof clothes for you. The styles refer to the daily clothes of other races. Do you want to see them?” When asked this question, the high-ranking Zerg appeared to be a little nervous, and the gimmick was slightly tightened, seemingly worried. The youth in front of him will say no.

In the Zerg, from the head of the army, down to the ordinary soldiers are wearing black military uniforms, but when preparing clothes for Gu Huai, they feel that the cold-colored military uniforms are not suitable for their king.

Military uniforms are things related to the battlefield. As long as you think about this, these higher zergs are extremely unhappy.

In places as dangerous as the battlefield, they would not let their own kings come into contact.

If there is any race in the interstellar warfare that wants to fight with them, they will end the war in a place where the youth cannot see, and absolutely will not allow the enemy to have the possibility of being close to their own king.

Young people may be hurting this matter, they just can't stand it.

Perceived the nervousness of the higher Zerg in front of him, Gu Huai nodded quickly and gave a positive answer: "Well."

Gu Huai has no requirements for clothes style, as long as it is comfortable to wear.

The main reason is that he has a face to support, how to wear it will not be difficult to see where to go, Gu Huai looked at these new clothes, I feel that the style is quite normal, similar to his ordinary winter clothes in the world.

Gu Huai nodded, the higher zerg, who had just slightly tightened the pupil, returned to a more relaxed state, and the amber erect was followed by a light.

Like a small star falling in the night, it is not dazzling, but it continues to shine.

Wang likes the clothes they send.

With such a response, Leo Gao happily left the room, even just down the stairs, he could not help dialing the communication to the conference room of the Military Building, and told the story as it was.

"Wang like it, next time it is my turn to see the king."

"Pubano sap is ready, Wang said when do you want to dine?"

"You should stay below, wait for the king to come out and ask him what other needs."

The four corps of the Zerg retreat from the other races in the interstellar, and the seven Zerg who formed the Supreme Council of Tutsi were the core high-level personnel of the First Corps, and their power status can be imagined.

But now in the conference room of the highest council of the Tuse Star, these high-level Tussells actually discussed this kind of thing that has nothing to do with government affairs, and the discussion was extremely serious.

With the new clothes, Gu Huai replaced the large military uniform on his body.

This military uniform is that Arvis took off and put it on his shoulder while he was sitting in the suspension car with him. Although the jacket did not carry any temperature due to the low temperature of the Zerg, it also gave Gu Huai Got some cold wind.

Gu Huai's black military uniform jacket was taken off, and the Tucker stalkers who were holding him immediately made a low hum.

If the cub does not wear a little more clothes, it will be cold in the current environment.

Because it was understood, several Tucker worms lifted their forearms almost immediately to pick up some clothes that looked thicker, and then carefully put the clothes on Gu Huai.

One by one, Gu Huai looked at him with a piece of clothing on his head. The Tucker Zombies thought that if he was to cover him like this, he would not be cold.

But Gu Huai did not move at this time. The Tak zerg gave him "wearing" clothes. When they were busy, he pulled the clothes covered on his head and lifted his head to these Tak worms. Wen Sheng said: "Not wearing it like this, you don't have to wear so many pieces."

It was not quite understood that the Tak worm that looked at Gu Huai had smashed his head.

Anyway, as long as the youth don't feel cold, the Tucker's idea is simple.

Avoid these Tucker bugs and worry that he will be cold. Gu Huai changed his clothes with the fastest speed. After changing, he stood in front of these Tak zergs: "This is fine."

The low-ranking Zerg's cold and fierce scarlet eyes stare at the youth, and any one of the other races will probably be afraid of this scene, but Gu Huai found emotions from this pair of cold erects.

It is a kind of care and affection that will make other races incredible. These Tektrons treat their young people as cubs, and they treat the other as a cub.

The replaced black military uniform jacket was placed on the bed, and Gu Huai reached out and took the military uniform jacket. He had to return the jacket to its owner.

When Gu Huai walked down the stairs, he saw that the Zerg who had sent him clothes before was still standing outside, just as he needed to find someone to ask questions.

"Where is Arvis now?" Gu Huai asked the other party.

Leo bowed his head and thought for a second and replied: "Advis is supposed to be in the study now. If you want to see him, your subordinates can..."

The words behind have not come and said, the silver worms mentioned in their dialogue have appeared in sight.

Because the military uniform jacket was taken off, the silver worm was now wearing only a white shirt. Because of this kind of clothing, the other person's body is well-proportioned, and the male body with smooth and beautiful muscle lines can be easily seen, neither exaggerated nor full of power.

As an adult zerg, Yalves is tall and straight, and his body is even like a cold and sharp knife. Even if he is not close, he can feel the sigh of the other person.

And because of blindfolded eyes, the other side has a kind of unspeakable beauty.

Gu Huai met people, and soon took the military uniform jacket on his hand and approached the past, handing the clothes to the other party: "Your jacket."

Arvis took the uniform of the military uniform and put it back on his body. Gu Huai waited for the other person to wear his eyes and found that he still had something missing.

When the line of sight moved to the other's waist, Gu Huai thought that there was an outer belt.

Leo also noticed this, and he quickly said: "The subordinates will help you get it."

When Rio came back with the outer waist of Arvis, Gu Hua looked at the blindfolded eyes of the other side, he thought about it, took the belt from Rio.

If you can't see it, it should be very troublesome to buckle the belt.

Gu Huai took this outer belt and approached Yalves. The blindfolded silver worms did not move, and the young man approached him very close.

Such a distance is enough for Yalves to trigger the attack. It is too close, and people who are familiar with him will not dare to approach this level.

But this attack distance is obviously extra open to the young people in front of him.

To help the silver worms in front of the belt, Gu Huai inevitably made a movement similar to hug the other side, but in a short while.

Yalves didn't make a sound all the time, but when the youth seemed to be close to snuggling in his arms, the cold silver gray behind him appeared a second of stiffness.

"Okay." Gu Huai stepped back and looked at his finished product, slightly bending his eyebrows with satisfaction.

At this moment, I just noticed the silver-gray tail behind the other side, and Gu Huai had a whim.

Will it be cold if the tail is not dressed?

The Tucker who accompanied him did not wear clothes, but because it is the most primitive form of the Zerg, the ability of this form to adapt to the environment will be stronger than the human form.

The silver worms in front of him are humanoid, but the tail is exposed in the cold air, but there is no cover, so Gu Huai has such an idea.

When this idea was crossed in the mind, Gu Huai asked the question directly without knowing it.

of course not.

Leo, who was not far away, wanted to speak for his own prince, but he heard the other should say -

"Yeah." It was a low-pitched voice, and Yalves did not explicitly nod or shake his head.

However, this response is of course automatically understood by Gu Huai as affirmation. I thought of the other person’s loan before borrowing him. Gu Huai took out his hand that had just been inserted back into his pocket and pulled it out. The two hands were attached to each other’s cold and cold. On the tail.

"That will keep you warm."

But the tail was so cold, the temperature of Gu Huai's palms quickly fell in contact, and the silver worms who noticed this also removed their tails.

Although he was willing to be touched, Yalves did not want to lose this temperature.

In winter, you can't touch this person with your tail.

The Zerg is a race that will follow its own loyalty, and because it does not want to hurt, Yalves is restraining this desire.

Why do you obviously have the instinct of surrender, but you will want to cherish...

It's not just because after seeing each other, the world will become quiet, but when you hear the other's voice, he will have a deeper pursuit of ideas than instinct.

I want to see, I want to be close, I want to get in touch.

But this idea cannot be allowed from the first point.

Gu Huai's hand became empty. He looked down at the removed tail and saw the silver-headed worm in front of him bow his head and lick his lips.

Gu Huai saw a silver big cat just want to approach him again. As a result, he suddenly found his claws too sharp, so he squatted his ears and tail and did not touch him.

Especially awkward.

Gu Huai, who had such an idea, couldn't help but cough at this moment and said, "I shouldn't have to wear a glove afterwards."

This sentence made the silver-gray tail behind Arvis suddenly rise a little, and noticed the noun in the youth, and Yalves took off the black gloves he was wearing on his hands.

Still very good.

Gu Huai looked at the tail that had been raised behind Arvis. He took the gloves handed to him and wore it very simply.

The gloves are also a bit big... Gu Huai contrasts the shape of himself and the silver worms in front of him, and he is a little envious of the latter's height and explosive body.

Although I changed the world, Gu Huai found that she did not grow taller, still 178's height, and could not live to the 180 line.

The silver worms in front of him must have a height of one meter nine and a height of at least half a head.

Gu Huai stayed in the room for a few hours. It is almost until the evening, and the sky outside has darkened. He was taken to the hall on the first floor of the mansion at this time.

For Zerg who do not pay attention to material enjoyment, eating and sleeping are just a physiological need, so most Zerg will directly use nutrients to solve daily eating needs.

It was also when the food was prepared for Gu Huai that these high zergs suddenly thought that they might need to learn to cook or find a few chefs.

The first meal was prepared in a hurry, and the chief of staff who had handled the important government affairs in the private office stood in the temporarily built kitchen, staring at the ingredients with a pair of gold-rimmed glasses.

This glasses is a technological product that allows you to view the Star Network and scan various documents anytime, anywhere, while the Chief of Staff is browsing through some simple recipes.

I don't know if these foods are paired together. Is nutrition rich enough and balanced? After putting the food on the table, the chief of staff is kneeling in front of Gu Huai: "I am very sorry that I can only prepare for you." Such foods will be improved as soon as possible."

Gu Huai can look at the table as a rich dish. Although there are several dishes that seem to be boiled, it has already made Gu Huai, who has eaten some egg shells, very appetizing.

"It's already very good." Gu Huai quickly shook his head and then said seriously, "Thank you."

"If you can like it, it will be the biggest reward for me." The chief of staff stood up and bowed to the young man sitting in the main position. "Your staple food will be delivered immediately. Please wait a moment."

Staple food?

These are not staple foods...?

Gu Huaizhen was puzzled. Within half a minute, he saw a tall zerg, one of the high-rises of Tuse, holding a jar made of pure black crystals and a bottle of transparent liquid.

When the black crystal can was opened, Gu Huai suddenly smelled a familiar taste, and in front of him, the higher zerg took a white powder from the crystal jar with a spoon.

At this time, Gu Huai was a little aware of what.

After licking three spoonfuls of powder into the cup, the other party poured a part of the transparent liquid in the bottle and poured it into two-thirds of the cup. The higher zerg began to stir with a spoon. Cup of liquid.

Not long after, Gu Huai looked at the milky white drink like milk in the glass.

Gu Huai: "..."

“The jars are filled with eggshell powder ground with your eggshell, and the mixture with the eggshell powder is the Pubano sap. Mixing them together can be more nutritious,” the chief of staff explained.

At this time, the glass was moved to Rio, allowing the opponent to precisely control the temperature with the ability. After confirming that there was no problem with the temperature, the glass with the milky white liquid was pushed to the front of Gu Huai.

Chief of Staff: "This is the best ratio and temperature, I hope to match your taste."

Looking at this cup, no matter how you look, it is like a baby's milk, and a group of zergs around you are full of anticipation, Gu Huai micro card shell.

Although he had already known that his eggshell had to be ground into milk powder, Gu Huai did not expect that he would have to squat on the crowd of his own zerg...

Drink... drink milk? ?

Gu Huai looked at the cup of milk and fell into a subtle silence. 



Chapter 12 

Milky white sprinkled with the milky smell of the Zerg brand baby milk in front of Gu Huai, when Gu Huai reached out to touch the glass with milk, he obviously felt the zerg around him watching him The eyes suddenly lit up a bit more.

Even the Tucker worms who have seen Gu Huai eating eggshells are now slightly shrinking their scarlet erect cockroaches, and their eyes are straightforwardly staring at Gu Huai.

The only exception, probably only sitting in the next door of Gu Huai Yalves.

No matter from the body or the psychology, Gu Huai's performance is undoubtedly in line with the state of adulthood. Therefore, Yalves only regarded the youth as a cub born with a broken shell when he first met.

After a brief observation of this, Arvis looked at the other as an adult zerg.

In fact, other Zerg people understand this, but they differ from Yalves in that they have a parental attitude towards Gu Huai, so they always subjectively and undergroundly regard the latter as a young child.

Their Wang Cai has just been born for a few days, of course, still young!

Even if the ideology understands the facts rationally, the Zerg who are affected by the mentality of the parents have simply crossed this fact from their own hearts and have the current situation.

Gu Huai took the cup of Zerg brand baby milk, and under the watch of a group of Zerg, he felt inexplicably felt a shame.

Obviously, you will drink a milk. If you drink ordinary milk, you will have nothing.

It’s not a bottle to give him a drink, nothing to be ashamed of -

With such a thought, Gu Huai quickly gave himself a psychological construction, but when Gu Huai was preparing to put the cup of milk up and drinking, the cup had already touched the lips. He suddenly heard the chief of staff tempted to ask: "Can you record the picture of your eating?"

At the same time, the chief of staff has even come up with a micro-device that can be used as a recording tool, barely maintaining a calm look and pushing the glasses to wait for Gu Huai’s answer.

When Gu Huai wanted to cover his eyes at this time, he suddenly thought that in the original world, a screenwriter predecessor he knew was even a two-year-old baby at home who had to eat a chicken leg and took a mobile phone. He then deliberately sent it. Show them in the group.

Contrast to replace this matter, Gu Huai is not easy to do a good psychological construction collapse, but then he glued it with a strong mentality like 502 super glue.

Mainly to see the eyes of the group of Zerg around, obviously looking forward to it, Gu Huai is hard to refuse.

"Yes." Gu Huai compromised the location.

Gu Huai nodded, the micro-recording device in the hands of the chief of staff began to operate.

Gu Huai reluctantly did not see the recorder, and picked up the cup with milky white milk and drank it.

After mixing with Pubano sap, this cup of zerg brand baby milk is sweet, but it is not a sweet taste, it is a light milky sweet.

In the case of being onlookers, Gu Huai quickly sipped the whole cup of milk, and after the drink, he unconsciously slammed his mouth and put down the cup.

After doing this, Gu Huai found that the group of zergs near him seemed to be staring at his face. Gu Huai raised his hand and touched his face with a puzzled look. As a result, he touched the milk stain on his lips.

It was because I had just drunk too fast, and my mouth was accidentally touched.

And Gu Huai didn't know if it was his illusion. He just wiped the milk stain on his mouth, and it turned out to be a faint expression from the surrounding Zerg's face.

The king with milk stains on his mouth is particularly cute, but unfortunately they only saw it for a few seconds, but they thought that the picture had been recorded. The high-ranking zerg was suddenly happy.

The picture recorded by this recording device can present a holographic image during replay, and the picture appears to be exactly the same as the reality except that there is no entity.

After the staple food was finished, Gu Huai put his eyes on other foods on the table. To be honest, he didn't know any of these ingredients, and some didn't even know how to eat.

For example, on the left hand side, the one that looks like a white conch, but completely autistic and has no openings, Gu Huai took the chopsticks to poke, only poked a hard shell.

Gu Huai put the food on his mouth and bite it bit by bit. However, nothing happened except the "beep" of the collision between the teeth and the hard shell.

"How do you eat this?" Gu Huai asked the nearest insect, that is, Yalves sitting next to him.

Hearing Gu Huai asked, the Zerg who looked around him realized that he could not bite such food.

Like this kind of nometic fish that is calcinized on the surface of the body, even the newly born zerg cubs can bite into their stomachs, but the young people in front of them are obviously unable to bite.

Yalves didn't talk, just clipped the Nomike fish that had just been bitten by Gu Huai to his side. Then he easily knocked out the hard surface of this food calcium, and removed the fishbone one by one. Finally, the delicious meat of the inner meat is caught in the Gu Huai plate.

After doing these things, the positive expressionless silver worms said in a low, slow voice: "This is the Nomic fish. After the body is exposed to high temperatures, the surface will be calcium, and the shell can be knocked open. have eaten."

This kind of food turned out to be a fish. Gu Huai felt very strange. He picked up a piece of fish from the plate and tried to eat it. The taste of the long-lost normal food immediately made Gu Huai unable to eat two more.

In the following time, it was basically Gu Huai who looked at the bad food, and the silver worms next to him all helped him.

For the other higher Zerg who were present, this was the first time they saw their own leader being so obedient and talking.

Gu Huai was eating satisfactorily. At this time, among the crowds of the Zerg, Rio suddenly said: "You did not say that you want to resign before the Chief of Staff. If you resign, I am willing to take over your position."

Gu Huai Weng raised his head and looked at the chief of staff who was standing near him. He said in confusion: "Alice, you have to resign? Why?"

Tussex can be managed in a well-organized manner. Of course, the chief of staff responsible for the planetary government is indispensable. Gu Huai does not want the other party to resign.

"No, my subordinates don't want to resign." The chief of staff calmly replied, only slightly rushing his eyes when he pushed the glasses to expose his heart. "The subordinates will always stay in Tusexing to build your favorite home." ”

The position of chief of staff can often reach the king, and Ellis has no idea of ​​resigning now, or he can't wait to stay in Tusser forever.

Previously, because the position of Chief of Staff had to deal with a large amount of government affairs, Ellis told his six colleagues that he would resign and asked if anyone would take over his position, and all of them refused.

Now that Wang has come to Thur Star, his colleagues are trying to take over his position. How can there be such a good thing?

He was seated in the position of chief of staff and he said that he would not let it go.

"Well, you don't resign." Gu Huai's eye bends a little.

After eating, Gu Huai wiped his mouth clean and didn't even run to chase him. He sat up straight and said to the chief of staff: "Iris, tell me about the specific situation of our race now."

Although Gu Huai learned some information about the entire interstellar and Zerg itself through the inheritance of memory, most of the things he only knew about a basic outline, he did not know the actual appearance.

"Okay." The chief of staff nodded and quickly thought about where he should start.

"Before you were born, the higher zerg of class a was the apex of our race, and there were four zergs in this class. One of them was one of them." Speaking of the chief of staff, Sudden, "The current situation in our race is that the four a zerg, including the adults of Yalves, are leading their respective corps. The corps do not interfere with each other and occupy their respective territories to maintain independence. Very few times. There will be friction."

Gu Huai listened carefully, and he quickly turned some of the words he heard into simpler information.

That is to say, because the zerg of the a class does not obey anyone, the four zergs at the top of the power each dominate the followers, and the Zerg is currently in a state of division.

"That is, our race is now split?" After analysis, Gu Huai still asked.

"Yes, split into four..." The chief of staff gave a positive response, and while he said, he could not help but feel embarrassed.

They failed to make the king have a unified race, and now only let the other party have a quarter.

The Zerg of the other three legions did not know what kind of attitude the king would be. Even the same family, the chief of staff did not let this guard down.

If you love the king as much as they do, then of course it is the best, but in case it is not...

After all, when they initially faced the choice, they chose different followers, which fully explained the differences between the same family.

The Zerg of their first legion is willing to surrender to the king, but the Zerg of the other three legions may not be like this, especially the heads of the other three legions.

Knowing the split situation made Gu Huai a little headache. He had thought about changing the solitary situation of the Zerg without any ally in the interstellar. Now, it seems that the first thing he has to solve is the problem of internal division within his own race.

If he does not integrate the four corps of the Zerg first, nothing else can be done.

Like feeling the anxiety of the youth, the silver-haired worms who have blindfolded their eyes are crying at this moment: "The forced reunification is not infeasible."

Because of the militant character, Yalves always thinks of fighting first, rather than solving problems in a gentle way. And forced reunification is simpler and more direct in his eyes than a gentle way with uncertainty.

The Chief of Staff stood silently, and in his view, Yalves was undoubtedly the most powerful of the four azerians.

If it was not for their leader who had no interest in government affairs and threw his work to him as a chief of staff, perhaps their race would not be split to this day, but they were all under the leadership of the other party.

But Gu Huai’s idea is very different. He thought about it: “Maybe... I can try to communicate with one of them first.”

Standing in the perspective of Gu Huai, he actually felt that the Zerg of the other three legions should have a similar attitude towards him. He said that if the attitude is really different, it would not hurt him.

Since this is Gu Huai’s will, then Arvis will not oppose it, he will be ready to fight.

In the unlikely event that the Zerg of other legions is not good, he will also support the youth to let the other party continue to sit on the throne.

Communication uses spiritual links. Before I saw it, Gu Huai could not accurately select objects with spiritual links. But the object to be linked is a a zerg, and Gu Huai has a distinguishing skill.

When building a spiritual link, if Gu Huai wants to, he can see countless spots in his spiritual field.

Each spot represents a Zerg, and the brighter the spot, the stronger the Zerg.

Gu Huai can see the brightest spot next to him, is Yalves, and the other three distant, only Bialves, slightly weaker spot should be the other three heads.

Gu Huai chose one of them to link, but after building the link, he suddenly did not know what to say to the strange zerg who was far away from him.

This caused this situation.

... The spiritual link continues, but the owner who issued the link did not say a word, only the breathing sound conveyed the past.

And just because of this, at this time on the Tamil star, which is far away from Tuse Star, the planet owner who was listening to the subordinates reporting government affairs shook hands and cut the entire conference table caused by the black stone. It became two halves.

"Kapalia adults?" The good conference table was suddenly cut into two halves, and the faces of several high-ranking Zerg who reported to the leader of the government could not help but reveal some surprises.

The higher Zerg who stood up from the main table of the conference table was a woman, and the left hand of the other party was in the form of a cold knife. This is the racial characteristic that the other person retained when he advanced the humanoid form. Only the right hand looks like normal. Human hand.

As the head of the Second Army of the Zerg, Kapaliya is the only woman among the four heads of the army. She was born from the Tak.

Knowing that it is a direct transmission to the mind-conscious voice, Kapaliya has instinctively increased her hearing ability to the most acute degree.

This is already a gesture that will be taken in the battle, but she is not doing this for fighting.

And just because she is afraid to miss the voice that is conveyed. 



Chapter 13 

At the very beginning of receiving the short-lived spiritual link, Kapaliya’s next action was to send troops to look for it.

It is true that with that distant and short-lived spiritual link, Kapaliya is also not clearly aware of how important the owner of this link is to her.

But women always have an intuitive sense. This instinct tells Cappalia that she should start looking for it, so she responded accordingly.

However, the troops dispatched have not been able to find the target, and Kapaliya has not received the second spiritual link since then, so the instinct that must be sought is gradually weakened in her heart.

Until this moment.

Gu Huai is slightly stuck on another distant planet, mainly because he does not know which of the three military leaders on his link, and he does not know how to call the other party.

Well, you... how are you? As soon as the words were spoken, Gu Huai couldn’t help but silence for a second. He felt that the opening statement seemed a bit embarrassing.

The voice conveyed in consciousness is pure and soft, not a short-sounding syllable, but a complete sentence.

Because of this voice, the female Zerg, who had long been able to perfectly control the left-handed power of the sharp knife form, was shaken again. The black stone stone table that had been pitifully split into two in the conference room was hit hard again. Lying on the ground in a split position.

The other higher Zerg in the conference room did not know what it was. At this time, they could only stand aside and did not dare to ask.

In their cognition, although the leader of the Second Legion, who was born in the Tak Zerg, rarely showed the fierce and violent side of the Tak worm, it was very calm, even if it was angry, it showed the coldness opposite to the anger. .

Like the magma hidden under the ice, this kind of anger in the calm state makes the enemy feel terrible.

But now, the other Zerg in the conference room found that the calmness of Kapaliya seemed to have been shaken and shaken quite clearly.

Because the link is one-way and the two sides are far away, Gu Huai cannot know at this time what kind of reaction the zeri received the link.

After experiencing a somewhat embarrassing opening remark, Gu Huai paused and decided to speak his mind directly.

Would you like to come to Tuse Star? I am on this planet, I want to meet you if I can.

After saying this, Gu Huai waited for a while before cutting off the link, and then involuntarily yawned.

Gu Huai’s eyes were so refreshing that the corners of his eyes were slightly red, and he raised his hand to blink.

At this time, an overseas communication request that had never appeared before was sent to the terminal of the next chief of staff.

The communication request showed that the coordinate position of the sender was the Rhine galaxy-Tamir star, and the chief of staff became cautious. When the silver worms on the seat saw him nod, the chief of staff agreed to connect.

As soon as the communication was connected, a frosty female zerg appeared in the unfolding communication screen.

The Zerg, who can advance into the humanoid form, generally does not have much to look at, but the female Zerg that appears in the communication screen can be said to look very good.

But this beauty is very cold and fierce, and the reaction that people see when they first saw it was not appreciation, but fear and fear.

After all, the other side is a Tak Zerg, and is a class of Tak zerg, the name of this group has already brought deterrence.

Through communication, Kapalia, who was on a distant planet, used her eyes to capture a strange figure in the communication screen.

The young man sitting next to the silver-haired worm has a soft, fluffy black short hair, and a few hair tips are not obediently swaying, showing a bit of cuteness in the mess.

Humanity……?

The other higher Zerg in the Tamil Star conference room looked at the communication screen together. They didn't understand why their leader suddenly sent a message to Tuse Star.

The four regiments within their race remain independent of each other. They are totally refusing to communicate. No one cares about who is without friction, but they will not question the decision of the superior.

Only when the black-haired youth in the seat was seen in the video footage of the communication, these higher Zerg could not help but have doubts.

There are no zerg characteristics on the body, and the pupil is also round. The young man sitting in the seat looks like a human. But why do humans appear in Tuse Star and look like they are being treated?

Their relationship with humanity is not so good -

But thinking this way, the higher zerg in the Tamil Star conference room somehow could not remove the sight from the youth in the communication screen.

Just like there is a huge magnetic attraction that attracts them, even the impact of the heart on the chest is a bit harder, and finally it almost hits the eardrum.

This is a very strange feeling. Even if it is only a virtual image without physical objects that can't be immediately recognized, the strong racial instinct is constantly suggesting and telling them what is happening in front of them.

Knowing the truth faster than the surrounding higher Zerg, when I noticed the wet and reddish eyes of the young man on the seat, Kapalia's most direct reaction was anger, so her expression became extremely cold in an instant.

It is difficult for the Zerg to understand the two things of crying and tears, but there is an adjutant who is good at imitating human feelings around Kapaliya, so she probably knows that for other races, crying and tears are usually sad and sad.

It is because of the painful things that there will be a crying and tearful expression.

“Why are you sad because of what?” In an almost cold-sounding tone, Capalia decided to look at the figure that appeared in the communication screen.

The left hand of the sharp knife form a deep crack in the ground of the conference room. If you don't see what the conference room is now being destroyed, you may think that the other party is still very calm from the expression of Kapaliya.

Sad?

Gu Huai stunned at the other end of the newsletter and could not understand why the other party thought so.

Gu Huai did not respond immediately, and the female Zerg at the other end of the communication was just waiting quietly.

After a few seconds, Gu Huai’s reaction may be because he just blinked his eyes, so he quickly explained: “No... not sad, just because it’s a little sleepy.”

The construction of spiritual links consumes mental energy, or the mental power of the young age does not allow Gu Huai to squander.

But this is not to say that Gu Huai’s current mental strength is very weak. On the contrary, compared with the ordinary higher Zerg, Gu Huai’s current mental strength is actually very good.

Being able to successfully establish a spiritual link to the target object between two distant planets is already the best proof of spiritual strength. Only the ability to consume long-distance spiritual links is too much for the current Gu Huai, which will lead to this result.

Hearing the answer, Capalia first frowned and thought for a few seconds, then slowly lowered the cold look on her face.

The Zerg, who was born in the Tucker group, is considered to be fierce and violent even in the same family. Not to mention the other races in the interstellar race, but Gu Huai likes the Tak zerg because he just came to the world and was surrounded by him. A group of Tak zerg are protected, and of course it will be dependent.

Therefore, when Gu Huai saw the left hand of the female zerg knives in the communication screen, he could not help but feel more intimate.

When I heard that the Tak zerg above the δ class was in the advanced humanoid form, most of them would choose to keep the sharp-edged forearm as a racial feature, which Gu Huai heard from Alger.

If they are capable of advanced humanoid form, it should be like this...

In the heart of Gu Huai’s mind, he moved his gaze to the Tucker squad who guarded him. Almost as soon as he looked around, the Tucker worms whispered low to his head.

Is there anything I want for the cub?

The Tucker worms touched by Gu Huai’s sight naturally produced this idea, and they issued such a voice to represent the inquiry.

Gu Huai understood the meaning of these Tak zerg expressions. He shook his head gently and smiled in a blink of an eye.

If these Tak zergs can also advance into the humanoid form and have higher wisdom, the lower-ranking Zerg has no ability to advance into the humanoid form, which makes Gu Huai feel sorry.

Gu Huai hid this regret and sadness and looked up at the communication video and asked, "Would you like to come to Tuse Star?"

Although I have already asked through the spiritual link before, but because I did not hear the answer, Gu Huai asked again.

Kapalia shifted her eyes and looked at the silver worms next to Gu Huai. When she put her eyes back on Gu Huai, she said, "The genus is now."

"I will only bring the fleet of the lowest size in the past, you can rest assured." Kapaliya said coldly, her words are to the local Zerg who are outside the youth.

When the communication was over, in the conference room, Kapaliya, facing a group of subordinates looking forward to follow, said to his adjutant: "Lisa, you go to Tusser with me."

“Yes.” The named female Zerg smiled and replied that compared with other Zerg, the other party seemed to have a very rich expression and emotion, which seemed to be out of place in a group of cold-faced Zerg.

"The rest of the people choose to compete on their own, and sail out after ten minutes." Kapalia dropped the sentence and left the meeting room.

In fact, I didn't want to wait for ten minutes. Kapaliya wanted to get to Tuse Star immediately. Every time she waited for a second, she felt the anxiety inside.

On the other end, the seven high-ranking figures of Tuse Star gave birth to a careful thought because of this newsletter.

The leader of the Second Legion seems to have a good attitude towards the king, which is of course good, but...

Wang was the first to be found by their first legion. After they brought back to Thurs, they are still not hot. How can the Zerg of other legions come over and pay attention to them? ?

It takes at least two days from Tamil Star to come to Tusser. In these two days, they will let all the Zerg on the Thur Star know the news that Wang is staying on their planet, before they come to other legions. Say something to make the Zerg on your own planet happy. 



Chapter 14 

Gu Huai was brought back to the news of Tusexing. Under the decision of the Tuse's high-level parliament, the whole day was uploaded in the whole of Tuse Star.

In fact, it is not just the Tuse star. It is said that the Zerg soldiers stationed on other planets in the entire first legion want to go to Tuse Star because they hear the news.

In such a short period of time, the airport port of Tusestar entered an unprecedentedly lively state, and the group of Eurasian warships arrived one after another, and the huge airport even became a bit crowded.

Such obvious movements of the Zerg have paid attention to many races in the interstellar. Although no race will take the initiative to approach several galaxies occupied by the Zerg, this does not mean that they do not pay attention to the movement of the Zerg.

Why are so many Yula warships all coming together to join the Thurs star, is the first army of the Zerg is arranging forces to prepare for a race?...

Such a change made these horrible races to understand the horrible race of the Zerg army, and secretly raised some vigilance.

But in fact, these Zerg soldiers who had rushed to Tuse Star just couldn't wait to see their king. They went to Tuse Star, hoping to stay on the same planet with their own king.

"Previously recorded images, do you allow your subordinates to play at the soldiers' terminals?" The chief of staff stood next to Gu Huai and asked with a low head. Then he said, "Everyone wants to see you very much. There is nothing more than playing images." The quick way."

Speaking of recording images, Gu Huai immediately remembered yesterday's business, and the eyelids jumped.

So he has to pay more attention to the Zerg when he drinks milk.

But these Zerg soldiers were rushed over because they knew that he was in Tusexing, so Gu Huai only nodded for a second and agreed.

"Everyone will be very happy to see the image." The chief of staff said with a slight invisible smile, this is the expression of his new learning, not very skilled.

The Zerg soldiers of the First Legion quickly received the recorded images on their own terminals. These Zerg soldiers watched the young black-haired youth who were eating in the image with bright eyes.

After reading the recorded images, the Zerg soldiers immediately saved the image and happily existed in their personal terminal.

Gu Huai got up very early today and was drinking half a cup of milk for breakfast. Gu Huai said to Yalves sitting next to him: "I don't know the specific appearance of Thur Star. Would you take me to visit? ”

Even if he returned to the capital star, he still refused to sue the government to the chief of the chief of the silver worms. He used a low and cold voice: "Where do you want to go first?"

"All right." Gu Huai thought about it.

The outdoor air seems to be colder than yesterday, and Gu Huai walked out of the mansion following a group of Tak Zerg.

Gu Huai was taken to visit several places by Yalves. The first place to visit was the military building. Since Gu Huai found that he was staying here, it seemed to affect the office very much. The higher Zerg in the military department looked at him. As soon as he got into a state of being unable to work properly, he did not visit a few floors and took the initiative to change places.

Then I also visited the mech database, where Gu Huai looked at the mech weapons that were originally only in the imagination, and did not blink for a few seconds.

Then, because of his move, he put a key-shaped silver metal in his hand.

"What is this?" Gu Huai finally blinked at this moment, he turned his head and asked the silver worms in his hand next to the key.

"Mechanical button." Yalves replied, saying, "It’s better than the performance you see."

Give it to him again.

Gu Huai quickly understood this. He saw the silver worms next to him with no expression on his face. His face was covered with a layer of cold frost. Standing alone also made people feel arrogant and indifferent.

In such an icy gas field, Gu Huai's line of sight moved involuntarily to the other side's eyes covered with black obscuration.

The eyes of the Zerg of different power classes are not the same. For example, in the observation of Gu Huai, he knows that the low-level Zerg unification is a scarlet erect, the Z-class Zerg eyes are amber, and the a zerg...

Gu Huai recalled the light golden erect he saw in the communication screen yesterday, when he looked at Arvis and asked, "Is your eyes as golden as Kapalia?"

It seems that Gu Huai would ask this question. Yalves looked down on the young man next to him. After a while, he smiled like a snoring voice: "Well."

Golden eyes...

Separated by a layer of black cloth, Gu Huai could not help but imagine a little, but always felt that his brain was not good enough, the other's eyes should be more beautiful than this.

"That must be very beautiful." Although she did not see it at all, Gu Huai bent his eyes and still boasted at all.

Just saying this, Gu Huai saw the silver-gray tail behind him suddenly moving, and then he heard Yalves say: "I want to see you."

This is a declarative sentence. It is difficult to hear emotions from the calm and cold voice of Yalves, and Gu Huai succumbs because of this very straightforward and unpredictable discourse.

Without waiting for what Gu Huai said, he heard that Arvis added a sentence: "You will make me feel very quiet in the vicinity. If you don't solve the blindfold, you should not lose control."

From the jump between these two sentences, Gu Huai at least understood, the silver worms next to him did express the idea of ​​wanting to see him.

His existence seems to have a certain stability to the other side, but I don't know how far this stability effect can be. Probably because he didn't want to lose control and hurt him, Arvis did not take off his blindfold to see him.

"Just solve the problem and then tie it up, it should not be how?" Gu Huai said this sentence.

Gu Huai's emotional perception of Yalves is not so clear and accurate to other Zerg, but he feels that when the other side stays with him, there is really no such irritating irritability and pain as Alger said.

Therefore, Gu Huai feels that perhaps this stability can make the other party look at the world normally.

When Gu Huaigang finished speaking, he saw the silver-haired worms with a cold expression next to him licking his lips. The other party did not speak at this moment, and remained silent and silent. Gu Huai knew that this was a rejection.

After a few more seconds, Arvis said to him: "If I lose control, even if it is less than a second, you will be killed by me."

The skin and body that can easily be cut off, easily cut or pierced, this fragility is confusing to Yalves who has never learned "protection."

This is a very different subject from the destruction of the battle, and the former is obviously much more difficult for Yalves.

Gu Huaiwen scratched his cheeks. He understood that it was not the time to change his mind, so he simply switched the topic and let Yalves take him to the next place to visit.

They finally went to the tallest building in Tuse Star, the t-tower. This black tower is more than a thousand meters high. Gu Huai stands at the top of the tower and looks at the Tuse Star. There seemed to be only three colors left in his eyes, black and white.

Although it is very scientific, it looks very monotonous and cold.

The color of the building is one of these three colors, and the greenness depicted by the trees and flowers is not visible from a high altitude.

"Only there is a plant species of Tambo in Thurs?" Gu Huai did not see the trees, but the trees were also black, and they could not add color to the scenes in front of him.

Speaking of this Tamu tree, Gu Huai has seen it on the abandoned planet, the kind of black lacquered tree he saw when he went to pick the fruit.

"The soil environment of Tusestar can only survive if it is a tree," Yalves replied.

After all, this tree can grow normally in the abandoned planet, which often has corrosive rain. It is deeply felt that Gu Huai is tenacious.

"That is no money, no wonder I haven't seen it all the way..." Gu Huai took his chin and brought a bit of regret to his tone.

In the original world, Gu Huai liked to raise flowers at home, because writing scripts sometimes also caused headaches, and he cultivated flowers to cultivate his body.

"Flower...?" Arvis slowly repeated the word and asked, "What is the flower?"

Gu Huai blinked in surprise, and the silver worms next to him would not know what the flowers were: "When you just met me, there was not a white one in front of me..."

Speaking of this, Gu Huai hurriedly remembered that the other party could not see this, so he quickly changed his mouth and said: "It is an ornamental plant, and many of them look very beautiful."

"If you can have flowers on the map, you can have flowers." Gu Huai looked at the distant scene and bent his eyes in his own imagination.

If Tuse Star can have flowers, there will be many more colors, and the planet will become more beautiful.

Yalves did not speak. He remembered all the words that Gu Huai said. After taking Gu Huai back to the palace, he transferred his adjutant.

"Which planet can find flowers near Thur Star?" Arvis asked blankly.

Alger didn't respond, and he didn't understand how his boss suddenly wanted to find flowers.

Fortunately, this kind of problem is still difficult to beat Alger, he replied: "Recently, the Nom star in the next line of galaxies should be able to find, the soil environment of most habitable planets is better than Tusser."

"You go with me." Said, Arvis got up and went out.

Alger was full of question marks, but the command of the leader could not disobey, he could only follow.

It took only one or two hours to get to the planet from Tussah to Nom, and Alger found that his role was entirely the eyes of his own leader.

He took Yalves to find a place where many flowers were growing, and then listened to the other person and asked him: "Which one is white?"

Alger began to show his due diligence.

Although the specific shape and color of the thing could not be seen, but where the adjutant pointed his finger, Arvis could clearly perceive that he reached out in the direction pointed by the other.

"Kacha-"

The fragile flowering branch was completely broken in the hands of Yarvis, and it was crushed at once. The clear cracking sound made Arvis’s movements pause, and he crushed the flower that was crushed by him. Throw it on the ground.

Alger looked at his own leader and smashed the flowers, so he didn't understand the purpose of the other party's trip.

"What else is white?" Arvis once again asked the adjutant next to him.

Alger looked at the white flowers with sympathy, but he went forward and pointed.

The act of breaking and crushing has been repeated several times. Arvis has already converge on several times to control his own strength, but these flowers are too weak for him, and his hands will be destroyed even if they are just pinched.

After almost completely destroying this flower, Arvis finally succeeded in using his finger to gently grasp a pure white flower.

"Go back." Yalves let go of the flowers left in this place.

When Yalves returned to Thur Star, Gu Huai was taking a nap, and Yalves took the flowers he brought back from another planet into the youth room, because Gu Huai was asleep, he took This flower is quiet waiting at the bedside.

Gu Huai was asleep for more than an hour. When he opened his eyes with his eyes open, his eyes immediately caught a silver-gray tail.

Gu Huai stunned and looked up from this perspective. Gu Huai saw a silver worm that was standing quietly beside his bed, and in the other hand, was holding a pure white flower.

When Gu Huai’s eyes touched the flower, Gu Huai looked at the other side and extended his left hand to him.

"flower."

Like worrying that the flower would be accidentally pinched, Yalves’ slender and knuckled fingers were holding the flower branch with a careful force. He handed the flower to Gu Huai.

Gu Huai looked at the flower and just returned to God and couldn't help but glimpse. Compared with this flower, Gu Huai now pays more attention to Yalves who is giving him flowers with such a careful attitude.

It is certainly impossible to say that there is no touch at all. Gu Huai thinks that this silver big cat in front of him is very cute.

Didn't pick up the flowers right away, Gu Huai got up from the bed, he looked up and looked up and stood looking down at his Arvis, pulling the other's clothes to signal the other side to kneel down.

Comprehending the meaning of Gu Huai, Arvis squatted down the body.

When the heights of the two sides were almost the same, Gu Huai reached out and his fingers touched the black eye mask blinded by Yalves' eyes.

Touched by this layer of obstruction, Yalves' body was obviously tight in an instant, but he restrained his own hands without reflection to detain Gu Huai.

Because Yalves understands that if he does not control the strength, he will be crushed by the other's wrist.

"The flowers you gave me are very beautiful, can you look at it?" Gu Huai Wen said, and while the fingers were asking, he tentatively moved to the place where the knot was tied behind.

"..." Arvis was silent, his body was still tight, he didn't nod his head and said yes, but he didn't move.

"You won't lose control and hurt me." Gu Huai whispered softly, and the hand that had been placed in the tie position touched the other side's cool and supple silver hair.

When he calmed down and felt the body of the silver worms in front of him feel a little relaxed, and confirmed that the other party acquiesced, Gu Huai was closer to the other side, both hands stretched out and gently untied the black eye mask that was just tied casually.

The unblocked occlusion suddenly fell, and the next second, Gu Huai had a pair of light golden erects like light and shadow.

This pair of pale gold erects is very beautiful. Gu Huai couldn't help but blink his eyes when he looked at it, so he saw the eyes that appeared in these eyes also made blinking movements.

"This is a flower, is it a good look?" After watching it for a while, Gu Huai finally took the white flower from the hand of Yalves, and he bent his eyes to show the flower in front of the other side.

It has not been seen for a long time beyond black, and the specific shape of the world has become even stranger to Yalves.

Hearing the sound, Arvis's gaze began to involuntarily look at the young black-eyed youth in front of him, and when he saw the latter's curved eyes smiling, his sight could not be removed from the other side.

Like seeing the most beautiful flower in the world, this flower is on his heart. 



Chapter 15 

Gu Huai took the flower and gently shook this pure white flower in front of the silver worms in his vicinity.

The pliable flower swaying, this flower is like dancing briskly.

Gu Huai does not know what kind of flower this flower is. It looks a bit like a rose on earth, but it is more beautiful than a rose, and there is no thorn.

Even if you touch it at will, you don't have to worry about being stabbed. This flower is very hard to show the viewer all the softness and beauty.

The white flowers are swaying in front of the eyes. In terms of the hunter's instinct, such dynamic things should make it easier for Arvis to capture instinct with vision.

But at this time in front of Yalves, there is a beautiful thing that will attract all his eyes even if it is quiet, and the subjective desire to see will push the instinct to the other side.

Gu Huai waited for a while and didn't hear Arvis's evaluation of the flower. He looked at it with doubt, and then found that the beautiful golden eyes of the other side were watching him.

When blindfolded, Arvis would have a different sense of normality, and he would appear to be indifferent and indifferent when he was expressionless.

But now the black straps on the eyes are untied, and the light golden erects are exposed. This handsome beauty is flawless.

Like a big cat lying on the ground and watching something of particular interest, Gu Huai was stunned at this moment, did not hold back and touched the hair of Arvis.

This silver hair is very supple, feels very good to touch, Gu Huai is a little addicted to touch the top.

Arvis, who was touched by the hair, slightly picked up his erect in an instant. He did not resist, letting Gu Huai move freely.

After waiting for a few seconds to react to what he had done, Gu Huai Dun lived and slammed his hand and hurriedly took it back.

Before I touched it to appease, it is a bit rude to touch other people's hair for no reason at all.

But Gu Huaigang took his hand off and had not had time to say sorry. He saw that Arvis in front of him had pulled his hand that had just been withdrawn and pulled back to his head without a word.

This is... give him a touch?

At this time, Gu Huai did not know what the special action of “combing the hair” had in the Zerg. He watched a silver big cat show his docile appearance in front of him and let him touch it. Gu Huai did not hold himself back. The sinful hand touched the extra silver hair that was so soft.

"You don't have to wear this thing anymore in the future?" Gu Huai took the black strap that he had solved with his right hand. After he finished speaking, he thought about it and then said, "You said that I would feel around me. Quiet, shouldn't you wear it at least when you see me?"

"... um." Hesitated for a while, and Yalves finally fell to a low voice.

The shape of the world is strange, obviously a familiar place, but because the vision is closed for too long, and the eyes are re-visited, Yalves has a deep and unfamiliar understanding of what he sees.

Shape, color.

It takes about a second or two seconds for Yalves to match what he sees with what he once knew.

"How long have you been using your eyes to see things?" Gu Huai looked at each other.

Yalves squinted his eyes and looked blank: "I don't remember."

Because irritability and uncontrollable desire to break control are things that happened long ago, Yalves does not specifically remember the passage of time. Discarding the vision does not make him feel uncomfortable. Only a black world can be slightly Make him feel quieter.

It should have been a long time, Gu Huai thought.

"Then I saw it now, and the things I saw will make you feel..." Gu Huai said that he stopped here and wondered if he should use it to resist, get bored, or not like it more suitable, but did not wait for him to put the last one. The words were honed, and he first heard that Arvis said that there seemed to be nothing to do with responding to the question.

"I saw you." Arvis said in a tone that was not undulating, but in the cold, it made people feel very serious.

The scenery that I saw did not change, only one more person.

But this is like a lonely star in the black universe to find its moon, in front of Yalves, the world has never been so beautiful.

Gu Huai did not forget that Arvis had said that he wanted to see him before, so he bent at the moment and said: "You can continue to see it later."

Yalves instigated his eyes because of this sentence. He didn't even want to make a blink of an eye before, because it would make him have a very short moment to see the person in front of him.

The flower that was taken needed to be nursed, and Gu Huai got up to find a glass that could hold water. After installing about half a cup of water, the rhizome of the pure white flower he held on his hand was inserted into the water.

This should be at least a little longer.

Gu Huai put the glass with the flower on the window sill, and after sticking out the finger carefully to poke the petals, he walked back to Arvis: "Thank you for the flowers, it looks good."

There is no flower on the star of Tuse, and this flower can only be picked up by the other party to other planets, but this flower that has been picked up can only grow and survive for a short time. Gu Huai feels a pity.

"Why are you disappointed?" I noticed the slight change in the expression on Gu Huai's face, and Yalves asked with a low voice.

"It’s not a disappointment, it’s a pity.” Gu Huai Wen explained, “Because this flower will fade after a while.”

“If there is a suitable soil, it can be transplanted, but the soil of Tusestar is not suitable.”

The soil environment of a planet is difficult to change. There is no way to plant flowers on the map. If you want to have flowers, you should only go to other planets to get some soil and then plant a pot.

But in this case, only he saw the flowers alone. Gu Huai actually hopes that the Zerg who lives on the Tuse Star can see more different colors on the planet.

For the overall view of a planet, there is nothing better than a flower.

Yalves made his lips a very cold line. He looked at the flower and once again was confused by this fragility different from his own.

It was just taken off, and it was not completely crushed, so that it could not continue to survive.

The youth in front of him also have similar vulnerabilities, so Yalves is always afraid that he will inadvertently hurt.

The black eye mask that Yalves used to cover his eyes was still taken by Gu Huai. Before returning this to the other party, Gu Huai suddenly became curious, and he used this strap to cover his eyes like each other. Just as casual, I made a knot behind.

The field of vision became dark in a moment. Although Gu Huai looked at things one second before, he didn't know what was there in the next second.

Compared with Yalves, who can move freely in this state, Gu Huai has directly lost most of his ability to act.

I couldn't try to walk a few steps forward. Gu Huai's waist was surrounded by a silver-gray tail.

Then Gu Huai heard the voice of Yalves: "The front is the table corner."

Gu Huai concealed and coughed twice. If he had nothing to do with the black eye mask on his face, he handed the item back to the other party.

There is also Gu Huai's residual body temperature on the eye mask, and Yalves has silently put this black tie in his hand.

He thinks that when he uses this thing in the future, he will inevitably think that this black eye mask has been used by Gu Huai.

When he was not in front of Gu Huai, Yarvis still blinded his eyes. In order to discuss the soil problems of Tuse Star, Yarvis was willing to take the initiative to convene a meeting in the conference room of the Military Building.

One day later, the fleet of the Second Legion from the Tamils ​​Star arrived as scheduled, and as the previous communication in the newsletter, the other side really only brought the lowest fleet.

"The next Kapaliya, come from your summons." The bones behind him are surging like a surrender. The female Zerg, who kneels down in front of Gu Huai, has a cold expression, and the voice seems to work hard to soften, but because Never tried and failed.

In the face of cherished things, the Tucker seems to be doing the same, as Gu Huai saw the Tucker who was born in him, and Capalia pulled her left knife in the shape of her sharp knife. Gu Huai’s place has shrunk, and the sharpness has always been offset as much as possible.

This is an instinctive act, and because of the uncontrollable power, it is more careful to treat things that are cherished.

Not to mention the high-level people on the side of Tuse, the Zerg soldiers of the Second Legion have never seen their own leader... In fact, it can be said that it is a very soft attitude, and the real cold expression of the other party is Different.

"Let's go in first." Gu Huai said, bringing the surrounding Zerg into the hall on the first floor of the mansion.

The Zerg of the two legions, including the head of the army, did not care for each other until Gu Huai went into the hall and suddenly reached out to solve the black eye mask that Yalves covered.

This move made all the Zerg in the field instantly change their expressions, but Kapalia, who was quietly behind Gu Huai, suddenly stood in front of him in less than a second, and the erect was slightly contracted.

This should be described as a protective posture compared to the state of combat.

Kapaliya apparently knows what will happen to the black eye mask once it is solved. This is not a secret. Other Zerg are also present because they understand the serious consequences of this incident. At this time, they are all tightening.

Gu Huai didn't react at all, and when he wanted to understand the reason, he slipped out behind Kapaliya, who blocked him with his bones.

Seeing that Arvis was looked at by all the Zerg around with nervous and alert eyes, Gu Huai looked at him and couldn't help but walk in the tight atmosphere to pull the other's hand.

"Your Majesty -" did not expect Gu Huai to have this action, the Chief of Staff suddenly panicked.

At this time, Gu Huai was close to Yalves, and the other Zerg around him even dared not act rashly. In this case, Gu Huai only took Yalves to start his seat.

The silver-haired worms, who were held by the young people, seemed obedient to obedience, and their eyebrows were drooping. So they did not let Gu Huai take him away.

So after watching other Zerg in this scene, the expression gradually turned from fearful fear to worry. 



Chapter 16 

The chief of staff and other high-ranking Tussells had been worried for a while, but they found that Arvis, who had been removed from the black eye mask, did not show any out of control.

The golden erects that I haven't seen again for a long time swept them, their eyes were cold, but they still maintained normal reason.

However, the inherent impression is too deep. The chief of staff does not know whether this is a moment of calm before Arvis is out of control. The safety of Gu Huai also makes him dare not let go.

"Your Majesty, you can't stay here, please let your subordinates take you away." The Chief of Staff seemed a little anxious. Among the many worms, he was the quickest response and went to Gu Huai.

Kapalia, who had already prepared for the battle, did not move at this time. Unexpected development allowed her to re-examine the situation, but her eyes continued to stare at the dangers that might arise in front of her.

Yalves has no expression, it seems that this situation is not unexpected, but he did not explain anything for himself.

Because he may indeed be in a state of rationality for a short time, although now he feels that the surrounding area is very quiet and he has no idea of ​​destroying things for a while, Yalves cannot give a guarantee that he will never lose control.

But looking at the young man who had just pulled his hand away, Arvis moved his tail at this moment.

The icy silver-gray tail gently licked Gu Huai's hand, did not make any circular movements, but slowly touched the fingers of Gu Huai.

Ever since I knew that the temperature in winter would make Gu Huai feel cold, Yalves rarely seldom let his tail touch each other.

It’s okay to get through the clothes, and it’s not possible to touch the skin directly.

Gu Huai’s fingers are warm, and the feeling of the fingers hanging by Jarvis with his tail is obviously obvious.

Gu Huai looked down at the silver-gray tail that licked his fingers, and then looked up and yelled at Yalves to gaze at his eyes.

Like a big silver cat, he said to him silently, it would be embarrassing, don't throw it away.

So at this time, Gu Huai subconsciously used his hands to hug the cold tail that was ready to retract after licking his fingers.

The feeling of holding this tail in the winter is not very friendly. It is cool and cool. Gu Huai holds it with his hand and his hand is frozen.

For example, this cold feeling is like going to the outdoor railings in the winter.

But Gu Huai was a little bit stunned at the eyes of Arvis, looking at him. In order to prevent the big cat from feeling that he would be discarded, Gu Huai had to use his actions to show that he did not have this idea.

With a glimpse, should the tail hold warmer?

"Don't leave." Gu Huai held his tail and shook his head at the chief of staff. He sat down on the fabric sofa. At this time, he also took a hand to pull a side of Yalves, who was hugged by his tail, indicating the other side. Also sit down together.

The latter sat down obediently. After Yalves sat down, Gu Huai put the silver-gray tail in his hand on his lap.

It’s a bit tired to hold hands, but in the face of a big cat who is so embarrassed in front of him, Gu Huai can’t bear to calm the other side.

The above scenes have caused a lot of impact on other Zerg around. Gu Huai does not have this consciousness. He just does not want Arvis to be watched by so many people with panic and panic.

Obviously this big cat is very embarrassing.

Thinking about it, Gu Huai comfortably touched the silver-gray tail that he had put on his lap, at least letting the other person know that he would not be afraid.

Yalves made a slight squint of expression, and his expression usually meant a dangerous gesture when he had not blinded his eyes before.

It was revealed in the battle, the militant look, the enemy who saw the other side of this expression can not live long.

However, the chief of staff who had a memory of his expression and other Zerg only saw that Yalves had slightly moved the tip of the tail that was touched by the young man, like a cat that had been touched by the hair, squinting Abnormally docile.

The tense atmosphere in the hall lasted only for a while, and was quickly dispelled in the series of mediation of Gu Huai.

After being taken off the blindfold, Yalves did not lose control and fell into a mad state. The Zerg was slowly accepting the fact that they finally let go of their own heart.

"What do you want to summon your subordinates?" Kapaliya calmly followed the past, and when she asked Gu Huai, she lowered her head and showed an attitude similar to surrender.

Because it was serious and related to the entire Zerg thing, Gu Huai immediately sat up and looked at the other side and said, "I hope that the legions can end the opposite state like the present, and the opposition of the four legions will lead to the division of the Zerg. I don't want to see this situation continue to develop."

"So... can you let your regiment not oppose Tusser again?" Gu Huai said, raising his hand and scratching his cheek, he knew that he had made a big request at the opening.

If the other party refuses to agree, Gu Huai is ready to continue persuasion.

The female Zerg who was questioned in this way was frosty, but Kapaliya said in a cold and steady voice at this time: "What you expect, you will do it."

Gu Huai didn’t react at all, and after two seconds, he knew that he would squint.

Is this so easy to solve? ?

Although Gu Huai felt before this, the Zerg of the other three legions should have a similar attitude towards him, but in the face of such unconditional behavior against him, Gu Huai will still be touched.

The speed of the matter was beyond the expectations of Gu Huai. Gu Huai thought that it took him a lot of time to unify the internal division into four zergs, but now it seems that it may be completed soon.

Gu Huai’s feelings in the Zerg and other Second Army’s Zerg are the same as the Zerg on the Thur Star, which makes Gu Huai suddenly have an idea.

He felt that... as long as he swayed in front of the Zerg of the four legions, the Zerg would soon be unified.

This sudden thought made Gu Huai silent for a second, but this seems to be the closest to reality.

"Would you like to stay in Tuse Star for a while? If you want to visit Tuse Star, I can be your guide." Although he was just familiar with the planet for a few days, Gu Huai was still laughing and bending, very active. The land raised this matter.

Subsequent interaction is very important, Gu Huai wants to make the Zerg of the two legions more familiar with contact.

"If you choose to live in Tusser, then Tusser will be the only capital star in the future. Of course, he will stay here." Kapaliya replied lowly.

This is the meaning of settlement, and the chief of staff responded quickly.

One more army leader in Tusser, the defensive power of Tuse Star will rise sharply. From the perspective of protecting Gu Huai, the high-ranking Tuse of the audience immediately recognized this matter.

"The subordinates also stay together." The second legion soldiers of the same group lit their eyes and quickly seized the opportunity.

Living on the same planet as the king, it is a worm that wants to have such an opportunity. They have to settle down when they still have a position.

Gu Huai quickly read the thoughts of these Zerg soldiers. He sat down and squinted: "Welcome to join Tusser."

The matter of the unified Zerg was going smoothly, so that one-half of the work had already been completed. The remaining two legions, Gu Huai, prepared to wait for a few days to get in touch.

So how did the two corps' Zerg get along? Gu Huai inadvertently saw such a scene -

The aborigines of Tusestar recently liked to take a recorded image of the personal terminal and watch it repeatedly, and they didn’t look tired. The second legion soldiers who joined the new Thursey star had never seen this. Video, when you see it, you can't walk.

“Can you copy this image and send it to my terminal?” The second army of the Zerg, staring at the holographic image, did not blink, his face was cold, his eyes were bright.

The aborigines of Tuse Star saw that this is not like the king like them, so it is very simple: "Yes."

The scene is filled with an atmosphere of "as long as you like Wang, then we are good friends."

Gu Huai: "..."

Fine.

This is also very good, at least he does not have to worry that the Zerg of the two legions will get along badly.

The sky is about to snow, Gu Huai stayed indoors and did not go out today. In order not to make him feel bored, Algert, the adjutant of Yalves, was thrown into the mansion by the other party to tell Gu Huai something interesting.

Alger felt that it was not easy for him to be an adjutant. He had to know everything. It was like a brick, and wherever he needed to move.

But being transferred to Gu Huai, Alger was of course very happy, and he was overjoyed. He accidentally said that he had missed something.

"The leader has a nickname, called..." Alger was rushing to say that suddenly he paused his voice, and he was so late that he wanted to let his mouth shut up, and he dared not say it anymore.

"What is it?" was appeased, Gu Huai immediately curiously asked.

Alger only hesitated for a second, on the one hand, he was seeking for life, and on the other hand, the king asked him, but on the eyes of Gu Huai, Alger’s mouth moved himself: “Cry.”

Even if someone knows this nickname, no one dares to shout.

If it wasn’t because he was too happy to be with Gu Huai, Alger would never dare to take it out. He can only pray to his own leader and don’t know about it, otherwise he will die!

After Gu Huai stayed and confirmed that he was really not mistaken, his face suddenly became a little subtle.

So cute? ?

Gu Huai thought about Yalves, this high-class Zerg like a silver big cat always looks cold, indifferent and inaccessible, height advantage and powerful force also make the opponent have full oppression when looking at others. sense.

When Gu Huai linked Yalves to the nickname "Jiujiu", Gu Huai couldn't help but bend his mouth in a subtle mood.

“Why is there such a small name?” Gu Huai felt incredible.

"Because...related to the cry of childhood..." Alger said with a heart, thinking that the difference between death and death is even worse. In the eyes of Gu Huai, he puts his own A portion of the memory is extracted into an image.

This image is displayed in front of Gu Huai in a holographic mode.

Few outsiders know that the Zerg looks like a plush animal in their early childhood.

During the cub period, the fluff of the larvae's pups has not fallen due to advancement, and it looks like a young group.

In this memory image, Gu Huai saw a Zerg cub with a silver-gray small tail in several young groups.

The velvet on the tail of the zerg cub was the earliest, but the body was still fluffy.

Dragging a silver-gray small tail, this zerg cub looks particularly cute, but the image is not dynamic, and it just happens to see the back of this cub.

If you can see the positive, Gu Huai thinks he should be able to see a pair of round golden eyes.

And Alger is preparing to explain why the nickname of his own boss is related to the call, and Yalves returned to the house.

This memory image hasn't had time to close, and Alger watched as Yalves squinted at the image and continued to approach with no expression.

Alger: On the spot, he died.



Chapter 17 

There is something that is more terrible than telling the secret of the leader but being caught. Alger feels that there is nothing.

Alger is a relatively active class in the Zerg, but this kind of activity is also very limited. He is squinting at this time, his face does not see panic, but his body is slightly stiff.

At this time, Yalves had already reached the two men. Alger tried to make himself a transparent person. He couldn't slip and could only continue to bear the tremendous pressure from the leader on the spot.

Gu Huai did not know Alger’s psychological activities. He looked at Arvis, who was approaching, and then turned his head to look at the fluffy, rounded Zerg cub on the image. The curvature of the corner of his mouth could not help but Obviously.

It’s really... the difference is too big.

If it wasn't for Alger to show him this memory image, Gu Huai couldn't imagine it. In front of him, this infuriating, tall and beautiful silver worm will be like this in the early childhood.

"It's very cute." Gu Huai said with a smile. After he said it, most men would not be happy to be praised, so he hurriedly replied. "It means that when you were young, it doesn't matter now."

In fact, now Yalves will sometimes make Gu Huai feel a little cute, which is related to the behavior of the other party, such as when the other party gave him flowers, because the movements of holding the flowers carefully look too embarrassing. So that he made this feeling.

But in this case, Gu Huai will not hide it, which is related to the male's self-respect.

However, Gu Huai did not know if it was his illusion. When he had just finished saying "It doesn't matter now," he saw that Yalves seemed to lick his lips and smashed the corner of his mouth, which was not quite curved. A flatter line.

"Cute?" Arvis looked at the image, his voice cold and low.

Gu Huai looked at the other person not like an angry look, so he nodded: "Yes, very cute."

Hearing the words of Gu Huai, Yalves’s face was slightly tight, and the indifference on his face seemed to have subtle changes that were not noticeable.

"But only see the back, there is no positive image?" Gu Huai squinted, asked Alger standing next to him.

Alger began to work hard to reduce his sense of existence from a few minutes ago, driven by the desire for survival. Now he was asked by Gu Huai, and he couldn’t answer it immediately.

In fact, there is a positive image, but this short silence of Alger was mistaken by Gu Huai as a positive meaning, so he showed a pity expression.

The zerg is a stuffed creature in the early childhood. In the growing period, the velvet will gradually fade and grow out of the hard shell of the zerg. When the adulthood is reached, the zerg above the δ class will advance to the humanoid form that retains some ethnic characteristics.

The larvae's puping period is not long, so the period in which the larvae keep the fluff is actually very precious. It may not be possible to see the cubs like the stuffed creatures in only one or two years.

The soft skin of the cubs will cover the cold and hard carapace, and the body shape will grow rapidly. It will become dangerous and terrible in other ethnic eyes.

In this way, I can see that the back of the baby's fluff is actually good, and Gu Huai quickly changed his mind.

I didn't have time to listen to Alger. Why did the name of Yalves be related to the cry of the infancy? Gu Huai looked at the parties in front of him and decided to ask the other party directly.

"Because the voice is like that." Arvis lowered his eyes and did not evade the question of Gu Huai.

Who gave this nickname to him? I don’t know if it was too far away or something else. Yalves’ memory of this matter is not clear.

Someone gave him this nickname during his childhood, or did he make this self-identification because of his own voice, and Yalves could not remember.

"Oh... this is called?" Gu Huai casually imagined how Yalves would bark in the early childhood. He suddenly couldn't look at the other side for a moment to look at his naked gold.

This contrast is a big foul.

Next to Alger, he wanted to slip away. He didn't forget that he once imitated the other party's voice in the early years of Yalves, and the other army leader who called him with this nickname was left behind. .

Alger felt that his own leader would of course not do anything to the king, but he was finished.

However, Yalves did not give his eyes to his adjutant at this time, but scorned a single tone: "Well."

In general, Zerg cubs are used to making low-pitched snoring when they call, and the sound of Arvis in his early years can be said to be very special.

"The cub period is really cute." Gu Huai couldn't stop bending his eyes.

In these few words, Gu Huai only refers to "cute" in her childhood, and Yalves hears that the expression on the cold side of the face is even more unspeakable.

The word "cute" means that it is a favorite.

The genre does not exist in the Zerg, but instead of interstellar lingua franca, Yalves can roughly understand the meaning of the word.

So the young man told him that his appearance in his childhood made him like it, but now he doesn't like him.

"Is it only cute during the cub period?" Yalves looked down at Gu Huai.

Gu Huai did not respond a little, but after a while he saw the other side coveted and asked: "Now not cute?"

Ok……?

Gu Huai stayed for a second. He looked at the silver worms in front of him and looked expressionless. When he asked this sentence, he had no emotional ups and downs. For a time, he didn’t know whether he should answer it or not.

Hesitating for a while, Gu Huai replied and replied: "Now also... cute?"

When I spoke this, Gu Huai carefully observed the expression of Yalves and prepared to change his mouth when he observed that the other party had any unhappy performance.

But after Gu Huai answered this question, he saw that Yalves would relax his mouth slightly, and the silver-gray tail behind him also slid up and down.

Seeing that Arvis is not upset, Gu Huai is relieved and finds that the other party does not mind being praised. Gu Huai does not have to worry about the time when he will accidentally blame.

"How do you feel today? When you go to the military side, do you still feel uncomfortable?" Gu Huai sat down and asked.

"It's about the same as before." In response, Arvis looked down and glanced at the **** his left wrist.

Now that Arvis is coming back to Gu Huai, he will consciously pick up the eye mask, and the black strap will be tied to the wrist after being solved.

It’s about the same, but after experiencing the feeling of being quiet, going through the noise and the irritability that needs to be suppressed, the pain becomes even more unbearable.

Gu Huai thought about it and said, "When you feel annoyed outside, think about me? Is this better?"

Although I don't know the specific principle of this appeasement, but can make Yalves relieve the pain, Gu Huai does not mind being the other party's stabilizer.

As soon as he was finished, he was stared at by a pair of light golden erects for a while. Gu Huai always felt that his reflection seemed clearer and clearer in these eyes. After a long while, he heard the other voice low and replied: it is good."

Flowers are a beautiful, but very fragile thing, and in the process of picking up a flower from Nom, Arvis got this recognition.

The flowers in my heart are blooming more and more beautifully after opening, and Yalves does not know how to reject this beauty.

This is the most beautiful and precious flower in the world. Because it is precious, Yalves does not dare to reach out and touch the petals. Can only guard the side, quietly watching the growth of this flower.

But what do you do when you really want to touch it? What can you do to not hurt the other person when you touch it, nor to be rejected or hated?

Yalves coveted the black-haired youth in the vicinity. After a moment he let himself remove his eyes and said to Alger, who was next to him, "Go with me to the study."

Alger’s expression was slightly stiff, and he always thought about coming, and nodded his head.

But the result is that Alger is daring to follow the study, but he has not been investigated for anything, but he has been thrown some things that need to be dealt with, as usual.

In the original world, Gu Huai had the habit of taking a nap, and this habit remained after coming to the world.

Did not go back to the room, Gu Huai lay down directly on the sofa in the hall, looking for a comfortable posture and ready to sleep.

"I slept for a while." Gu Huai said to the Tuckers who were around him that he closed his eyes after hearing the low response.

After Gu Huai fell asleep, two Tak worms used their sharp forearms to carefully smother the small quilt next to them, and then gently put the quilt on Gu Huai.

Gu Huai’s nap didn’t sleep very well, and I only woke up after only thirty minutes of sleep.

When I woke up, I found that I had a layer of quilt on my body. Gu Huai soon understood that it was covered by the Tak Zerg around him.

Just woke up and still sleepy, Gu Huai did not notice that this layer of quilt had a prominent bulge, and he had a weight that was not light and heavy.

Until Gu Huai awake slightly moved his leg, he looked at the quilt where the quilt began to move, and Gu Huai felt that the weight pressed on his leg began to move to his upper body.

In less than two seconds, an unidentified creature with a round golden urn was drilled out of the quilt and pressed against Gu Huai's chest.

At this time, Gu Huai just happened to be on the golden eyes of this unidentified creature, and at the same time saw the silver-gray small tail dragged behind him.

Gu Huai has been stuck for a moment, these two features are too obvious, and he just saw the relevant images not long ago.

"Hey."

Without waiting for the Huaihua reaction, the Zerg cub, who had only a silver-gray small tail, made a cry to him in the confrontation. 



Chapter 18 

This is not a holographic image.

Hearing the cry, and feeling the true weight of the body, Gu Huai confirmed this.

Gu Huai did not move for a while, and when he returned to God, his first reaction was to reach out and touch the Zerg cub who was watching him with a round squint.

This touch touched the soft fluff of the cub, and it feels quite good when touched.

When the Zerg is in its infancy, the body of the baby is soft and the body temperature of the baby is warmer than that of the adult zerg, because the body has not faded and has a cold and hard outer shell. .

"Hey."

After being touched by Gu Huai, the plush creature immediately snorted at him and then moved his body slightly down and motionless. This is what Gu Huai expressed his willingness to accept.

Although this is not a true Zerg cub, the meaning of "like" expressed in this move is the same.

The zerg sometimes gives another cub fluff during the cub period, combing the hair for the other person, which is only done for those who like and want to be close.

On the other hand, if a zerg cub is willing to accept combing, it must be because he likes each other.

This is the special significance of combing hair in the zerg.

Adulthood can't be licked like a cub, and the means of expressing good feelings becomes a touch of hair or a kiss. However, due to the lack of emotional racial nature, the probability of occurrence of these conditions is very low, which can be said to be rare.

A fluffy Zerg cub squatted and touched the body. Gu Huai didn't hold it at all. Before he thought about it, his hand had been touched on the back of the cub.

Even at the end of the touch, Gu Huai used his fingers to hook the silver-gray little tail that the Zerg cub was dragging behind him.

When he realized what he had done, Gu Huai hurriedly paused.

"Yalvis...?" Sitting up, Gu Huai put the Zerg cub in his front position and lowered his head to try to calmly look at each other.

However, when I bowed down, I was able to connect these eyes with the eyes of Arvis’s indifferent emotions. Gu Huai thought about it and even quietly bent his mouth. .

"Oh." This is the voice of the response.

The snoring sounds a little soft, after all, it is the voice of the young.

Why can't this situation be serious? Gu Huai couldn't help but even bend his eyebrows: "Why did it become like this?"

The zerg cubs in front of me are not only fluffy, the body looks a little round, the body is probably a little bigger than the rabbit, and the four short legs are invisible when they are in the body. I thought I saw a white hair ball.

Only the tail faded, and the familiar silver-gray small tail moved slightly when Gu Huai smiled.

What makes Gu Huai a little surprised is that there is a pair of small wings on the back of this cub. Although I have just seen it in the image, I still feel surprised when I see it.

These wings should become like the tail with the icy surface of the silver wings after the hair is faded. The position that Yalves retains in the humanoid form as a racial feature is the tail, so Gu Huai never knew that the other party still had this. Body parts.

After asking the question, Gu Huai thinks that the other side can't answer him now. He can know that Yalves should use his power to change himself back to the cub form, but he doesn't know why the other party is doing this.

At this time, Gu Huai was sitting on the sofa in a somewhat lazy posture. He looked at the zerg cub with his light golden gimmick and looked at him suddenly.

"Yes...because I said cute?" Gu Huai did not consciously slow down the sound.

"Hey."

The little wings on the back fluttered. The sleek, light golden erect of the zerg cub is like a clean and beautiful gem. It doesn't need any sanding, and it is already very pure.

Hearing a positive response, Gu Huai’s slight glimpse, at this moment very sudden, he is inevitably touched by this straightforward. So he couldn't help but hug the round stuffed creature in front of him, then reached out to touch his wings and touch his tail.

"You are very cute." Gu Huai raised this zerg larvae who did not struggle at all, and was very honest and heartfelt to praise each other.

It is already known that Yalves does not mind being praised with this adjective. Gu Huai added a sentence later: "It is as cute as usual."

Who would think that a big cat with a superficially arrogant, real but very obedient is not cute?

When Gu Huai said the second sentence, the zerg cub that was raised by him was already very round and light, and the golden eyes suddenly became like a glass ball. The silver-gray small tail behind him was unconscious. move.

After Gu Huai finished speaking, he was facing the eyes of the cub, because the appearance of the cub at this time was too deceptive. Gu Huai did not think too much at the moment, and he did not think about it in this zerg young. The fluffy forehead kissed the pro.

And Gu Huai, the pro, let the zerg cub that he was holding was unconsciously swaying the silver-gray small tail, and the light golden scorpion suddenly shrank. After one second, the cub was from Gu Huai. It disappeared out of nowhere.

This is a space transfer, and the transfer location is one of the familiar places when the power user has not thought about it at all.

It was in the conference room of the military department, and Yalves had changed back to adulthood while carrying out space transfer.

"First... the leader?" I don't know how the boss of the house suddenly sent it. The top of the Tuse, who is holding the meeting in the conference room, is a bit confused.

However, after the question was just asked, the high-ranking Tuse of the audience was completely stunned, because they found that the state of Yalves was a bit strange.

The expression of Yalves seems to be still indifferent, and the light golden erect does not contain emotions, making it difficult to interpret his true feelings.

However, from the side of the face, it can be seen that it is slightly tight, and the corner of the mouth is slightly sloppy. In the slender neck that is not blocked by the military uniform collar, it seems that there is a slight reddish color that slowly climbs the skin of the other person's skin.

However, this strange state did not last long. In the eyes of the high-ranking figures of the Tussells, Yalves was only silently silent for a few seconds with the look that made them invisible, and soon returned to the real face. Expressionless look.

After the recovery, the other party left another voice, and the seven high-ranking Tusser high-ranking people who had been beaten and disconnected were in the conference room and couldn’t figure it out.

After leaving the conference room, Arvis actually went back to the mansion, but because of some emotion that he did not understand, he concealed his figure back this time.

Yalves didn't know why he suddenly moved away with space. He didn't want to leave Gu Huai, but suddenly some kind of emotion made him feel that he could not stay in the same place.

However, after he left, he wanted to go back. He still wanted to see Gu Huai, but he suddenly did not dare to appear in the bright future, so he could only secretly do this.

When Yalves wants to hide his body shape, no one can find him.

In the hall on the first floor of the mansion, Gu Huai still maintains a position similar to that before Yalves left. To say that there has been any change, that is, he has moved the small quilt that was still half-sliding to the side.

Gu Huai sat on the sofa, and the surrounding Tak Zerg were watching him. He faced these Tak zergs and caught his hair in his thoughts.

Gu Huai is thinking, is it because he just kissed the fluffy forehead and made the other party feel offended, so the other party got angry and left?

Because of the face of a fluffy cub, Gu Huai did not have any psychological burdens and concerns when he went to his forehead. Now when I think about it, he feels that he seems to have done something too much...

Gu Huai does not feel embarrassed, but he does not know what Yalves thinks, to say anger, the reaction before the other party seems to be not angry.

"Shy...?" Gu Huai thought of the silver-gray little tail that suddenly stopped moving, and inexplicably came up with this idea.

It seems more reasonable to find this idea. Gu Huai did not hold back and said: "So cute?"

Arvis, who had concealed his figure and returned to the mansion, just heard the young man sitting on the sofa say these two words. He stood silently in the shadow and stared at him in the corner where Gu Huai could not see.

Yalves remained in this state for the rest of the day, and after Gu Huai fell asleep at night, he quietly walked out from the black shadow.

The Tucker sects who care for Gu Huai are not wary of the appearance of Yalves. The tall silver worms approached the bed and looked down at the young people who fell asleep.

Yalves touched the position where he had been kissed before his forehead with his slender fingers. His eyes patrolled Gu Huai and finally stopped in Gu Huai.

Kissing is a means of expressing good feelings. For the first time, Yalves has the idea of ​​making this move, but he still remembers that he can't touch precious things at will, so he finally chose Gu Huai's fingers.

It may not be considered a kiss, because Yalves only gently rubbed his lips on Gu Huai's tail fingers.

Like a snowflake, in order to fall on the person you like, don't let the other person feel cold. Try to let yourself only gently rub it, don't land it completely on the other side. 



Chapter 19 

The situation in which Gu Huai did not see Yalves continued for a day. After he woke up, the other party appeared next to him as usual.

After two days of observation, Gu Huai felt that the two legions of the Zerg on the Tuse Star were peaceful and friendly, and there was no rejection between them. They accepted each other faster than he thought.

Thinking about this matter, Gu Huai decided to go to the military building.

"Hold." Out of the gate of the mansion, Gu Huai turned back and opened his hand to the Tucker who followed him.

It’s not that Gu Huai is too lazy to walk, but he finds that these Tuckers especially like to let him sit on his shoulders and carry him to see the world, so he did it.

These Tucker zergs now understand that when Gu Huai sang the syllables of their hands, they wanted them to be on their shoulders.

So the head of the Tak zerg slightly lowered its body, and the sharp forearm extended the young man standing close to him and put it on his left shoulder.

Carrying Gu Huai, this tall, horrible shape of the Tucker screams from the throat, the cold scarlet eyes seem to have a little light, which is obviously happy.

The military building and the house of Yalves are not far away, and Gu Huai was carried by the Tucker.

On the road, Gu Huai looked at the sky and said to the Tak Zerg who carried him: "When it snows, let's go out and see the snow."

The snow has not fallen, and the sky has been brewing for several days.

The Tuckers who lived on the abandoned planet did not experience snowing days, but they did not know that it was "snow."

The winter of the abandoned planet is much colder than the Tuse star. When the guardian cubs are still not broken, every Tak worm will go outside to find some huge and soft leaves in the winter.

Then bring the leaves back into the cave and gently cover the big white egg that is lying quietly.

They don't feel cold, but they instinctively worry that the cubs that are still bred in the eggshell will be frozen.

Although I don’t know what snow is, I’m listening to Huai’s saying that these Tuckers are still responding.

"The time to pile up a snowman like Karoo." Gu Huai said that he patted the shoulder of the Tektronix who was carrying him, and his face was slightly smiling.

The Tak zerg, who heard his name, shrank slightly and thought it was the call of the cub, so it continued to make a clearer squeak from the throat, avoiding Gu Huai thinking that it did not hear.

The military building has a total of seventeenth floors, the conference room is on the sixteenth floor, and the top floor is the private office of Yalves, but most of the work is thrown to the chief of staff, Yalves basically does not get in and out of this office. That's it.

The second time I walked into this towering white giant building, Gu Huai’s entry into the military building was noticed by a group of higher Zerg.

All the Zerg stopped their work on hand, and some even left the post and followed him, the more they followed.

When he was in the elevator, he looked helplessly at a group of high-ranking Zerg who wanted to squeeze into the elevator and looked at him outside the elevator door.

Despite the large space of this direct elevator, the Tak Zerg around Gu Huai still occupied the position, so this scene was given.

Gu Huailai’s military department is to talk to Yalves and other senior officials that he wants to contact the other two legions now. Because of the highest authority, Gu Huai has unimpededly went to the conference room.

As soon as he entered the conference room, Gu Huai first saw the expression of the chief of staff and other high-rises, and then he was stunned by the contents of the virtual screen suspended at the conference table.

[The tenth StarCraft's Cutest Bio-Selection]

This seems to be a voting page, and Gu Huai has seen his name in the current second position, followed by a long string of votes.

Gu Huai: "..."

The arrival of Gu Huai was immediately noticed by the Zerg in the conference room. Not only the high-levels of Yalves and Tuse, but also Kapaliya and several of her confidants were here. They looked at them for the first time. Put it on Gu Huai.

"Your Majesty, how come you came?" the Chief of Staff asked, and quickly placed a seat next to the main seat of Yalves alone, so that Gu Huai had a seat to sit.

Although Gu Huai is the new owner of Tussex, the troubles of the planet affairs, the chief of staff will not let Gu Huai worry.

"Come to tell you, I am going to contact the other two legions..." Gu Huai said, his eyes still couldn’t stop moving to the virtual screen on the conference table, especially watching his votes continue to grow, Gu Huai’s The expression is getting more and more subtle.

Before that, the Chief of Staff definitely hoped that Gu Huai would contact him later. On the other hand, he did not want the Zerg of other legions to take care of Gu Huai. On the other hand, they did not know that the Zerg of other legions would do after knowing the existence of Wang. What is going on?

However, after reading the attitude of the Second Army to Gu Huai, and the ongoing vote, the Chief of Staff said very decisively at this time: "Subordinates will follow your wishes."

From the very beginning, Yalves had let Gu Huai do whatever he wanted to do. At this time, he did not speak. At the same time, Kapaliya, who was the head of the Second Army, said to Gu Huai at the moment: "The subordinate is putting The Elite Forces transferred to Thur Star and will arrive in about a day. You don't have to worry about anything."

In the beginning, to express sincerity, Kapalia only brought the lowest-level fleet. Now the top figures of Tusestar have already trusted her attitude towards Gu Huai, naturally they don’t mind that Kapaliya will adjust the elite troops. Come to Tusser.

The more defensive forces used to protect the king, the better they will protect Gu Huai in the safest place.

What Kapalia said in this sentence is that even if there are rebels in the other two legions, they can suppress it, so what Gu Hua wants to do.

To establish a spiritual link to two different distant planets at the same time, Gu Huai is now able to do this, but before establishing the link, Gu Huai really wants to understand one thing first.

“What is this?” Gu Huai pointed to the virtual screen on the conference table.

The chief of staff pushed his glasses and replied: "It is a selection of an association affiliated to the Star Alliance on the Star Online. I heard that the results of the selection are highly recognized in the interstellar."

For the first place to be voted out in this selection, the merchants of all races in the Stars will be happy to introduce various types of peripherals related to it. It turns out that the sales volume is indeed very good.

Due to the biodiversity in the interstellar space, this voting option is set to be self-addable. Other options are available for others to add. The option of “Gu Huai” is added by a Zerg.

"..." Gu Huai was silent for two seconds. He seriously read the title of the selection again, and took a look at his name hanging high in the second place. He didn't even know what to say.

"Every star network account can vote once a day. Now the first place is always when we push you to the first place. After a while, we will go back and go back. It’s just about discussing this with other people. When it came to this, the chief of the staff, Leng Su, frowned slightly, and he was obviously not satisfied with the result.

The most lovely creature in the interstellar, of course, is their king.

When Gu Huai didn't come in the conference room, the tops of the Tusser sitting around the conference table almost didn't stare the virtual screen through a hole.

What creature is "Pach"?

Why can you overtake the votes of their king so many times?

The Zerg of the two legions voted these days, but the number of votes was repeatedly overtaken, which made the Zerg soldiers of the two legions even start to think about it - whether they would call this creature called "Pachi" in the interstellar They are extinct, and their king is not the most lovely.

With such thoughts, these Zerg soldiers did not feel that there was anything wrong with the robber logic of their own, and even seriously considered the feasibility.

The soldiers of the First Army and the Second Army of the Zerg are not happy, but at this time, the number of Pach fans and the melons in the interstellar are also very aggressive.

What kind of biological species is “Gu Huai”, and they have never heard of it? ?

As the most popular domestic pet in the interstellar family, Pach has won three consecutive championships, and he has won several overwhelming votes.

As a result, this time I suddenly encountered such a difficult situation, a first-place unprotected, forced the fans to vote every day, which made the position stable.

For Gu Huai as a party, he was aphasia after listening to the chief of staff's answer.

No... Why do you have to seriously discuss this kind of thing in the conference room of the military? ?

"In fact, you don't have to care about this vote, I..." Gu Huaigang wanted to euphemistically express his interest in the first place in the selection, but he did not finish it. He saw the chief of staff suddenly lifted his head.

"No." The chief of staff's expression was even more ruthless. For the first time, he showed a firm attitude in front of Gu Huai.

Not only the chief of staff, Gu Huai looked at the other serious sects of the same high-level Zerg, he silently, and finally reluctantly decided to let the Zerg of his two legions to do this.

"I am contacting the other two legions." Gu Huai reluctantly let his eyes move away from the selection page. He closed his eyes and let himself immerse himself in the spiritual realm. He quickly found out the other two in the field. Conspicuous bright spots.

Select, confirm - establish a link.

At this time, in the two planets with huge environmental differences, the masters of the two planets almost simultaneously reacted to shrink the pupil.

In this one-way spiritual link, Gu Huai used the opening remarks that were similar to the last one. It also expressed the meaning of wanting to meet, and asked if the other party would like to come to Tusser.

The reaction between the two is exactly the same as that of the previous Kapaliya. It is the next second to send a communication request directly to Tusser.

In the communication that was connected, Gu Huai saw two higher Zerg with a large image gap.

One is almost as big as the Tak Zerg around Gu Huai, and his body is covered with hard outer armor, looks a bit ferocious.

The other figure was normal, and his appearance was cold and beautiful. The other person wore a white robes with a complicated style. At this time, his eyes were cold and his expression was quiet.

"Would you like to come over to see me?" Gu Huai asked.

The large zerg in the communication image showed his loyalty to Gu Huai almost immediately. The leader of the army did not hesitate to hang his head down on Gu Huai, saying in a sinking voice: "Sindo, obey your orders." ""

The Zerg group of Zerg is more average than other Zerg, but Simodo believes that they are not loyal to the king, they will not lose to any other group.

Their ethnic group has the ability to consume vitality in exchange for terrorist outbreaks, and is the only group that can use self-destruction as a means of killing the enemy, and if it is to protect the king, they will not blame their own lives.

It can be said that the Zerg of the Kazakh group usually looks unremarkable, but once someone threatens Gu Huai, they will be as crazy as the Tak Zerg who entered the violent state.

"Follow your will." In another communication video, a calm and cold voice was subsequently conveyed.

The master of the voice also has a golden erect representing the class, but the golden eyes of these eyes are extraordinarily pale, and the things reflected in the eyes of the other seem to be illusory.

And at least when watching Gu Huai, the illusory things in these eyes become close to reality.

The four corps of the Zerg belong to different ethnic groups. Ai, who is the head of the Third Army, was born in the Isadoro community.

The Zerg, born in the Isadoro community, is so powerful that soldiers of this ethnic group are better at using their abilities to destroy enemies than melee attacks, and Ay's special talents are foreseen.

This predictive ability allowed Ai to always see the future after a second or two, so his eyes did not look at reality.

But in the face of Gu Huai, he hopes to see the reality.

Also at the moment of seeing, Ai understood what the premonition dream that once made him incomprehensible represented.

In addition to the very short-term predictions, Ai sometimes sees a distant future through dreams, and he once dreamed of a scene related to Gu Huai.

At that time, he could not see Gu Huai's face in his dreams. Now, Ai has supplemented the image of the youth in his dreams.

As long as it is a Zerg, no matter which ethnic group or which legion it belongs to, it will definitely love the king. Looking at the four legions that are about to be unified because of the emergence of Gu Huai, the chief of staff and several other tops of Tuse Realize and recognize this.

In this case--

The chief of staff pushed the glasses and sent the voting page to the two heads of the army.

The two legions voted not to vote, and the four legions could not vote together?

Gu Huai, who is watching this scene: "..."

It is clearly such a serious picture of ethnic unity, why the painting style is abrupt.

Gu Huai once again fell silent, and about ten minutes later, the StarCraft people who watched this annual selection event were stunned and watched the number of votes in the second place suddenly began to skyrocket. After a while, they surpassed the first place, directly to almost Doubled the number of votes to the top.

Eat melons: "?"

Pach fans: "???"

How does this make them fight?

Looking at the competitors suddenly doubled the number of votes, the Archie fans in the Stars are speechless.

Then the result was settled.

[The 10th StarCraft's Cutest Bio-Selection]

First place: Gu Huai

Second place: Pach

Third place: Ellisron

......

......

So who will tell them, what kind of creature is "Gu Huai"? ? ?

At this time when the Zerg was born, the various ethnic groups in the Stars had already remembered the name of Gu Huai.




Chapter 20 

When I know that my votes are far ahead of the "Stars Most Lovely Creatures" selection, Gu Huai's mood can be described by an ellipsis.

In the state of aphasia, Gu Huai accepted this fact without words.

After all, he couldn't stop the Zerg of his four regiments from voting for him, because Gu Huai saw these Zerg when he voted for him, and his eyes were bright with tiny stars.

Gu Huai thinks that if they forget, they like to vote.

Shangxing.com took a look. In fact, Gu Huai felt that the "Pach" who was pushed to the second place by him was really cute.

Like a short-legged cat with three squirrel tails, when walking with four small short legs, the three fluffy big tails behind them sway like a small fan.

Especially when I have three big tails, I will look at you with round amber eyes, which looks particularly lovable.

Carrying the Zerg of his four regiments, Gu Huai even secretly voted for Paqi, but his vote had no effect on the result.

And the merchants who are already preparing to use the selection as the trend in StarCraft are now worrying about it. They searched the information on the star network and turned the StarCraft Encyclopedia out. I don’t know the number of this year’s selection. One is a species that lives on which planet.

No one knows on the star network, how is the number of votes cast out? ? People who pay attention to this rating are all confused.

It is impossible to say that it is impossible to brush the ticket. The voting star network account must be bound to the personal terminal, so the number of votes must be true.

Hell, this is -!

At this time, the interstellar people who are full of doubts even want to break their heads, the nearly 20 billion votes of the first place will be cast out by the four corps of the Zerg.

When they later knew the truth, they could only be speechless about this matter.

The third legion of the Zerg and the capital of the Fourth Army and Tusser are also separated by a considerable distance. Gu Huai is waiting for the arrival of the other two regiments in Tuse.

While he was waiting, Tuse Star's deep, quiet blue sky landed the first snow after he came to the planet.

"It’s finally snowing." Through the window, Gu Huai looked at the snow falling slowly outside.

Before Gu Huai said to the Tucker worms around me, when it was snowing, they went out to watch the snow and the snowman together. Now, just wait for the snow outside to be a little thicker, and the snowman can do it.

Sitting by the window, Gu Huai played a marble-sized light golden glass ball in his hand and played it for a while and stuffed it back into his pocket.

This glass ball was given to him by Arvis. On the day of contacting the other two legions, Gu Huai saw the glass ball in the black crystal box on the table of the military conference room.

Because I felt that this glass ball was very similar to the eyes of Yalves in the early childhood, Gu Huai looked at it more and more, and the ball came to him.

This glass ball is beautiful in color, Gu Huai likes it, so I always take it in my hand.

And Gu Huai found that every time he played the glass ball, the Tektrones around him always stared at him with slightly shrinking scarlet eyes, just like watching him play this glass ball... ...

In fact, this is because in the eyes of these Tucker worms, the glass ball held by Gu Huai is his toy ball. When Gu Huai played the glass ball, it was the cub in the eyes of these Tucker worms. Playing with toys, so they especially like to watch.

The snow has not yet piled up on the ground, and the snow is small. Gu Huai went to the courtyard with the Tucker worms around him and Yalves, who just stayed at the mansion.

Just out of the air, Gu Huai’s head was shrouded in a huge shadow. A Tak Zerg who followed him out blocked him under his huge body, and his scarlet eyes stared at the snow falling from the sky.

"It doesn't matter, don't stop." Reacting to the Tak Zerg, he wanted to block the snow. Gu Huai approached and patted the other's sharp forearm, and then walked out from the shadow of his cover.

"This is snow, but now it is not much. We may have to build a snowman tomorrow." Gu Huai pointed to a piece of snow falling on the forearm of the Tak.

The Tak worm, pointed by Gu Huai, smashed his head and lifted it up with a sharp forearm carrying a small snowflake, staring at him with a mullion.

Because the body of this Tektrona has no temperature and is cold, the snow falling on the forearm of the other side does not melt.

This Tak worm remembers that Gu Huai put a flower on the window sill of the room and thought that Gu Huai liked flowers, so the Tak worms used scarlet eyes to stare at the snowflakes falling on their forearms for a while, suddenly putting their own The sharp forearm moved to Gu Huai.

Gu Huai squinted, he thought for two seconds, and wanted to understand that the Tak zerg wanted to give this snowflake to him.

Gu Huai did not speak, he reached out to pick up the snow, gathered it in the palm of his hand, and pretended to be put into his own pocket.

Actually, due to his body temperature, this snowflake quickly melted away, but Gu Huai felt that he still received the gift.

Seeing that Gu Huai put the snowflake into the pocket of his clothes, the Tak worm in front of him suddenly made a low voice, and the sound lasted for five or six seconds. This is a very happy performance.

"Snowflake can also be regarded as a kind of flower. When it snows, you can see flowers in Tuse Star." Gu Huai said to Arvis standing next to him.

After the words were finished, Gu Huai saw that the other party seemed to want to say something, but eventually he dropped his eyes and said nothing.

Already discussed with other senior staff about the soil of Tussex, but there is no obvious progress for the time being, so Yalves does not want to say it now.

"Give it to you." After learning what the Tak worm had just done, Gu Huai also reached out to catch a piece of snow, and then placed the icy pure white snow in the palm of the silver worm.

Although the higher Zerg's body temperature is low and cool, after all, he still has the temperature. Arvis looks at the snow in his hand and gradually melts into water droplets. He silently pouts his lips.

Seeing the other side has been gazing at the water droplets in the palm of his hand, Gu Huai suddenly had a guilty feeling of bullying this big cat, he did not expect that Yalves would be so serious.

"It’s not necessary to turn into water droplets." Gu Huai coughed twice. He reached out and wiped away the water droplets in the palm of his hand. Then he gave a promise. "If you go to another planet, I will send you another one." Flowers that won't melt."

The palm of the hand briefly touched the body temperature of the young man next to him, and Yalves responded with a cold voice to a word: "Okay."

It’s so easy to get better.

Gu Huai looked at Yalves's face. I really thought that this silver big cat was a bit too clever to obey. Although it seems to be just in front of him, it is really flattering.

It takes a while for the snow on the ground to accumulate to the thickness of the snowman. After walking in the courtyard, Gu Huai will return to the room.

"If there is a scarf, it will be much better." Gu Huai whispered on the sofa, and he touched the neck that he was blown by the cold wind, and suddenly missed the earth product of the scarf.

At this time, Kapaliya just came with her adjutant, and Gu Hua looked up.

"That's the first time to leave." Looking down at this sentence, another female Zerg who came to the mansion with Kapaliya immediately turned and left.

Gu Huai looked at the latter and hurriedly went and hurried. When he couldn't see the other person's figure, Gu Huai hesitated for a second. He still asked Kapaliya who came to him: "Lisa is... hate me? ?"

It’s not because the other party just left the foot and left the matter immediately, but Gu Huai discovered these days that the female Zerg was looking at other people’s faces, and every time he went to him. The face will be completely cold in front of you.

This makes Gu Huai have to generate the idea of ​​whether the other party hates him.

When I heard Gu Huai’s words, Kapaliya had a rare surprise, but this subtle change in expression was not obvious on her frosty face. She bowed her head and said, “This kind of thing is impossible.”

If you hate it, you won’t leave the prisoner in the prison before you go to the house to see the young man sitting on the sofa.

Originally, the captives of Tuse Star were not interrogated by Kapariya's adjutant, but their two legions were now merged. Lisa was good at intercepting intelligence, so she went to help deal with this matter.

Leaving from the mansion, Lisa did not go to the prison where Tusi Star was imprisoned, but went to a small house guarded by more than a dozen Zerg soldiers.

Seeing this smile is shallow, the expression can even be called a gentle and moving female zerg into the house, the body of the two human generals held in this room is instantly tightened, and the heart sinks.

Come again -

What are you doing this time? ?

This is not the first time that Shem and Hammer saw the female Zerg, but every time they saw it, they had to immediately make themselves one hundred twenty thousand points of vigilance. Because once they are lax, they will really get the information that should not be said by the other party.

The female Zerg in front of them is not like a Zerg. The expressions and emotions of the other side are really confusing, and they are completely different from the ruthless performance of the Zerg.

This is a kind of disguise, but it is so hard to see through, so it makes them feel creepy.

"What is the scarf, do you know?" Lisa smiled and asked them in front of the two human guards who were vigilant.

The two human generals stunned, and the vigilance that was finally built up was broken up again. When they reacted, they quickly let themselves re-guard.

Speaking of recent encounters, Shen Mu and Hamer felt that there were probably no more unlucky people in the interstellar.

Their fleet did not have to be close to the Zerg territory. It was the unfortunate black sand star thief gang in the neighboring galaxy. The two became the captives of these star thieves.

Originally, when the captives of the Star Thieves were taken, Shen Mu and Hamer felt that they were a big death. As a result, the black sand star had not known **** the Zerg’s tigers before they were captured. Later, it was hit by the Zerg of the Zerba, and then it was retribution.

The Zerg fleet did not destroy them all, but left some living as prisoners. They were both confused and captured by the Zerg, and one of the Zerg’s base camps was held in jail, and the captives of the Star Thief became captives of the Zerg.

Listening to their encounters, it is simply a sad person who sees tears.

However, in the more than half a month after the closure of the Tusser prison, the two human generals found that the Zerg was really shutting them down, and they did not know whether they had forgotten them or not. They did not send people to interrogate.

So Shen Mu and Hamer ate a calm meal for more than half a month in Tuse Star, and three days ago, they were transferred from prison to a comfortable cozy house, and their Zerg was finally coming. .

But it is interrogation. The questions that Shen Mu and Hamer heard in recent days have made them feel that they have problems with their ears.

On the first day, the other person asked if they knew what the nutritional recipe was.

The next day, the other person asked them how humans generally loved their children.

The other party did not come on the third day.

Waiting until today, the other person asked if they knew what the scarf was -

Is this a strategy to let them relax their vigilance? ?

The two human generals simply did not dare to relax. At this time, Shen Mu calmed down and replied: "It is a kind of textile used to surround the neck, which can play a warm role. You can search it on the star network."

"Thank you." Lisa thanked her with a polite smile, and then she opened her own personal terminal and searched on the star network.

Soon after searching for the desired content, Lisa radiated a silver thread from the fingertips under the gaze of two human generals.

"-!" Two humans will look at the eyes, they know what this silk thread is.

In front of the female Zerg, Shen Mu and Hamer are actually known, and the other is the adjutant of the leader of the Zerg Second Army.

Why did the apostle of the leader of the Zerg Second Army appear in the capital of the First Legion, Xing Tusi, and Shen Mu and Hamer did not know why? It is said that the two Legions of the Zerg are united together. They have not been there for a few days. This guess.

But even if it is true, they can't communicate this information back to Earth now.

The silver thread that radiates from the other's fingers is a poisonous silk containing neurotoxins, and the toxins are terrible. As long as some part of their body is tied with these poisonous wires for more than three seconds, the mobility is completely lost. After a while, the heartbeat will stop.

Don't look at the gentle smile of this female Zerg, Shen Mu and Hamer know that this smile is just the other party's imitation camouflage. It is to make the prey relax and vigilant to laugh like this. Actually, the other party is as cold as no other Zerg. .

Since the other party uses the poisonous silk in front of them, it should be that they have no use value, and now they are going to kill them.

Looking at this scene with enthusiasm, the two human generals have already prepared for the country.

"Kacha-"

The wooden table next to them was smashed by the female zerg in front of them, and the two humans took a glimpse of them, watching the other person cut the fallen wood into two pointed sticks.

Then the female Zerg wrapped a few silver knots on the two sticks with silver threads that contained terrible toxins in their eyes, and then sat in front of them, using these two sticks...

Weaving...

Weaving a scarf? ?

The reality in front of the two people led the two human leaders to the same place, and suddenly they began to doubt life in this moment.



Chapter 21 

A female zerg with a body that looks like a small weapon and is as slim as an ordinary human female sits on a sofa chair next to it and holds two ready-made woven sticks in a woven scarf and is held in this small room. The two human generals in the room can only watch while they are skeptical about life.

Although the female Zerg, who started to sit down and weaves a scarf, seems to be unprepared for the two living human beings, even if the house is not guarded outside, the two human generals will not dare to act rashly.

If it is in human society, the perception that women are usually weak is not wrong. This is innately determined. Human beings are generally not physically strong without physical exercise.

But in the Zerg, this cognition is not true.

For example, the head of the Zerg Second Army is a woman, and the opponent's combat ability is enough to make the soldiers of any race in the interstellar fear.

The picture of the woven scarf looked at it for a few hours, and the two human generals gradually tightened from the nerves to the relatively silent.

Are they really in captivity in the Zerg camp? Shen Mu and Hamer can't help but raise this question in their hearts.

Probably at this time, the female zerg in front of them suddenly stopped the action on hand.

At this time, Wang should be ready to eat.

Lisa looked up and looked at the two human captives next to her. She stood up for a second and smiled at the two men and said, "I will chat with you next time, and I have no time today."

Originally, Lisa was actually interrogating the two men today. Why did the human fleet approach the nearby galaxies of Tuse Star?

Although the human fleet was bad luck and met the Star Pirates, the original purpose was worth exploring.

Just when I came in this room, Lisa suddenly thought that her king seemed to want something like a "scarf." She didn't know what it was, so she asked about the two humans she saw.

It is much more important to weave a scarf than to interrogate the captives. Lisa thinks about the young man who wants to stay in the mansion. The expression is half cold in the blink of an eye, but when she looks at the two humans in front of her, she regains her smile: "Yes. The nutritional recipes you provided before are very good, thank you very much."

According to the food made from the nutritional recipe, Gu Huai likes to eat.

With this in mind, Lisa intends to confirm that the two humans have no bad intentions in the interrogation behind, and she will consider going to the chief of staff of Tusestar to say that they can put people down.

"...you are welcome." The two humans were silent and barely squeezed out the answer.

God knows why these two humans have such a dialogue with a Zerg, is it that they have not dreamed of dreaming, or is this universe changed?

Waiting for the female Zerg to leave with a scarf that was woven part of it, the two human generals were relieved.

I don't know what the other person wants to do with a poisonous silk scarf. This kind of poisonous silk containing neurotoxins is only very hard to be wrapped around the body.

The other party now wants to woven these silver threads into a scarf... The two are a little afraid to imagine that the person wearing the scarf, I am afraid that there will be no chance of struggling for a second, and the body will die stiffly.

Leaving from the hut, Lisa first put the unwoven scarf and then rushed to the vast private residence not far from the military.

Gu Huai’s dinner was arranged at this time, and his table was still thundering with a cup of milk, and Gu Huai was now able to drink milk under the coffin of a group of Zerg.

After eating the dinner, there will be a dessert after dinner. Gu Huai looked at the female zerg, who usually followed Kapelia, and gave him a pudding. He wanted to ask the other person why he saw him. The idea of ​​cold face suddenly became a bit stronger.

However, Gu Huai opened Zhangkou, considering that there are too many Zerg around him now, and decided to wait for a chance to chat alone.

If there is any dissatisfaction with him, Gu Huai wants to know the reason, otherwise he does not know whether he has done something wrong by inadvertently leading to this result.

Because of thinking about things, Gu Huai’s eyes on Lisa accidentally stopped for a few more seconds, and then he saw that the expression of the female Zerg was getting colder and colder as he watched.

This discovery made Gu Huai quickly remove his eyes, so it is indeed wrong for him to stare at people.

When he removed his gaze, his expression was relieved.

Gu Huai did not find a chance to talk to him alone this night. He sighed and thought that he had to find another opportunity tomorrow.

In the place where Gu Huai could not see, he mistakenly thought that he hated his female Zerg to return to his resting room and opened the room light. Lisa sat on the bed and began to weave the scarf that had not been woven this afternoon.

In fact, unlike the two human captives, these silver threads used to weave scarves on Lisa's hands are not poisonous.

The poisonous silk containing neurotoxins is needed to deal with the enemy. According to their own ideas, Lisa can also make ordinary silk without toxins.

But this ordinary silver thread was made for the first time because it was never used before.

How to make this scarf more beautiful...

After all, I was not familiar with the work of weaving scarves. After studying the tutorial on the Star Online, Lisa spent a night knitting.

The next morning, when Gu Huai woke up from the room to the first floor, he just saw the female Zerg who wanted to talk to him yesterday and stood alone at the table.

Gu Huaigang walked down the last stairway and didn't wait for him to walk towards the other side. He saw the female zerg with amber erects coming to him one step at a time.

Handing the items in his hand to Gu Huai, Lisa hesitated a little under the cold expression: "Your subordinates heard you say that I want a scarf yesterday. I don't know if you said 'scarf' is this thing?"

Seeing this silver-white scarf in front of him, Gu Huai did not immediately respond, and during his swearing, the scarf was steadily presented by the female Zerg in front of him.

This scarf is obviously hand-woven, Gu Huai looked at the female Zerg who seemed to be waiting for his reaction, and suddenly realized that the scarf should be woven by the other party.

"Is it for me?" Gu Huai asked.

"Yes." Lisa nodded, then slowly lowered her head and added, "Because it was the first time, this scarf is simpler and may not be good enough... If you don't like it, subordinate exercises. I will weave another one in a few days."

Gu Huai immediately shook his head and quickly reached out and took the scarf over and said, "This is a good one, I like it very much."

When Gu Huai said that he liked this scarf very much, about a second or two later, he saw a smile on the cold face of the female Zerg in front of him.

Looking at the smile on the other side's face, Gu Huai couldn't help but ask: "Why didn't you laugh when you came to me before?"

Send him a scarf, then it is not annoying him, this is Gua Huai can be sure. But when the other party saw him, he was cold-faced, and Gu Huai still couldn’t understand it.

It seems that I didn't think that Gu Huai would ask this question. Lisa frowned. "You can't face you with that fake expression."

Lisa will laugh when necessary.

Most of the appearances of the higher Zerg are very good-looking, so some of the enemies who will be impressed by this appearance will be worthy of their advantage.

Expressions, even emotions, can be expressed through imitation and can make the enemy believe it.

Lisa is the leader among this kind of Zerg. When she faces Gu Huai, she only wants to use her true side.

Gu Hua spent a few seconds trying to understand what the other person said. He blinked and bent his eyes and said, "You are laughing now."

Hearing that Gu Huai said this, Lisa obviously stunned. She hurriedly raised her hand to touch her mouth and found that there was a slight curvature in the upper side.

This is not the kind of laugh she used to imitate. Lisa is very strange to this kind of smile. This expression seems to be completely out of her control. Even if she wants to suppress the curvature of her mouth, she can't do it inexplicably.

This is the expression that is naturally revealed by joy.

"This kind of laugh is not a false expression that you said, so it doesn't matter if you laugh like this." Gu Huai now understands what the other person thinks, and he quickly speaks and appease.

Lisa heard the words hesitating to let go, for her, this is the first real smile.

After a day, the snow in the courtyard was already thick enough.

Gu Huai received a new scarf and was not willing to wear it immediately. He took the Tektronix around him to the outside of the mansion and widened it into a courtyard covering a whole grove. He was ready to fulfill his promise to build a snowman with these Tucker worms.

"This is Karu." Inlaid with two blood-red gems as the eyes of the snowman, Gu Huai pointed at the snowman he had just piled up, and looked up at the Tucker who was staring at him with scarlet eyes next to him. .

In fact, this snowman is not like this Tak worm, it may only be like the eyes, but the Tak zerg who heard his name did not care so much, and soon sent a low humming response from the throat.

The other Tak worms around Gu Huai used the scarlet mullion to stare at the snowman, and they made a lower voice to Gu Huai.

"Give you a pile now, and immediately pile up the second one." Gu Huai is preparing to plant a snowman for each Tak zerg. When he says this, Gu Huai goes a step further and kneels down to touch. Snow on the ground.

Probably at this time, there was a sudden wave of power in the position of Gu Huai. This is the ability to transfer space. The two humans who fell from the distorted space just fell to the side of Gu Huai.

Did not see the people at all, the two human officers who had finished the transfer of space captured a human form in sight, and they immediately judged it as a Zerg, so they immediately subdued the other on the ground.

But the result saw the other person's face, and the two human generals showed a surprised expression at the same time: "...human?!"

The eyes are the same round pupils as they are, and there are no ethnic features of the Zerg. The black-haired youth in front of them are undoubtedly a human being.

If the space transfer encounters the Zerg, it can only be regarded as unlucky, but what happens when a compatriot encounters? ?

This compatriot is also surrounded by a group of Tak worms. In the face of this scene, Shen Mu and Hamer are also suffering from headaches.

What should we do now?

"Hey-!"

The snoring of the swarm became extremely sharp in an instant, and the surrounding Tucker worms stared at the two with scarlet cockroaches.

No matter what they want to do, the Tucker stalkers who saw their cubs being watched by two humans are now collectively violent.



Chapter 22 

As for how this scene happened now, things have to start from ten minutes ago.

Space transfer This type of ability is quite rare in the entire interstellar, and Shen Mu is just one of the few owners. These abilities need to consume a lot of mental power and transfer distance each time they are used. The farther away, the greater the mental energy consumption.

During the time when the black sand star squad was holding the prisoner, Shen Mu and Hamer accepted the interrogation for several days in a row. It was exhausted after coping with the interrogation. Instead, they were eating in the prison of Tusexing. During the period of more than half a month of hard food, they have the opportunity to recuperate.

After recovering and accumulating enough mental power, the first thing that the two people who were held in the hut by the Zerg thought was of course planning to escape.

Although they have been locked for more than half a month, they have not been tortured and confessed, and they have not suffered any abuse. The food is calm and stable, but they are human beings after all.

There is no friendly relationship between humans and Zerg, and these Zerg can't give them kindly, or even consider taking them to exchange conditions with the Earth Federation.

They are directly killed by the Zerg in addition to being killed in prison on the planet. Since there is nothing to end, it is better to fight for luck.

Because I have never set foot on the Tuse Star, I was locked in the house and could not see the external environment. The transfer of the Shenmu space can only be transferred to a random location.

This is the time to fight for luck. If there is no Zerg in the place where they are randomly transmitted, they will be able to smoothly carry out the next escape plan.

However, the results of this space transfer indicated that they seemed to be a bit unlucky.

Now in front of them, one, two, three... Probably there are more than 20 Tak Zerg who are surrounded by them, and this group of Tektrons still do not know what is completely irritated, at this time visible to the naked eye. Entered the violent state.

Is it because you see them human beings?

Even if their relationship between the two races is not good, is it true that they just got mad when they met? ?

When Hammer discovered that the young man who was subdued by him was not a zerg but a human being, he quickly relaxed and held the other's hand. Although the scene was extremely tense, he couldn't help but swear: "Grass, there are No mistakes, when I met my compatriots is not good, but at this time -"

The space transfer of their random position, even in the Tuz star of one of the Zerg base camp, met a human, this luck is absolutely perfect!

There is no such thing as meeting the joy of compatriots. The planet they are on is the site of the Zerg. It is not a happy thing to see the compatriots here, because they may all die here.

From the perspective of Gu Huai, he was slammed on the ground by people who fell from the distorted space, and things were so sudden that it took him a little time to react.

Gu Huai did not expect that he would see human beings for the first time after he came to this world. It would be in this scene.

"How did you escape from prison, is it a space versatile?" At the same time as this question was asked, Hammer had quickly established a defensive barrier around his abilities, and he held the other side’s wrist to the other side. Pulling up from the ground, the eyes of the Tektrona surrounded by the eyes were closely looked at.

Although it is a question, Hamer has basically identified this matter because there is no second explanation for this incident.

"Oh..." Gu Huai said with a sigh.

Knowing that these two people regarded him as a human being, Gu Huai quickly considered the pros and cons of the next thing, and he did not deny the other's guess.

If they regard him as a human being, they will not take the initiative to attack him, which will make it easier for him to deal with this scene.

When the two men had just fallen down, one of them just happened to be on the snowman that Gu Huai had just piled up. The snowman was not able to see the prototype on the spot. The two red gems originally set on the top as the eyes also fell. I can't see it on the snow.

After being pulled up, Gu Huai saw a glass ball falling from his pocket at his feet.

Now this scene is still very safe for Gu Huai. He likes this glass ball, so his first reaction is to bend down and want to go.

"I don't want to die here, you still have a mood for what's East--" With the corner of his eye, I saw what was picked up by the young man next to him. Hammer’s voice suddenly stopped and improved in a second. Changed a tone, "Energy Crystal?!"

Hearing this sentence, Gu Huai looked at the glass ball in his hand with a puzzled look.

Is this something just an ordinary glass ball?

Gu Huai remembered that he had seen the glass ball at the same time. Yalves did not put the glass ball in his hand. Gu Huai always thought that this was only a gem and the like.

Probably because Gu Huai’s doubts were a bit obvious, the human officer with blond blue eyes next to him was speechless.

"These Tucker worms are around you because you stole the energy crystal they are guarding." Hammer took the energy crystal from Gu Huai's hand and glanced at it. His expression suddenly changed.

The purity of this energy crystal is not generally high. This kind of energy crystal can't find a few in the whole interstellar. I am afraid that it can be worth a class A planet. This is obviously not something that ordinary people can have.

Although it is said that man-made dead birds are eating and drinking, Hamer is really convincing now. How can someone escape from the planet without thinking about how to escape from the planet after successful escape? ?

In particular, the other party did not even know that this was an energy crystal. It was estimated that it was a gemstone. Hamer felt that the compatriot next to him was the one he had ever seen.

At this time, Hammer saw dozens of Tucker worms separated by his defensive barriers staring at the energy crystals in his hands for a moment, as if they were further irritated, from the throat There was a low-pitched threat.

These two humans not only put the cubs they care for on the ground, but now dare to steal the toy ball in the hands of the cubs in front of them!

Either of these two things is enough to make these Tucker ravages, but because the enemy is too close to Gu Huai, these Tak zergs, who have entered the violent state with extreme anger, have not easily attacked.

it is as expected.

Looking at the reaction of these Tucker worms, Hammer more affirmed his own ideas.

Although it is understood that they are in a state of self-protection, the years of education in the military academy of the Earth Federation allowed Hammer to stand up and pull the black-haired youth next to him behind him.

As a soldier, we must protect the people.

But this is not good, one block, the turrets of the Tuckers that were originally threatening sounds are scarlet and bloody.

"It's better if you hurry to put me in a meeting." Even if he didn't feel the emotions, Gu Huai knew that the Tucker worms around him must be very angry now. It is the kind of violent anger that even he is difficult to appease.

The wrist is still being shackled. Gu Huai can only come out from behind the person who is blocking him. Try to let his parents see him, hoping that this will make them less angry.

In fact, Gu Huai is not in a position to solve this scene by himself. In the case that the next person is unprepared for him, Gu Huai now uses his mental strength to directly attack the spiritual field of this person who is next to him. succeed.

However, Gu Huai did not do this because he looked at the performance of the two men in this dangerous situation and wanted to protect him. He felt that these two people should be good people and have admirable qualities.

Gu Huai is still not able to recognize the mental power he possesses too accurately. If he casually attacks a person who is completely unprepared for him, it will make the other party unable to recover.

"Don't move!" It has been very laborious to maintain the defensive barrier. Hammer immediately stopped screaming at the young people behind him.

After saying this to the youth in a harsh tone, Hammer immediately saw the group of Tak worms in front of him showing his sharp, sharp teeth and licking him with a louder hoarse voice than him.

Hamer was slightly stunned by this slap. To be honest, he felt that the Tactical zerg were a bit strange, and they surrounded them but did not attack, as if they were worried about anything.

In theory, the lower-ranking Zerg does not think too much about the enemy, they will only enter the battle immediately, and there is no such habit of threatening to succumb before the battle.

This man first smashed the toys of the cubs, and now slams the cubs they care for.

If Gu Huai is not stunned by the human being, these Tucker worms will now swarm up, use their sharp forearms to split the defensive barrier, and then use their teeth to bite each other's body into pieces.

"Shen, are you okay?" Hammer nervously maintained the barrier. He didn't know why these Tuckers did not attack, but it was a good thing for those who needed time.

Humans could not run the Zerg with two legs, so when they were found surrounded by the Taktrons, Hammer took the opportunity to establish a defensive barrier and fight for the next space transfer for Shenmu.

Random transmission is a bad luck in encountering a group of Tuckers, but this is not the worst case.

Because there is a little bit of luck, these Tucker worms are only low-level zerg, and there is not much wisdom. As long as they use another space to move away, these Tektrons who have lost their goals will not take care of them.

"Give me three more seconds." Shen Mu replied behind.

Gu Huai did not see what happened behind him. When he heard this sentence, he was suddenly caught on the back by the person who was in front of him.

Then three seconds to count down, waiting for the sound of the near space to be torn, Hammer did not hesitate to jump into this twisted space crack.

When three people in the defensive barrier entered the crack in this space, the twisted space created by this man disappeared, leaving only a group of Tak zerds left behind.

The second space transfer is completed -

In the short interval between the use of space transfer, or overloaded with a person, Shen Mu's face is a bit pale and ugly.

"This place is temporarily safe." Confirm that there are no Zerg around, Hamer relaxes the tight nerves for a long time.

Shen Mu also followed the glance around, and he calmly thought, "The next step is to confirm the direction of the airport..."

Usually there is a very towering tower building near the airport, they can use this building as a guide to find the location of the airport.

In general, soldiers stationed in the airport will carry organic buttons, in order to deal with the situation at any time, and the ultimate goal of their escape plan is to grab a mech button from a single Zerg soldier.

If it is said that the task is assessed to a difficulty, then their escape mission must be divided into sss level nightmare difficulty, not to mention that they now have to escape with ordinary people who have no ability.

In the face of this unexpected change in circumstances, Gu Huai is aphasia. He just thought about how to mediate the issue peacefully, but he did not expect to be directly transferred by the other party.

Still being squatted and not put down, in this position, Gu Huai originally put on the neck and the necklace fell from the clothes to the outside.

"This is... mech button??" Hamer marveled. How many treasures did he have on this person who was squatting? Isn't this mech button the thing they want to dream now? ?

With this mech button, they will be able to leave the planet right away!

This mech button on Gu Huai is still given to him by Yalves, but he has always been a necklace hanging on his body as a decoration, so far there is no chance to use it.

It is not difficult to understand the idea that the two men want to drive the mech to escape from Thurs, but Gu Huai feels that he may not be able to satisfy the desire of the two.

Then again, this mech button was given to him by Arvis, he could not give it to others casually, and he could not leave the figure with the two men.

However, when Gu Huai was preparing to establish a spiritual link, a familiar sense of sleepiness came to him at this extremely inappropriate time.

Gu Huai wants to keep himself awake, but like every time in the past, he has no way to resist this instinctive sleepiness and drowsiness.

"Sleeping, sleeping?" Hammer looked shocked. What kind of **** figure is he carrying on his back?

This heart is just as big as a planet. When I fled in the Zerba’s base camp, I could sleep like this? !

"..." Shen Mu, who is calm and calm, is also holding it together.

Without waiting for the shock, the urgency of having to race against time allowed Hammer to quickly call out the silver armor in the mech button, and open the cockpit without stopping for a second, and the three entered the cockpit together.

This silver mech gave Shen Mu a slight familiarity, as if he had seen it somewhere, but the current urgent situation did not have time for him to consider this.

"Great, this mech can make a move!" Hammer almost surprised to say this.

The armor with the ability to move is a very high-level creation, and the ordinary mechs have no leaping function, so they can escape 100% from this planet!

Using the mech button as a key to start the mech, in this remote forest covered with snow, the force field distortion around the successfully launched silver mech.

In the next second, this cold and beautiful silver armor disappeared into the forest.

Ten seconds before this, the Tuckers who were left in the courtyard of the mansion lost their rationality almost in an instant, and the most precious and important treasures they watched were stolen before their eyes, which made these The Tak Zerg is unacceptable.

These Tucker zergs stood in the same place and made a nearly screaming sound from their throats. The sounds quickly spread to a fairly wide range, and soon the other Zerg who heard the voice received the message. information.

king--

So in the conference room of the Military Building, the valuable black stone stone table ushered in its disaster.

The loud noise of "砰", this long table that was supposed to be incredibly strong, was broken into powder in the conference room, and every Zerg expression in the conference room was cold enough to freeze the air.

"Block the whole world." Yalves, who stood up from the main position, opened his face with no expression.

Yalves' eyes were covered with a black tie, but even if he didn't look at his eyes, he could hear from the other party's voice that there was no temperature, and his side looked cold and terrible.

The planet opened the highest level of alert mode, and the sound of the ringing of the planet allowed the two humans who had just drove the armor to leave the Thurstar star.

what the hell?

This alarm should not be because of them?

The highest level of alert mode on the planet is not open. When this mode is turned on, it means that the planet has entered a state of complete preparation. At this time, all the military forces on the planet will be unreservedly dispatched.

Is it because there are three prisoners who have disappeared, and this group of Zerg is doing such a big battle?

How can they be? ?

懵 懵 懵 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,

Although they want to return to the Earth Federation, they now have to find a planet to supplement this armor. After all, the mech is more than a warship. Many times, the energy will be consumed very quickly.

In the end, it was scared by the excessive exaggeration of the Zerg, and Hamer cautiously chose a small planet with six galaxies separated from Thur Star.

They all run so far, and the Zerg will definitely not spend any more time chasing them...

The three captives who said the truth did not have any particularly important value. Normally, they ran and ran. When they thought about it, Hammer was relieved.

In Tuse Star, the Zerg, who is incomparably angry because of the loss of the most precious treasures, is now fully prepared. Numerous Eurasian warships are assembled above the planet, enough to completely cover the sky and cast a huge shadow on the ground.

And this is just the military power of a legion.

"My troops will arrive soon." Capalia said coldly, she looked calm, but the left-handed form of the sharp-edged blade destroyed the ground and was not enough to explain the actual situation.

This day was also the day when the other two Legion of the Zerg arrived at Thur Star. The Zerg soldiers of the Third Corps and the Fourth Army were full of joy and could see their king in Tusexing. They had not arrived in the voyage. At the time, they are already looking forward to the eyes.

But as a result, after they arrived at Thursing, the following conversation took place -

They: "Where is the king?"

The Zerg of Zusein: "Bounded by two humans."

Needless to say anything extra, the Zerg soldiers of the Third Army and the Fourth Army automatically joined the team.

For the entire history of the Stars, this is probably the first time the Zerg has actually dispatched the whole army.



Chapter 23 

The black Euler battleship cluster is outside the Tuse star, and the number is so large that it can block the planet. From a distance, it will make people who think it think it is a movable giant black hole.

The entire Norad galaxy where Tusestar is located is the site of the Zerg. It is said that the forces in the entire interstellar area are most concerned about the movement of the Zerg, which is undoubtedly the race of neighboring galaxies.

Having a dangerous neighbor is like living in an earthquake zone. Although it is known to be potentially dangerous, most people are reluctant to leave this home. Then they can only pay more attention to the neighbors, and in case anything happens, they can be prevented in advance.

And it was this day that was supposed to be a beautiful day. The three races that lived next door to the Zerg neighbors at the Noord Galaxy were shocked. Their neighbors might have to give them a magnitude 10 earthquake.

Countless Eurasian warships have gathered, and the number of these horrible black warships is even rising further, and the number has long exceeded the size of a legion.

When this was discovered, the top leaders of these ethnic groups were nervous and almost immediately convened a meeting, ready to open the highest level of alert mode on the planet.

The fleet of the four sects of the Zerg has different logos. It is easy to know that several groups of galaxies in the next squad can know that the battleships clustered over the Tuse star are a collection of four Zerg regiments.

The scouts dispatched to the borders of the galaxies returned the above message, which made the top leaders of these ethnic groups scalp tight, and the throat began to dry under tension.

Are the four corps of the Zerg being in a state of opposition? How could they suddenly gather together in their next door? !

This incident is enough to shock any race in the Stars, and as the nearest neighbor to this terrorist army, the people of these three races have already raised their hearts.

What do these Zerg want to do?

Not only did the four legions have exchanges, but now they have also assembled the army directly.

Several races as neighbors are not optimistic that the Zerg’s army of such a size in the Tuse Stars is simply looking at it. The size of this army is in line with the standard of full-scale war.

Zerg light is only a military force of the legion has been considerable. If the four legions are united, they can hardly imagine any ethnicity in the interstellar daring to confront such an army.

It’s not just the issue of military power, but also because of the execution of the Zerg soldiers’ orders against superiors, and the ethical nature of absolute obedience to the superiors, which makes the Zerg’s army have superior superiority in any other race, which has risen invisibly. The terrible extent of the army.

The problem is that they haven't heard of any race in the interstellar to provoke the zerg, and they have also provoked the ability to unite the four Zerg regiments.

Still, these Zerg decided to carry out aggression in the new era regardless of the situation -

This speculation makes the neighbors living in the next galaxies numb and anxious. They are closest to the Tuse star. If the Zerg wants to carry out aggression, they must be the first to be unlucky.

They are just a few weak races, and they have no place in the interstellar. If there are no other planets to live in, they don't want to live next to the core of the Zerg!

Confrontation is impossible. The top leaders of the three races have begun to arrange for the evacuation of the people, trying to get more people to sit on the escape ship and ready to escape the planet.

In a short while, the Euras battleships on the Tuse star have been assembled. At this time, the lights on these Eurasian warships are all red, which is the expression of the mood of these Euler warships.

Neighbors in the next galaxies were nervous on unilateral, but it was not long before they were nervous. They found that the Zerg army had no interest in their planet.

A large number of horrific black warships rushed past their galaxy with successive movements, seemingly aiming to go in a certain direction.

Every planet that has passed by this black-pressed battleship has been equally scared, and related matters have become the hottest discussion on the current star network.

Their core questions can basically be classified as the same one - the trouble of the Zerg's joint army is going to find someone?

And one day later, the Zerg told them the answer.

The Eurasian warships, which are large enough to cover the sky, came to the front of a blue planet. This is like a huge black cloud-like battleship that even separates the sun of the planet. The battleship appears on the planet. Outside the defensive circle, although it has not yet made an intrusion, this is no doubt a scene of the pressure of the army.

To tell the truth, in the face of the sudden situation of the Zerg’s sudden army pressure, the first reaction on the Earth’s side is to enter an emergency preparation state. Needless to say, but at the same time preparing for the war, it does not prevent the Earth Federation from being inexplicably confused.

The relationship between the Zerg and their human beings is unfriendly, but now it is not the era of frequent wars in the Old Age.

The new era as a whole is a peaceful era. Although they still have friction with the Zerg, they are basically small and small, and their two races have basically not experienced a large-scale war in the new era.

The Zerg is not a race that will blindly invade. Weigh the pros and cons. Even if the Zerg really wants to invade in the new era, the first target to be found should not be their human beings. How can we start with the neighboring weak races? .

Besides, on the human side, they haven’t provoked the Zerg family at all. It’s totally unreasonable for the group of Zerg to suddenly join forces with the four legions to run against them.

The Zerg is going to fight humans -

The news spread quickly on the Internet in just a few seconds. The eyes of all races in the Stars are now on the Earth. The atmosphere is too tight and the other races just watching can’t help but carry the heart. .

Although the Zerg army was in the doldrums, it did not immediately launch an attack, but stopped outside the Earth's defense circle, which made the Earth Federation in preparation for the war aware of communication opportunities.

But before they communicated, the Zerg side made a unilateral statement -

"If you don't return the king to us in a day, this will be regarded as a full declaration of humanity against the Zerg." The Chief of Staff said this in the newsletter.

The two captives who escaped from Tuse Star were humans, and from the clothing of the other, they were two human generals.

For these two people, what kind of threat means is the most direct and effective, and Yalves believes that it is the safety of the entire Earth Federation.

The Zerg’s army was divided into two parts. The main force came to the Earth, and the fleet of the Third Corps and the Fourth Corps dispersed to find the galaxies.

Earth Federation:? ? ?

It’s too late to be shocked that the Zerg was born, and the top of the Earth Federation now has a bit of a hit.

The king of your Zerg is gone, let's go find it, what do the warships come to our planet? !

This is not a matter of their humanity!

At this time, the two human generals who were staying on a small planet did not know that they were expelled from the human race without a word.

The Zerg side is of course in control of the prisoner's image, but Gu Huai woke up a few seconds before the Zerg would release the image to the Earth Federation.

Gu Huai slept for a long time. When he fell asleep, the two human generals who stayed in the same room with him were in a state of surprise.

Because in the young people who are asleep, they feel the unconsciously released abilities of the other party, which even caused some fluctuations in the surrounding space.

The development of abilities by the Zerg is generally the time to complete the initial growth in the early childhood, but Gu Huai is special. His birth is already an adult, and he has an abilities at birth.

He only has spiritual strength and is still in the early stages of the baby. Therefore, the “complete initial growth” for the general zerg cubs has become an advanced level of mental power.

At the advanced stage, he will passively enter sleep.

This initial growth for Gu Huai needs to undergo two mental advances to complete, Gu Huai is carrying out his first advancement.

The Zerg's cub is not proficient in the mastery of the ability, there is a certain probability that the riot will occur, and Gu Huai is advanced in the sleep state, his abilities are in a state of chaos, which is a very A thorough riot.

So the two humans in the house passively suffered some indiscriminate attacks. For example, the tables and chairs that floated in the room were coming to them, and the ceiling showed clear cracks. The chandeliers shook a few times and fell. Come.

Gu Huai, who is on the advanced mental level, frowned slightly in his sleep, and this kind of riot was uncomfortable for him.

Finally, after waking up after completing the advanced stage, Gu Huai perceives the anger of his own Zerg in a moment of waking, even if it is not perceived on the same planet, which is enough to show how intense this emotion is, and the mood of all Zerg It is exactly the same.

Gu Huai did not think about anything, his first reaction was to immediately establish a spiritual link.

I am here.

This is no longer a spiritual link that is conveyed alone or only to a few Zerg, and Gu Huai, who completed the first mental advancement, is now able to establish a spiritual link to communicate the entire race.

Although the link time can't be too long, it has grown a lot compared to the case where Gu Huai used to sleep only after using a separate link.

It is not necessary for Gu Huai to describe the specific location. The Zerg who receives this spiritual link will automatically know where he is.

So the next second, I was in a very tight confrontation, and the Earth Federation, which was ready for a comprehensive preparation, looked at it. The black pressure was suddenly turned around and surrounded by a large battleship group outside their planet’s defense circle. It disappeared again and again.

Earth Federation: ...? ? ?

What kind of ghost is this group of zerg? ?

"You have been sleeping for more than a day, nothing. Now, do you want to eat some..." Looking at the young man who finally woke up, Shen Mu wanted to ask the other person if he wanted to eat, but he didn't have time to finish it. The two in the house. The human generals heard the sound of the alarm that was quite familiar to them. They had just heard it two days ago.

The planet turns on the highest level of alert mode -

Shen Mu and Hamer are holding together. Is the highest level of alert mode on the planet now the cabbage on the street?

I have never heard of it in my life for the past two decades, and in the recent few days, they have heard both times.

When the two went out to observe the situation, the two of them just went out, did not have time to see what happened to the planet, and the fierce roar of the nearby space was torn apart by powerful forces, so that the two men could stand together.

Then from the twisted space that was torn apart, the two human generals saw a figure that made them feel cold inside.

Silver hair, blindfolded eyes, and a cold silver-gray tail behind it.

This iconic feature, if Shen Mu and Hamer still can't recognize who the silver worms are in front of them, then they don't have to be military.

Yalves, the head of the First Army of the Zerg.

The faces of the two human generals showed an incredible expression. Why did the silver worms appear in front of them, and Shen Mu and Hamer could not understand.

The same is the space abilities, from the sensation fluctuations that I have just felt, Shen Mu has been deeply aware of the gap in his ability with the silver worm.

This zerg is probably transferred directly from other planets. This space manipulation ability has reached the point of being described by terror.

Space abilities are rare and rare, and even if the ability limit can only be transmitted by one person, the opponent's ability is still daunting.

Have you made a mistake?

Just ran three insignificant prisoners. Is this group of Zerg so tightly chasing them, even the head of the army personally arrested them? ?

The two human generals are very skeptical about life.

And then, Shen Mu and Hammer also understand why the planet also has to open the highest level of alert mode, because the Zerg army is over.

The Ula battleship appeared in the sky, and countless black Yula warships quickly obscured the city...and even the sky of the planet.

More and more Zerg soldiers landed on the planet and surrounded them in this place, like a raging infinite stream of insects, so that the horrible scene made Shen Mu and Hamer completely speechless. .

Such a terrible scene is actually only in the history of the old epoch in history textbooks. What is the feeling of the picture described in the text as a reality in front of the book, Shen Mu and Hamer at this time Almost stiff, the heartbeat is as fast as the onset.

But they did not know that this part of the military is still only the search force of the Zerg Third Army and the Fourth Army. The real main army of the Zerg is still coming.

They don't even have the chance to escape.

The body was directly nailed to the place by the absolute suppression of the power of the power, and Shen Mu and Hamer could not move now.

The power of this power is increasing, and the two people who are unable to move can even begin to have a little breathing difficulty. Their bodies seem to be squeezed by some kind of invisible force.

Time has passed from the appearance of the silver worms in the present to the present, only a few seconds have passed, but the two feel as if they have been a century long.

At this time, Gu Huai has also come out of the house, his figure was almost immediately captured by the cold-haired silver worms not far away, and waited for the other party to come, Gu Huai quickly approached the past.

"Are you crazy, don't go over!" Finally, I could recover my breath a little. Hamer looked at her compatriots and took the initiative to approach the silver-haired worm. He was scalp numb.

When you approached the attacking range of the other's tail, Hammer didn't have to imagine that the young man who walked past him would be pierced by the head of the Zerg army, or he would smash his head directly.

Gu Huai continued to approach, but did not let him take a few more steps, Yalves moved.

In the eyes of two human generals, this action is that Yalves wants to take the initiative to attack, and it is not true that when the attack reaches the scope of the attack, the two humans see the tail of the silver worms move -

Shen Mu and Harmerton lived in breathing, and couldn't bear to want to look away. They didn't want to see pictures of their compatriots being brutally killed in front of their eyes.

However, the images that appear next are completely different from their imagination.

The cold silver-gray tail did not do anything to hurt the youth. This tail encircled the youth in an almost cautious way, and then the owner of the tail hugged the youth.

Yalves never made such a move when Gu Huai was awake, but he only wants to do this now. Only in this way can he not control the destruction of his heart.

Then Shen Mu and Hamer saw that the silver worms in front of them had taken the initiative to uncover the occlusions on their eyes, revealing a pair of light golden erects with indifference, and then put this black bandage on him. In the hands of the young people, the meaning of handing over to the other party.

Two people watching the whole process: "???"

Wait……

Wait a minute -

Even if the mind is hard to turn, how unbelievable things are, and the two human generals who have watched this scene cannot now realize the problem.

Looking at the silver worms in front of them, the young people in the arms showed a clear protective posture. Shen Mu and Hammer now almost want to take a breath.

An incredible horrible guess is gradually forming in their hearts...

Are they mistaken for something very terrible? ?



Chapter 24 

Look up a bit.

Military uniforms, silver hair, gold cymbals, a beautiful and indifferent face, plus that bright silver-gray tail, this is indeed the a zerg as the head of the Zerg first army.

Then look down a bit.

Soft black hair, the pupil is a round black eye, the skin is normal white skin color, but also has a warm body temperature, which is indeed a human being.

It is human!

But look at the way the other side is protected by Yalves, and Shen Mu and Hamer at least realize that the human youth in front of them are not the captives they are, but rather

It’s the cockroach of this silver worm...

Love, lover?

Hammer is also really admired himself, why at this moment of life and death, he can now involuntarily in the brain to fill a racist and human cross-ethnic abuse.

Thinking about the relationship between humans and Zerg, Hammer even brains up the scripts of Romeo and Juliet.

No, it doesn't seem to be a sad love.

Regarding the blindfolding of Yalves, as a top student who has been a member of the Federal Military Academy and has excellent results, Hammer has a lot of understanding of the Zerg, and of course the taboo of the black eye mask.

That is something that must not be touched.

Yalves is very belligerent, and the battle seems to be a pleasant thing for the other party. This usually expressionless silver-haired worm has occasionally revealed a mocking smile in the battle.

Probably the shape of the slightly lip, the tall and straight figure looks indifferent and full of oppression, the silver-gray tail will be impatiently shaken from time to time, like a dangerous beast that is hunting.

And if it is said that Yalves will usually use the full force in order to make the battle time a little longer, when the eye mask is touched, the other party will not continue to look like a careless look.

Once the eye mask is removed, the opponent seems to have some kind of loss of control, and this loss of control is beyond his enemies.

But now in front of them, the silver worms took the initiative to uncover their own blindfolds and lowered their heads for the young people who were trapped in their tails. It seemed to be just to see each other with their eyes and to confirm the existence of each other.

And Arvis is still sensible now, except that his expression is cold, and there are no signs of getting out of control.

How do you think this...is very fond of the human youth who are surrounded, otherwise how can he hand over the black tie that he solved.

This move is equivalent to an explanation, and his taboo is an exception to the other party.

The expressions on the faces of the two men changed a lot. They didn't know that it was the first to shock the incredible reality. It is better to find a pit to bury their decent face.

Is there anything more terrible in the interstellar forcibly abducting the partner of the planet's master on the Tuz star, one of the Zerg base camps?

Even if they die, they die. The reason for their entry into the coffin is clearly and plainly written on the coffin.

On the other side of Gu Huai, he was so hugged in the awake state. He was still a little uncomfortable with this position, but he thought that he would worry them. Gu Huai then gave Anvil a point to let him come to him. Holding.

Not in a hurry to deal with two humans who could not escape, Yalves first coveted Gu Huai from head to toe with his eyes, and then his eyes stayed on a bruise in Gu Huai's arm.

Hammer followed the sight of Arvis, and he saw the bruises in his heart, and his heart suddenly slammed.

This may be when he accidentally hit the other side when he pressed the other person to the ground.

This bruise was not obvious, but it was enough, enough for Arvis to squint his eyes. When he looked up at the two humans in front of him, the light golden erect had no feelings.

He was not interested in fighting these two humans. Arvis vacated a hand from the person holding his hand and prepared to reach out and crush the heads of both.

The speed at which Yalves made his hand movements was not slow, because he wanted the two to feel the fear compared to the quick death of the two.

The two people who were directly nailed to the place by the powerful powers of the powers looked at the hands of the silver worms in front of them. If they look at the aesthetic point of view, the fingers of the other party are distinct and long-sighted, it should be very beautiful. .

But in the eyes of the two people who were threatened by life, the hand that only reached them was terrible.

Nearly.

Closer -

The two humans will not be able to close their eyes and their eyes will be sharply magnified as the hand approaches.

And just as the hand was about to meet them, Shen Mu and Hamer suddenly saw the young man surrounded by the silver worms holding the hand.

It may not be possible to hold it down, because it can be seen that the youth has no strength at all, just to put a hand on the back of the other hand to show a little stop.

But just like this, Arvis’s hand does not move.

The silver worms in front of their eyes are expressionless, the outline of the side face is not soft, it looks particularly cold, but the other party obeys the requirements of the youth.

This is a great pillow wind, Hammer sighs.

Still caught in the script of cross-racial love, but not long after, the three Yula warships that had been torn apart in the sky allowed the two human generals standing to completely froze, and even the brain was together. .

The three Ula warships, which look extraordinarily prominent, are warships belonging to the Zerg army, plus Arvis, who is already standing in front of them. The three warships appear here at the same time, the four Zerg The legions all ran together on the planet.

The Zerba’s Yula warship has a conveyor that has been set up in advance. The energy crystal that needs to be consumed to start the conveyor can be converted into one or two planets in value, and it takes a lot of time to re-install the device after it is used up. Therefore, such directional transfer is not easy to use.

But the problem is that the three Yula warships in the sky are obviously transmitted in a directional manner.

what is happening?

Do they think the script is still wrong? ?

The two people who suffered too many psychological impacts in a day opened their mouths, and they couldn’t make any sounds, almost stunned at the sky.

Then three high-ranking zerg of different forms appeared in front of them, all of them were a class of Zerg, and the other three Zerg leaders.

The left hand of the bone wing and the sharp knife shape, which is well recognized, is the second army leader of the Zerg, Capalia.

Next to the other side, there are two light gray faces on one face, and the face is cold. It is not difficult to recognize the higher Zerg in a complex robes. It is the third leader of the Zerg, Ai.

In the end, a tall zerg is very tall, almost two people, and the upper part of the body is covered with a hard outer armor. This is the fourth army leader of the Zerg.

Not to mention that the scalp is numb, and Shen Mu and Hamer, who were forced to stay at the scene, felt that their scalp had to be blown up.

After Kapaliya arrived at the scene, she confirmed the safety of Gu Huai. Then she glanced at Gu Huai’s neck and it was empty.

And because the planet is summer, Gu Huai is not wearing the thick clothes before, so there is still one thing missing from the naked eye.

When I found out this, Kapaliya was only close to the two human beings who were suppressed and could not move, and then she coldly licked the blond human hand.

Hammer really thought that his arm was to be cut off by the other party, but the Tektron worm only opened his finger, took the mech button from his hand, and then searched from his pocket. Energy crystal.

These two things, Hammer was originally prepared to wait for Gu Huai to wake up and give it back to the other side, but did not expect that when Gu Huai woke up, it was just a sudden emergency, so this matter was delayed.

The next scene was even more incredible. Two human generals saw that the female zerg who took the mech button and the energy crystal from their side was close to the young man in the vicinity, and the expression was cold and frosty, but the action seemed to be like Carefully and gently put the necklace with the string of buttons on the neck of the youth.

After wearing the necklace, put the energy crystal back into the hands of the youth.

"Do you have anything missing?" Kapalia asked coldly as she watched the eyes of the two humans cold, and the voice of the inquiry was as soft as possible.

She absolutely does not allow someone to take things away from her own king, let alone to steal the toy ball that the cub loves. It is unforgivable in the eyes of any Zerg.

you……?

The ear caught the word, and the two humans present were paralyzed.

"No." Gu Huai shook his head, he did not bring much things.

Lisa, who is the adjutant of Kapaliya, of course took the same battleship with her. At this time, she quickly jumped off the battleship and rushed over.

"I haven't seen you for a long time, I am very happy to see you again." Lisa said with a smile.

If you don't look at the scene, Shen Mu and Hamer may feel that the female Zerg is happy to greet them. The smile on the face is gentler than any time they have seen before.

However, this gentleness does not make them feel relaxed, but it is cold.

They translated the other person's words and felt that the real meaning was like this -

I haven't seen you for a long time (grabbing you), I am very happy to see you again (you can wait for death).

"king."

"His Majesty."

The first time I met, although in such a bad situation, Ai and Simodo still chose to offer their loyalty to the king at the moment of meeting, so they both kneel down on Gu Huai.

Looking at this scene, the two human generals simply stopped their heartbeat.

Then they felt a little dizzy.

Wang...what king?

What, what? ?

They think that the youth of mankind is the king of this group of Zerg, and the two of them turned the king of the Zerg to another planet.

Is this reality like this? ?

At this moment, the two people who finally found out the truth of the matter suddenly emptied, the stimulation was too great, and their expression began to become erratic.

It turns out that there is really something terrible in this interstellar that is forcibly abducted by the planet’s master’s companion on one of the Zerg’s base camps.

The two of them, who directly abducted on the Zerg’s territory, are the most precious and important treasures for the group of Zerg.

I just wanted to find a pit to bury my decent face. Now, Shen Mu and Hamer think, don’t look for a pit. They just dig one on the ground and just bury it.



Chapter 25 

The king found it, then the next step is to deal with the prisoner.

How to deal with it specifically?

The body shape makes people feel like the size of the mountain, the leader of the Fourth Army of the Zerg, who is using his erect to stare at the two humans in front of him, or to screw the head down, or to tear the two human limbs first. Then screw your head off...

Simodo looked at the bodies of two humans just like the fish on the two cutting boards. He used his already fierce face to show the fierce expression to the two humans, and he could not help but smash the two. Lower teeth.

When he thought of it, Simodo was preparing to unscrew the two human heads as a gift to his king, but at this time, his clothes were suddenly pulled.

This downturn caused Simodo to pause, and his reflective quick convergence of the fierce expression on his face before he turned back and asked the young man who pulled his clothes: "What do you mean to your subordinates?"

Because the appearance is inherently fierce, Simodo can't make a gentle expression. When he deliberately converges his expression, the whole person seems to be a bit dull and dull, which makes Gu Huai think of the Tucker who first looked at him. Zerg.

"They didn't do anything to me..." Gu Huai took the appropriate argument and thought about how to make his Zerg a little dissipated. "They should treat me as a human being, thinking that I was also caught in the Tuse Star. The captives, so I will bring me here together, not what I want to do bad things for me."

This is an oolong incident, because it is understood that in the whole process, the two human generals only have the mentality of protecting their "compatriots". Gu Huai still hopes that these two people can survive.

Although this kind of protection mentality is only under the premise of misunderstanding his identity, from the behavior of the two people, it is indeed admirable for the soldiers who want to protect the people in times of crisis.

But standing in the position of the Zerg, Gu Huai also understands how much the unintentional behavior of these two people has caused anxiety for the Zerg who cares for him. Gu Huai can imagine how the Zerg is looking for him in his eager mood. .

"Sorry, I am worried about you." Gu Huai said with a low voice.

If he didn't passively sleep because of the advanced growth of his mental strength, this thing could not have happened.

And when I heard Gu Huai say this, the Zerg people in the field basically changed their expressions.

"You don't need to apologize." When the knees stood up and lowered his head, the two black horns on the head of Ai's head covered with gray hair were exposed in front of Gu Huai. He said quietly, "Protect yourself as our own." The desire, but not able to protect you, the mistake is us, you have not done anything wrong."

When Ai said this, other Zerg are present with the default attitude.

"Does the king want to leave these two people?" asked Simodo.

Gu Huai looked at the two people who were fixed in the same place and nodded lightly.

"Let's stay and stay." Like in the comments on what is not important, seeing Gu Huai nod, Siddhartha will quickly follow.

The head of the fierce fourth army showed a look of what Gu Huai said, because he felt that his Kazakh group was more mediocre than other ethnic groups. He did not have a prominent position among the four heads of the army. The ability of Simoto to express loyalty to Gu Huai is more direct.

Other than that, he must at least offer unreserved loyalty.

The lives of these two people were saved. Gu Huai looked at the two people. He was thinking that since he intended to let the Zerg expand diplomacy, humans would one day be exposed.

The relationship between the Zerg and the human being is not good. This is a legacy of the history of the Old Age. It is not easy to solve it.

Gu Huai wants to pass these two people and first understand the humans in the Star Age.

"Please ask them to go to Tussex for a while." Gu Huai thought about it.

Gu Huai’s voice just fell, and Yalves, holding him and putting his tail on him, glanced at the two humans in front and gave instructions to his adjutant: “Bring them up and return to Tusser. ”

After saying this, Arvis took the young man he had found back in the direction of the warship, calmed down and maintained a consistently calm and calm, as if the mood was not affected in this incident.

However, from the side face where Yalves can't see the expression, Gu Huai is still very easy to detect that the other party is angry.

Therefore, Gu Huai did not move to let him hold him. When he was normally awake, he would definitely ask himself to walk.

Gu Huai observed the expression of Yalves for a while, and decided that before returning to Thur Star, he would be so safe and unmoving, and probably noticed his sight, and Yalves suddenly stopped and lowered. Head.

Gu Huai's pair of beautiful light golden erects, these eyes are cold, making the light golden color of the eyelids more obvious.

By being seen by Arvis, Gu Huai suddenly felt that he could not help but blame each other.

So Gu Huai quietly touched the tail of the circle on him, and then tentatively shouted the name of the next Yalves: "Hey?"

Gu Huai’s voice when he called this nickname was particularly low, and he felt that the name could not be heard by others.

When Yalves heard the name, he drooled. He didn't say anything, but his tail was involuntarily moved.

"Let's go back to Tushur, I am hungry." Because of the advancement of mental strength, I slept for more than a day. Gu Huai did not eat anything during this period. Now it is really hungry.

"Okay." Hearing that Gu Huai said so, Yalves quickly responded with a low voice.

Obedience is obedience, but this does not prevent Arvis from giving the two more humans a record. He is holding the young man in his arms and then walking to the battleship door. The two men who were taken close to the battleship squinted.

This is the hunter's look at the prey, but because of the requirements of Gu Huai, Arvis only stopped his behavior in a simple look.

Gu Huai still does not have a correct understanding of the Zerg's hearing ability. His conversation with Yalves was completely stopped in the ears of the Zerg.

The informed Zerg was first surprised that Yalves did not mind being called the name, but after hearing it, their unanimous reaction was to show even worse eyes to the two humans they were staring at.

After the two humans abducted their king, they did not even give them a king to eat!

According to the time of birth, their king is still a cub that has not been born for a long time, and the eggshells have not finished eating. These two humans have even made the cubs hungry.

At the thought of this, the Zerg on the scene was so angry that they wanted to grind their teeth, and some even had a little creaking.

Shen Mu and Hamer, who were stared at by such a group of Zerg, are still embarrassed. They are still digesting the fact that they have abducted the king of the Zerg, and they are even more stunned by the subsequent development.

The low-ranking Zerg couldn't jump directly to the battleship before landing on the ground. It was hard to wait for the battleship to land. The more than 20 Tak worms in the battleship in Yalves arrived almost immediately in front of Gu Huai.

When I saw these Tucker worms, Gu Huai, who had planned to keep Amway holding, had to move.

When Gu Huai approached these Tucker worms, he first touched the sharp forearms of several Tucker worms and then calmly and comfortably said, "I am fine, no injuries, nothing."

For these Tucker worms, nothing is more irritating than the young people who watched their care being taken away from their eyes. This group of Tucker worms has not been separated from the violent state until now. Huai, they are still in extreme anger.

But no matter how angry, the cubs are the most important. These Tucker worms immediately formed a **** circle around him when they saw Gu Huai, and then stared at them with their scarlet eyes. a human being.

Gu Huai saw that he couldn’t calm down. He thought about it, and he hugged and hugged the Tucker Zombies who were around him.

With the excessively large body of these Tucker worms, Gu Huai's open hand may only hold their forearms, and the picture looks like a rabbit holding a giant carrot several times larger than its body.

When Gu Huai did this, the Tak zerg, which was originally violent and angry, seemed to be finally calmed down, and the young man’s head was low and his voice was low.

Compared to the higher zerg with the humanoid form, these low-level Tak zergs look undoubtedly more horrible, but this picture seems to reveal some kind of warmth, which allows two people to observe this in person. Humans feel a shock to the heart.

Will the Zerg have such feelings?

It’s just like parents are cherishing the cubs who love and protect themselves. In this picture, these Tucker worms are almost at a glance for the favor of the youth surrounded by them.

Found this, Shen Mu and Hamer opened their mouths, and they suddenly felt that they had done something very excessive.

Not from the seriousness of the impact of this matter, but from the perspective of human nature.

If these low-level Tak worms are parents, then the two of them are equivalent to stealing the cubs in front of the parents, which can not blame these Zerg will be crazy.

"...Sorry, this is our fault." Although not intentional, both Shen Mu and Hamer still choose to sincerely apologize.

Zerg and humans have different ethnic positions, but some things can be measured by the same ruler. They just want to think about the feelings of parents in human society if they are taken away by the bad guys, they can understand these towers. The current mood of the zerg.

This sincere apology barely makes the temperature of the eyes of the surrounding Zerg rise a little bit, but for the time being, the difference is not big, it is still a negative temperature.

When Gu Huai took these Tak worms to the front of the Yula warship belonging to Yalves, the Euras battleship immediately lit up the warm sky blue ship lights.

"kacha~ kacha kacha-"

For the first time, the two humans who were brought behind saw the Zerg’s Yula warship. They have always heard that the Zerg’s Eurasian warship is a self-conscious living creature, but it is really surprising to see it.

But then there are more surprising things waiting for them.

As soon as they saw them approaching, the Yula warship immediately gave them a light conversion.

"Hey-!" red light.

The huge hull made a noise, and then somehow moved the hull. This huge Yula warship raised the dust on the ground and covered the two humans in front.

"..." The two human generals who took a pile of dust from the air were deeply silenced, and now even the warships are not waiting to see them.

In short it is miserable.

Gu Huai looked at the picture and coughed twice. He touched the door of the Yula warship in the battleship and slowed down and said, "Let them come in."

Accepting Gu Huai's touch, the Yula warship slightly shook the hull, and then faced the two humans, barely giving them a green light.

Being guarded all the way into the Yula battleship, Shen Mu and Hamer looked at the soft-skinned youth in front of their eyes, and the whole person looked very soft and harmless. Still can’t believe that the other party would be this. The supreme ruler of the fierce and violent Zerg.

But this is indeed the truth.

When entering the Eurasian warship, the reaction of the two human generals was not to mourn that they had to be arrested back to the figure, but they were thinking -

Their lives have experienced the capture of the Star Thieves, the captives of the Zerg, the prisoner who ran the king of the Zerg to another planet, and suffered from the entire Zerg army.

The two of them survived miraculously.



Chapter 26 

For the two human generals, today is the most ups and downs in their lives.

For this small planet surrounded by countless Eurasian warships that are innocent by the Zerg, today is a day when the inhabitants of this planet have been greatly frightened.

When the sky was obscured by the black Yula warships, the prayers on the planet, the silent prayers, the sorrowful views, and even the sorrowful views have already begun to tell the parting words, and the atmosphere on the planet is low. .

But this heavy atmosphere did not last long. The Ula warships that surrounded the planet were evacuated, the sky returned to blue, and the planet was calm.

Is this group of zerg just to scare them? ?

The inhabitants of the small planet who were ups and downs did not know what to do, and they could only watch the black warships in the sky leave.

"We should apologize to the leader of this planet after we go back." The warship has already started. Gu Huai looked at the planet that was getting smaller and smaller in the line of sight through the transparent window, thinking about saying this.

After all, they made the people on this little planet scared. It’s a bit of a apology to not be able to surround the planet without saying hello to the owner.

The chief of staff pushed the glasses around and bowed down: "Then, when you return to Tusser, the subordinate will officially send a letter of apology to the planet."

Since Gu Huai was on the warship of Yalves, the other three legions, of course, defaulted to abandoning their own warships and also followed the Yula warship.

The four corps of the Zerg were staying on the same warship, and they were still alive. The two human generals who were brought on this battleship were thinking. Their experience was put on the entire Earth Federation. It is estimated that there was no previous generation. Come on.

"There are only nutrients in the battleship. Although the taste is not good, please use it a little bit." As the adjutant of Yalves, Alger is of course also on this battleship, and he is now taking it in the material storage room. There are several nutrients.

"The taste of these sticks seems to be sweeter." Alger put a few nutrients he specially selected in front of Gu Huai, hoping that Gu Huai will pick one.

Because knowing that Gu Huai doesn't like the taste of nutrients, Alger's expression is a little anxious.

Gu Huai looked at the nutrient light and snorted, but still sat down and picked up one on the table.

Gu Huai was curious to drink a small amount of nutrient, because the taste really made him feel strange, he gave up only a drink.

But now it is really hungry, Gu Huai will not be entangled so much.

I plan to make up for it first, and Gu Huai opens the nutrient and then tastes a sip.

I found that the taste was not as strange as it was last time. Sweet is like apple juice. Gu Huai quickly finished drinking this nutrient.

Normally, a nutrient can solve the whole day's feeding needs, but after Gu Huai finished drinking the whole nutrient, he found that he was still hungry.

Observing this from Gu Huai’s expression, Alger asked: “Do you still feel hungry?”

Gu Huai nodded in some hesitation, and he nodded, and the Zerg around him immediately stared at the two humans next to him with cold eyes.

"..." Shen Mu and Hamer, who were stared by a group of Zerg, did not dare to move and did not want to open their mouths. They did not deliberately not give anything to the other party.

Gu Huai quickly understood the brain circuit of his own Zerg, and he explained to the two people: "It’s not about them. It’s not that they don’t give me food. It’s because I have gone to sleep. Wake up will be like this."

"Then choose another one...?" Lightly, Alje tries to keep himself from frowning in front of Gu Huai. "When you return to Tusser, you can immediately eat what you like."

Wang is hungry, and as long as you think about it, all the Zerg on this Eurasian warship will inevitably be in an anxious state of mind.

Gu Huai looked at the other nutrients placed in front of his eyes. He felt that even if he had finished eating these things, he would still be hungry, just like what is missing in the food...

As soon as I thought about it, the instinct derived from hunger quickly made Gu Huai know what he wanted, and only that thing could quickly replenish the material he needed.

"... eggshell." Gu Huai touched his stomach, and his face tangled and said instinctively told him the answer, "Other things are not enough."

The eggshell of the Zerg cub contains enough energy for the pup to complete the initial growth. For Gu Huai, the energy he needs is very large, and other foods are difficult to replace.

His mental strength has ended his first advancement, and it is still a short distance from the completion of the initial growth. Before completing the growth, Gu Huai still needs to eat eggshells as the staple food.

"I let Euler speed up the flight." Arvis squinted his eyes and looked blank.

Gu Huai looked at the silver big cat next to him and was upset. He hadn’t been able to completely slap the other side, and now he has to reinvent it.

"Hey." The two were close, and Gu Huai deliberately lowered his voice to call the other's nickname, and the voice revealed the comfort.

Although I don't know why he called this nickname to have the effect of the other party, but since it was found, then Gu Huai did not use it.

Then it really worked, and Jarvis licked his mouth in a subtle way, even though he was still expressionless, but the feeling of being on his face was finally only cold, and there was no danger of looming.

What is the cause of this effect, in fact, things are like this -

Gu Huai thought that he was driving down the voice, and other Zerg people could not hear what he said, but the fact is that everyone can hear it.

So his behavior was in the eyes of Yalves and other Zerg, and he was conscious of the nickname of Arvis in his early years in the presence of so many Zerg.

This can be called a relative move, so Yalves is so easily appeased.

Gu Huai did not know what he had done unintentionally. At this time, he even said that the big cat was too obedient and could not resist reaching out to touch each other's hair.

This move is also a way of expressing good feelings in the eyes of other Zerg.

"In fact, it is not very hungry. Just wait for you to return to Tusser." Gu Huai thought about it and quickly found another topic. "The flowers you gave me last time are withering, I want new ones."

Arvis listened and nodded silently with a slightly squinted expression.

"Give me the same, I think the flower you sent me last time is very good." Gu Huai said, treating the silver worms next to him smiled.

"Good." Yalves agreed.

Such a dialogue seems to be nothing, but for those who have an understanding of Arvis, both the Zerg and the two unfortunate and lucky two human generals are strange to his attitude.

Yalves should be lack of surrender to Gu Huai. As long as he compares his words and attitudes with his opponent in the face of Gu Huai, other Zerg will notice this.

Even so, he is still compliant with Gu Huai, which is a contradiction.

The two human generals have learned about the character of Arvis from various rumors. Indifference is undoubtedly prominent, and one thing should be arrogant.

This is due to the powerful strength of the other side and the noble status inherent in the Zerg. Even if Yalves does not intend to express this arrogance, the carelessness he faces in the political decision-making and fighting will also A little revealing.

But in the eyes of both of them, when Arvis faced Gu Huai, whether it was apathy or arrogance, he even allowed Gu Huai to ask him freely.

Even if Arvis did not give orders, the Eurasian warship had already speeded up many times, and finally returned to Tuse Star after a period of time.

It was clearly escaping, but it was not long before it was brought back to the Zerg camp. Shen Mu and Hamer looked at each other and they were all a bit strange.

It may be because the stimuli have been suffered, and the attitude of the young black-haired youth who were forcibly abducted by them knows that they are still unable to die anyway, and the two human generals will accept this reality.

Isn't it the guest of the Zerg Star to the Zerg, and their rich and colorful life is not bad, then they will take a step.

In fact, Shen Mu and Hamer have considered that they have been arrested so that even if they are guilty of death, they should not escape. It may not be possible to be served on a large penalty, and most of the body has to be delaminated.

What the two didn't expect was that the Zerg on the Thurs did not do anything to them, just put a metal ring on their wrists.

This metal ring monitors the ability index and tracking position in real time, close to the skin.

The metal ring cannot be picked up by itself, and there is a shrinking poison needle inside. If the controller presses the button, the needle will stick into the wearer's skin.

"Toxins are provided by me, I hope it has no chance to get in touch with you." Lisa smiled and said, her face was gentle.

The two human generals took the mouth of the mouth, and the neurotoxin was so terrible that it was exposed through the poisonous silk. If you directly plunged into the skin, you would know that it would die on the spot.

However, the two of them did not think about running away or doing something bad. They are not stupid. They will not see the change of the Zerg's overall power after the appearance of the "king".

At least the four divisions that were originally split within the Zerg are unified, which is a fact that can be confirmed.

Although the contact time is very short, the young black-haired youth feels that it is a mild and harmless existence. Therefore, when the other party said that they were invited to be a guest at Tush Star for a while, Shen Mu and Hamer thought that since they ran away. Off, then they simply stay here to observe the specific changes of the Zerg.

The unity of the Zerg’s four regiments is not a good thing for other races in the interstellar, but if the king who rules their will is as harmless as the other’s, it may be different or maybe...

In a short period of time, the two humans who were brought back to Tuse Star thought about a bunch of things. They were rigorously considering the observation plan, but they stuck when they observed the first thing.

"Soaked up, please eat faster." Upon returning to Thur Star, the chief of staff went to find a jar of Gu Huai eggshell powder, mixed with Pubano sap, and stuffed the cup into the same The other hand asked the other person to use the ability to heat, and then hurriedly put the cup of milk in front of Gu Huai.

As long as he knew that Gu Huai was still hungry, the Zerg in the field was worried and worried. Until Gu Huai picked up the cup and began to drink the first bite, the cold and tight face of the Zerg was finally relaxed.

Eggshell, milk...

Look at this group of Zerg who used to make a milk and even the abilities, and Gu Huai, who is drinking a baby's milk next to him, two humans will lead.

They later realized that young black-haired youths who were already adult in their appearance were probably younger than they were born in time.

Didn't they both commit a felony in the entire interstellar...?

Abandon the cub.

According to Article 127 of the Interstellar Joint Law, the offenders will be sentenced to imprisonment for at least 20 years by the court, once confirmed for any race or abduction.

They were lucky if they were not sent to the Star Alliance Prison.

After the young people finished eating, the first request received by Shen Mu and Hamer was only to accompany the other party to the courtyard.

There is still thick snow in the courtyard, and the pure white snow has decorated the figure star into a silver-covered snowy planet.

Gu Huai wants to understand the humans in the interstellar era through these two people. By the way, can you see if there is a way to find a breakthrough between humans and Zerg, but before doing this, he has to let the Tucker who cares for him not want There is such a big hostility to these two people.

The first step is to -

"Maybe you have to trouble me to build a snowman with me, because when you fell from the sky, the snowman that I gave them to Karoo was broken, so they are still a little angry with both of you." Actually, this is not the case. An angry point, Gu Huai did not finish the words.

Shen Mu and Hamer can of course feel the strong hostility of these Tak worms around them. If it is not Gu Huai's appeasement, these Tak worms have already fought directly to shred them.

But think about what I did in front of these Tucker worms. The two human generals will be silent, and they will be recognized if they are not seen.

Although it is not difficult to make a snowman, it is necessary to pile up more than twenty people. It takes some time for the three people to work together.

Gu Huai put these twenty snowmen into a circle shape, but unfortunately he couldn't make these snowmen look like they were hand-in-hand, but it was not bad.

"Hey, it’s a snowman for you." Gu Huai approached and patted the sharp forearm of a Tak Zerg, and specifically said, "They also helped to pile up together."

Listening to Huai Huai, these Tak worms slightly reduced the hostility of the two humans in front, but only one thing, they did not forget that these two people also pour the cubs they care for, and they are robbing the toys. These two things about the ball.

But now looking at the snowman that Gu Huai gave them, before the Tak Zerg continued to express hostility towards the two, they looked at the snowman in front of them and always felt that something was missing.

After a while, a few tall Tak worms approached the snowmen. They stretched out their forearms and piled up a little snowman among the dozen or so snowmen in the circle.

Because there are no flexible hands, this little snowman is not as beautiful as the big snowman outside, but because of its small size, it looks quite cute.

The big snowmen in a circle are inlaid with red gems. It seems to represent their eyes. These Tak worms looked at the black eyes of Gu Huai, and suddenly there was a Tak worm that began to go indoors. mobile.

On Tuse Star, the black stone that is quite precious to other races is everywhere. The Zerg who lived in Tuse Star has been extravagant to use it for furniture, so the Tektron worms go to the house to cut A corner of the black stone.

After bringing the stone back, the Tak worms inlaid the black stone cut into two small stones into the face of the little snowman in the middle. Looking at the finished little snowman, the Tucker worms around Gu Huai seemed to Because of the joy, there was a low snoring, and the scarlet icy erects were subtly bright due to such emotions.

The big snowmen are them, and the little snowmen surrounded by them are the cubs they care for.

This is no shortage.



Chapter 27 

A circle of red-eyed snowmen surrounded a small snowman with black eyes. When Gu Huai inlaid the black stone from the Tektronix around him to the snowman's face, he knew that the little snowman represented him.

Gu Huai looked at the snowman who was not so good. He watched for a few seconds, and did not try to make this little snowman more refined. He just raised his head and asked the Tektrons around him to ask: " Is this for me?"

Although it is obvious, Gu Huai still intends to ask.

The Tucker scorpion, who stared at the little snowman with scarlet eyes, made a low hum at this moment, which is affirmative.

So Gu Huai squinted, he did not speak, but slightly bent on these Tucker worms.

This expression is to show that Gu Huai likes this little snowman, and the Tucker worms who already understand the meaning of this expression are also more happy.

Whether it is these Tak worms and the small snowmen, or their apparent preference for Gu Huai, the two humans who look at it are complicated.

The various manifestations of these Zerg in front of them are a little different from the violent and ruthlessness in their own impressions, which makes them feel contradictory and doubtful. The long-standing cognition has been shaken a bit.

Did not show this complex feeling too obvious, the two human generals looked at the gemstones embedded in the faces of these snowmen, and could not help but smack the corners.

Especially when they saw the black stone, they were silent for a while.

For them, humans and other races are black stones of scarce resources. On the map of Thur, they have fallen to the eyes of snowmen. This is a luxury that has reached a certain level.

Gu Huai did not let the two idle for a long time, completed the first sentence, he immediately let the two humans in front of the second thing.

"The snowman is piled up, thank you for your help, and then... then one of you needs to push another person to the ground, and the action is best exaggerated." Gu Huaizhen said.

The two people who heard Gu Huai’s words met each other. Finally, Shen Mu calmly asked: “Are you coming or me?”

"Of course I am coming." Hammer did not hesitate to make a choice, and then he used the next officer to slap the young officer next to him in the snow in the next second.

Just like a large Golden Retriever dog slammed the master's posture, Hamer suppressed Shenmu, this action is indeed exaggerated.

Gu Huai looked almost like, and he went over: "I am going to press you now, you mean to get on the snow."

It was said that Gu Huai had pushed down the back of this blond human being, and the latter fell almost immediately when Gu Huaigang touched him gently.

Gu Huai: "..."

Is this a bit too exaggerated?

The idea was passed by in the heart. After Gu Huai pressed the man down, the Tektronix who looked at him with him was saying: "This is playing games, not serious."

These Tucker worms can't immediately understand Gu Huai's words. Their cold scarlet eyes were stared at the two human beings for a while, and finally when one of them was beaten by Gu Huai for the second time, several towers. The worms licked their heads and understood that the cubs they care for were playing.

Before that, these two humans pressed the cubs they care for, and they were playing with the cubs?

It was confirmed that Gu Huai was not injured. Gu Huai did not express pain with them before. These Tak zerds had only a little wisdom to think about it for a while, and finally accepted this matter.

Seeing that Gu Huai indicated to them, Shen Mu took his elbow and smashed his companion and rescued himself from being crushed by the Golden Retriever.

It was noticed that the nearby Tak worms had reduced their hostility by a few points. The two human generals can only be grateful now, but it is these Tak worms who saw them put Gu Huai on the snow...

If you change it and be seen by other higher Zerg, you will not believe that they were playing with Gu Huai before. At this time, most of them have half of their bodies lying in the coffin.

And it’s not because of this act of putting the youth down, and the two of them directly became sinners that triggered the all-round war of humans and Zerg in the new era.

At the thought of this possibility, the cold sweat of the backs of the two human generals immediately fell.

Did not find the sudden tension between the two, Gu Huai took the glass ball he liked from his pocket and threw it at the two.

"Take it." Gu Huai said.

The two people standing opposite each other did not respond, but they were trained soldiers, and the reflex nerves were very sensitive. Shen Mu easily reached out and caught the energy crystal.

This is also equivalent to catching a level a planet, the calm expression on Shen Mu's face turned into a glimpse, he did not understand Gu Huai's intention.

"Now you throw it back to me." Gu Huai put his hands together and waited for the ball.

Although Shen Mu did not understand the situation, he accurately threw the energy crystal back into Gu Huai's palm.

"Okay." Catch the ball, Gu Huai put the glass ball back into his own pocket, then he smiled at the two.

"Because you took the glass ball in my hand before, Karoo they thought you had robbed my toy..." When it came to the word "toy", Gu Huai stunned, "Now Let them know that you are just playing with me and throwing the ball. It doesn't matter."

This glass ball is somehow. In the eyes of these Tucker worms, it is his toy ball. When Gu Huai first discovered this, his mood was a bit subtle.

I heard that Gu Huai said that the two human generals had been silent for a few seconds.

An energy crystal worth a grade a planet is... a toy ball?

That's probably the most extravagant and expensive toy in the interstellar.

"Wang" has a meaning for the Zerg. Even though the observation time is short, Shen Mu and Hammer have already had a very clear and profound understanding of this issue.

Precious, unique and supreme.

It is at the top of the pyramid and has absolute control over the entire Zerg. As long as the other party orders, all Zerg will contribute to it.

The angry points that had been provoked before were all unraveled. The Tucker worms, who had been extremely hostile to the two humans around Gu Huai, did not immediately attack the idea of ​​the two.

Even with the change of minds, the identity of these two human generals has changed in the eyes of these Tuckers.

They judged the identity of these two individuals from the enemy to the playmate of Gu Huai, and of course the attitude improved a lot.

The sharp forearms hang down, and these terrible Tucker worms made a little dumb noise to the two humans in front of them.

Because I saw that Gu Huai was laughing when playing the ball with these two people, these Tak Zerg automatically understood this picture as two playmates making Gu Huai very happy.

This can almost be said to be a kind of friendly performance. Shen Mu and Hamer never thought that they would get the Zerg’s friendly treatment because of this kind of thing, especially this is the most fierce and cruel Tak zerg in the Zerg. .

The Tektronians who have taken care of themselves are no longer hostile to these two human beings. Gu Huai is ready to enter the room and talk to the two men face to face.

"We went back." Gu Huai said to the Tak Zerg people around him.

Generally speaking, these Tucker worms are extremely obedient to Gu Huai’s words, but at this time, they are low and low, and the scarlet eyes seem to be staring at the more than twenty snowmen piled up not far away.

Especially for the little snowman in the middle, these Tuckers fear that it will rain or snow outside, this little snowman will be destroyed by rain and snow.

"It's okay to put it in this way." It's easy to understand what these Tak zerg are thinking, and Gu Huai whispered.

The winter is still going on, the snowman piled up in this mansion garden will not melt for the time being, and it can be placed for a while.

However, the spring of this planet will always arrive. Gu Huai thought about it. At this time, he added: "It’s okay for the winter of this year. When the figure is snowing again next year, I will give you the same kind of snowman. Enough."

In the face of Gu Huai, the Tucker worms kept moving for a few seconds, but the throat was clearer and more clear, and the Tak worm who was closest to Gu Huai put him on his forearm and put it on his shoulder. Carrying Gu Huai to the house.

Gu Huai has already deployed a personal terminal, and now from this terminal, he has received information about the identity of the two humans sent to him by the Chief of Staff.

With Gu Huai's current mental strength, he can clearly grasp the information he needs by quickly scanning the information, and it is not difficult to forget.

"I invite you two people to come to Tussex as a guest. Originally, I wanted to know the current Earth Federation through both of you. But I know your family through your identity information, and my thoughts have changed." Huai sat in his seat and talked generously and directly to the opposite person about his thoughts.

Gu Huai wants the Zerg to break the status quo of zero diplomacy. There are many old grievances between humans and Zerg, which are not suitable as the first diplomatic object, but this does not prevent Gu Huai from finding a breakthrough point in the relationship in advance.

On the human side, the decision-making level of the Earth Federation is the federal parliament, and the members of the federal parliament are first and foremost the owners of the major families, followed by the excellent people elected from the ordinary class.

The two young human officers in front of Gu Huai belong to two different families in the Earth Federation, and they are still direct in the family.

"I have the idea that the Zerg began to establish diplomacy with other races, even joining the Star Alliance. If this goal can be achieved, then we will one day contact you." Gu Huai sat up straight, the head of the house was Zerg All the top executives are there, and at this time they are not refuting his words.

The members of the Star Alliance are very ethnic. Why does Gu Huai want to let the Zerg join the Star Alliance, mainly because they can get great convenience and benefits after joining, whether in trade or other aspects.

And in the event of any unexpected incident, there will be no assistance.

However, it is not so easy for the Zerg to join the Star Alliance. They are now not a diplomatic object. Whether a race can join the Star Alliance requires a vote by the members of the Star Alliance. It is very difficult to get the majority vote with the status of the Zerg.

Listening to Gu Huai said that the two human generals in these two paragraphs were in a state of sorrow. The Zerg has always been cold and cruel, solitary, and has no communication with other races. It is impossible to join the peace for the purpose. The Star Alliance.

And to say that the race in the interstellar is the most unlikely to establish diplomatic relations with the Zerg, it is estimated that it is human. Now the young people in front of them actually say that the Zerg will also come into contact with humans one day, which makes Shen Mu and Hamer unimaginable.

"If it is really as you said, then what do you want us to do?" Silence for a while, Shen Mu asked.

Gu Huai looked at each other and said calmly: "It is not what you are going to do, just want you to stay in Tusser for a while, let you confirm our ethnic changes through your own eyes."

So when the Zerg and humans arrive at the moment they need to contact, the relationship between the two sides may have a breakthrough.

Zerg change?

Two humans took over their sights. They looked at the young and gentle young man who was sitting opposite them and looked at him. After a moment, he solemnly lowered his head.

After having the king, the Zerg will be led by the other side to what kind of development, they also want to know.



Chapter 28 

Gu Huai's understanding of the Star Alliance came from the inheritance information he received while he was abandoning the planet. Later, when he arrived at Thur Star, Gu Huai was also idle, and the Chief of Staff was told about the specific status of the Star Alliance.

Whether it is the intention to let the Zerg out of zero diplomacy or the idea of ​​joining the Star Alliance, Gu Huai has repeatedly considered it. He did not make his own decisions. Before actually expressing this intention, he asked about the staff. The taller Tusse and the view of Yalves.

The feedback received is that the development of the Zerg in this direction can indeed bring a lot of conveniences and benefits, although it also needs to bear some corresponding responsibilities, and overall it is more convenient.

As for why, before Gu Huai proposed this idea, the entire Zerg has no tendency to contact with the Star Alliance, which has to be said from the Zerg itself.

Because of its own strength, even if it has always remained absolutely independent, the Zerg's self-development has proceeded smoothly.

The Zerg has a cold predatory nature, so in the era of frequent wars of various ethnic groups in the old era, the Zerg can be said to be the most fierce race.

By the new era, some powerful races have jointly formed the Star Alliance, and other races have joined in the following. The Star Alliance has begun to maintain the overall peace of the Stars.

In general, it can be regarded as a new era in the era of peace. Even the Zerg can not arbitrarily launch a war, and suddenly confront the entire Star Alliance. And the Zerg has occupied a lot of planets in the old era. It takes time to build these planets, so it is relatively quiet to develop.

You can develop on your own, and the Zerg has no intention of dealing with other races at all, let alone joining the Star Alliance.

Because of the cold and brutal label that the Zerg has firmly attached to the old era, there is no race in the Stars to try to establish diplomacy with the Zerg. They are always jealous of the Zerg, and they can not provoke it.

If it is not Gu Huai's idea of ​​reaching out to other races, the absolute independence of the Zerg will probably continue.

Gu Huai feels that even a strong race sometimes inevitably encounters disasters or dilemmas. Even in the universe there may be dangerous enemies that have not yet appeared, so they also need allies.

After confirming that diplomatic relations with other ethnic groups and joining the Star Alliance were only beneficial to the Zerg, Gu Huaicai officially made this decision.

At present, most races in the interstellar world think that the Zerg is very dangerous. Gu Huai does not want his Zerg to follow the sci-fi works of his original world. He is always placed in the position of the cosmic villain, and then everyone shouts.

Invited by Gu Huai to be a guest at Tuse Star, although the invitation was semi-mandatory, two human generals have accepted this situation.

In the case of wearing a metal ring, their allowable range of activities is not much different from that of ordinary residents on the map, and they also have access to the terminals of the star network.

Of course, it is limited to browsing, and any other permissions are blocked.

But this is not bad. Shen Mu and Hamer are very content. They are now eager to know what happened outside of Thur Star, especially the current situation of the Earth Federation.

But the results of a star network, see those discussions on the star network, the two of them together petrochemical in place.

[d47 (Nortz Galaxy): From the other side of the Earth Federation, is it true that the Zerg was born? 】

[z571 (Sopa galaxies): The joint army of the four corps of the Zerg is not fake. They have passed our planet and scared us a big jump. 】

[—(Keto Galaxy): The Zerg is not because the humans have taken their king away, but the entire army has been pressed outside the defense circle of the Earth. 】

[yuzi (Solar System): Wow, then we are really innocent, it is not our human thing! It is certainly not human beings to do this, but the Zerg thinks that we are doing it. 】

No, this is really a human thing...

The two human generals screamed in pain and felt bitter about the fact that they might have to be expelled from humanity.

Because the two of them did things, not only did the stars in the interstellar planet be frightened, but the earth was also under the pressure of the Zerg army, and it almost hit it up –

If the inhabitants of these planets and other compatriots on the planet knew that this was the result of both of them, Shen Mu and Hamer felt that they would probably be written into the history textbooks of the Earth Federation in the future.

The one that is specifically written to criticize.

For the Zerg who gave birth to the king, many people in the interstellar group had worries. The split Zerg was unified because of the emergence of the king. The unified Zerg became more dangerous to them.

What is the king of the Zerg, what is estimated to be the most talked about topic on the Internet, and Gu Huai, who was heatedly discussed by the interstellar people, is meeting with the other two heads.

Due to the previous Oolong incident, the first meeting between him and the other two heads of the army was too hasty. Even if he had not had time to say a few words, Gu Huai should now have a good contact.

"Are you still staying in Tuse Star?" Gu Huai whispered, because Kapalia did just that, so he used the word when he asked this sentence.

Because the body is too large, Simodo couldn't sit in the ordinary seat. The violent Zerg Fourth Army leader bowed his head to Gu Huai and said without thinking: "Where are you, Simodo is here. where."

Simodo does not like to think too complicated, because as a zerg has a strong power, he is also used to solve problems rudely.

For example, now that he believes that he must protect Gu Huai, then the corresponding problem is how to protect, and Simodo chooses a very simple and rude way -

Protection is to follow at all times, guarding it all the time, this is the most foolproof protection.

To this end, Siddhartha can give up everything else. He only needs to focus on protecting Gu Huai. Other things are not what he needs to think about.

The eyes of Simodo are also the kind of light gold erects owned by the zerg. At this time, they watched Gu Huai without moving. These eyes somehow made Gu Huai feel a bit like the Tak zerg around him.

Adding the same huge figure to the other side makes Gu Huai feel more like it.

It can be clearly stated that the other party is a card worm.

"Then settle down in Tuse Star." Gu Huai nodded and said.

In the face of Gu Huai's huge body, the Zerg moved his eyes slightly, his body did not move, and he replied with a very indulgent voice: "Simoto listened to your orders."

As long as it is Gu Huai, Simodo will obey, because this loyal and strong, murderous Simodo will be a bit dull in the face of Gu Huai, usually a question-and-answer model.

Gu Huai asked what he answered.

In the side, Ai’s expression was as calm as a lake, his appearance was cold and beautiful, and when he looked at Gu Huai, his eyes were light and floating.

"The subordinates will also settle in Tuse Star." Ai said quietly.

The Zerg is usually dressed in combat-fighting costumes, such as military uniforms, but Ai is the exception. The other is wearing a complex robes. The cuffs and collars of the robes are embroidered with gold-colored dark lines, which seem to have a solemn feeling.

Ai has never been close combat, born in the Isadoro community, he makes full use of the characteristics of the ethnic group, no matter what kind of battle will choose to use the ability to solve.

"Yeah." Gu Huai bent his eyes and he was very happy to see the result.

After completing contact with the other two heads of the army, Gu Huai did not rush to start diplomatic affairs immediately. In the next few days, he confirmed that he had integrated his four military corps and then pulled the chief of staff. The various parties in the interstellar team have studied it once and found out the objects that are easy to establish.

First of all, they should start from their neighbors. Gu Huai looked at the star map and made a circle on a planet next to the star of the planet.

Just as Gu Huai did this, he heard the footsteps coming from behind him.

The footsteps were very light. When Gu Huai turned his head and looked at it, he saw that Arvis stepped quietly toward him.

This footstep is that Yalves intends to let Gu Huai hear, otherwise there will be no sound at all, he just does not want to appear in a silent way.

Yalves walked slowly to the front of Gu Huai, extended his hand to Gu Huai, and then spread his hand and presented the flower that had been imaginary to him in front of Gu Huai.

"The flowers you want." Yalves stated that the handsome face looks very cold.

But this is a flower that is specially taken from the planet of the next galaxies. I am willing to promise Gu Huai to do this thing. It shows that Yalves is not indifferent to Gu Huai.

Gu Huai said that it would be exactly the same as the last time, so Yalves brought back the same pure white flowers as before, and even the shape of the petals was almost identical.

Gu Huai also discovered this. He took the flower from the hand of Yalves and raised his head and said, "In fact, as long as it is the same variety of flowers."

"You told me exactly the same before." Yalves coveted.

Gu Huai couldn't refute it for a time. He was swaying the light gold erects that had fallen down on Yalves, and he felt helpless in some respects about this silver big cat.

But this kind of seriousness is very easy to make people feel cute, although the adjective is wearing a cold military uniform, and the tall, handsome and indifferent silver-haired worms themselves are out of place.

"If there is a next time, it doesn't have to be exactly the same, as long as it grows the same." Gu Huai began to correct what he said.

"Yeah." Yalves was quiet.

After these few days, Gu Huai also discovered one thing, which was between the four heads of the army.

This finding can be summarized as simple as the other three heads of arms have different levels of alert to Yalves.

This is due to the instability of Arvis, Kapaliya they think that Yalves lacks surrender to him and is easy to get out of control, so he maintains a guardful attitude when Yalves approaches him.

"You will lose control and hurt me?" Gu Huai suddenly asked the silver worms standing in front of him.

Yalves licked his lips and the corners of his lips were flattened: "No."

Gu Huai nodded and easily expressed his belief.

"I will protect you before you ask me to leave." Arvis said in a cold voice.

Gu Huai looked at the silver cat who was very obedient in front of his eyes. He didn't want Arvis to get out of control, so Gu Huai thought about it at this time: "That will always protect me."

Hearing this sentence, Yalves's light gold erect suddenly shrank, and he still looked blank, but his side looked like it was slightly tight.

Arvis squinted at the black-haired youth in front of his eyes. After waiting for a while, he again had a single tone: "Well."

Gu Huai thought that the first diplomatic object should start from the neighbors, instead of waiting for him to consider how to pass the friendly signal, the planet he hit a small circle on the star map encountered the next day.

It is a star thief who is familiar with the planet, but this time, the gangsters who came to plunder are not satisfied with robbing the trade ship, but they have put their ideas on the planet.

Because the races that live on this planet are not strong, and the proximity to the Zerg territory, other races are not close.

This is very convenient for Star Pirates. Some Star Thieves gangs robbed a trade ship three and a half times. They used to rush to withdraw and never stay, but they rushed so many times and nothing happened. Their appetite gradually It has grown bigger.

The planet besieged by the Star Thief is the Nom star, and the race that lives on this planet is the Helter.

Although the squad sent a signal to the Star Alliance when it was surrounded by a star-studded ship, the Star Alliance’s peacekeeping forces were not stationed near the Zerg site. It took some time to get there. And their fragile defense will soon be unable to withstand the attack of the Star Thief.

There is no strong race in the neighboring galaxies that can come over to help them. The Zerg does not have to think about it. The Helters automatically give up this hope.

It is not bad for the Zerg to not invade them. How can they expect the Zerg to come to rescue them? I am afraid that I will dream faster.

However, at the airport of Tuse Star, a black Eurasian warship was quietly parked in the sky, and the number was extremely large, forming a group of highly oppressed warships with black pressure.

Although I know that the Zerg is going to rescue, I can watch this incomparably awkward, and the two human generals each smoked their mouths.

According to this battle, let's not say that the stars are scared to death. It is estimated that the residents on the planet will be scared to death. Most of the time, the Zerg will be able to give them both sides.

If you go out like this, you will scare others. Do you know what? ?



Chapter 29 

To rescue, you can't just casually. In a more selfish perspective, Gu Huai does not want to cause casualties in his own Zerg. If you help others to hurt your race, Gu Huai will probably choose to stand by.

"It is very easy to suppress the turmoil in the next galaxies. You don't need any worry." The chief of staff said to Gu Huai, his face was very serious.

After knowing that the neighbors in the next galaxies sent a signal of help to the interstellar parties because of the invasion of the Stars, Gu Huai expressed to Yerves who was next to him whether they could help rescue the neighbors and then appeared. The result is now.

The Chief of Staff did not know the enemy in advance, mainly because the top executives of Tussell knew that the races in the galaxies next to them were very weak. Even the planets that attacked such weak races could not immediately encroach on them. Star Fleet's fleet capabilities are not worthy of their attention.

But even if the Zerg on the Thurs star strategically despise the enemy, the number of Ula warships mobilized in the Tuse Star Airport is still very large.

This is not because they choose to attach importance to the enemy in tactics, but only because Gu Huai will follow the rescue team to the next-door galaxies.

The Zerg did not put the star thief in the eye, but if Gu Huai traveled together, it would be different for them.

First of all, they have to guarantee the absolute safety of their own king, the **** is a must.

Secondly, they can't let their own kings worry about them, so they must solve the enemy in the fastest way.

The last point is... For the Zerg soldiers of the four legions, they all have a similar idea at this time, that is, they want to show themselves in front of their own king.

Although Gu Huai is worried that these things will make these Zerg soldiers happy, on the other hand, they do not want Gu Huai to have any worries.

They hope to see that Gu Huai has always been a smiling expression, so that when they look at it, they will also have the urge to make similar expressions because of joy.

As a result, the size of this rescue force is very exaggerated.

Gu Huai still lacks the concept of the size of this unit. He only thinks that the size of this rescue force is much smaller than that of going to the small planet to find his joint army. Even now, I still have some concerns about my own Zerg.

"The reputation of this star gang is even more fierce than the black sand star thieves. We don't need to mobilize more military power?" Although the chief of staff has told him that it can be easily suppressed, Gu Huai is still cautious.

Before the black sand star robbery group ran to provoke the Zerg star Zerg once, and later unlucky to be hit by the Yula fleet of Thur Star, the result of course is that the Zerg side won.

Now there are several prisoners on the other side who are still in the prison of Tusexing. Gu Huai knew the star thief when he was aware of the life experiences of two human generals.

The star gangs that now appear in the next-door galaxies, according to Gu Huai, are currently the sixth-ranked criminal gang in the interstellar retreat, and the black sand is ranked in the tenth.

"If you want, you can adjust another fleet." The chief of staff pushed the glasses.

Hearing this conversation, the two humans who had slightly smacked their lips because they saw the exaggerated squad of the Zerg rescue team wanted to raise their hands and hold their eyes.

They even got a little bit of the star gang in the next galaxy.

And when it comes to "murderousness", where can there be more fierce than the Zerg in the entire interstellar? ?

The two human generals were silent for a few seconds, and they couldn't speak when they opened their mouths. They had to silently put this sentence in their stomachs.

After the whole army was completed, Gu Huai was still on the Yula warship of Yalves. He touched the ice-cold bulkhead of this Yola and said to it: "We are going to save our neighbors now."

The Eurasian warship responded with a whole bunch of "squeaky" sounds, and the hull was slightly shaken.

Whether it is to take Huai to any place in the universe, this Yula warship is very high-spirited. To be exact, as long as it can carry Gu Huai, this Yula warship is very happy.

The rescue forces on the side of Tuse Star began to set off, and at this time in the next galaxies, the Helters who were struggling under the attack of the Star Wars fleet had become more and more panicked and desperate.

The rescue forces sent by the Star Alliance are still separated from them by several galaxies. Even at full speed, it is impossible to catch up in one day, and they may not be able to defend for a long time now.

They are faced with the Clementine Star Theft Troupe. From time to time, the Star Pirates will aim at the weak and weak planets like them. They will directly make a big vote. After they have captured it, they will start to burn and rob on the planet.

Because the star squad is extremely fast in attacking and evacuating each time, and the fleet has excellent combat effectiveness, the troops sent by Xingmeng have not been able to successfully arrest the star gang, and only the bounty has risen all the way.

If their planet's defenses are really broken, they will end up with the same stars as the Stars.

One of the ships of his own ship was sunk, and the line of defense of the planet was collapsing at a speed visible to the naked eye. The residents of the Nom star were horrified in the sound of the alarm that rang through the planet.

At this moment, apart from prayer, they do not know what else they can do.

But prayer is useless.

"The protective layer has been broken -"

The top decision-makers in the Nom Star Warfare conference room were full of grief, and the protective layer wrapped around the planet disappeared. Then, if these star thieves fired on the planet again, the innocent people on their planet would soon die.

“Is there no race in the neighboring galaxies that is willing to respond to our requests for help?!” said one person in the conference room.

No one in the entire combat conference room responded to the other party's problems, because this is an obvious thing. It is the Krystal Star Theft Group. It is not a race that is willing to help them.

As soon as the protection layer of the planet breaks through, these star thieves are even more arrogant. They don't care about the death and injury of the people on the planet. How much they die and die, as long as they are robbed and happy.

"Continue to fire." The leader of the Star Theft Group commanded and said, "Open a few more shots in the neighborhood, let these ** people know that they should not resist from the beginning."

By investigating the satellites, the decision makers of Nom Star knew the intentions of these star thieves almost immediately.

They watched as the orbital guns on the enemy battleship continued to aim at their planet, and then the beam flashed and the railguns started!

There is nothing more desperate in the world than this.

In this moment that represents the flash of destruction, the ninth of the Nom star is thinking, if anyone can come to rescue them at this time, the other party must be the greatest benefactor of their life - -

But this is impossible, no one can save them.

The orbital guns are launched in outer space, and it takes only a few seconds to reach the planet's ground. When the light is seen in the picture returned by the surveillance satellite, the top decision makers in the Nom Star Warfare Conference Room have chosen to close. Their eyes.

But then, the time passed by one second, two seconds, three seconds...

The scene of the orbital bombing of the planet's ground did not happen. Both the decision makers of Nom Star and the star thieves who launched the railguns were stunned in this unexpected scene and did not immediately react. What is going on?

When they looked closely, they discovered that it was because of a huge defensive matrix between the planet and the Star Wars, and who made this defensive matrix?

In the position where the force field distortion occurred, both people found their answer.

It was an icy, incomparably huge...black Yula warship.

No, not just a ship.

As if it was just a blink of an eye, the horrible Eurasian warship was all over the periphery of the entire Nom star. This icy and terrible group of Yula warships appeared so oppressively in the Nom Star and Star Steal. In the middle, separate the two directly.

Compared with this black-pressed group of Euler warships, the Star Pirates in front of them were suddenly compared as if they were weak and helpless.

The military power of the two sides cannot be compared at all. If you want to describe it, the fleet of these star thieves is like a small ant surrounded by floods, not to mention confrontation. They may not even have the opportunity to struggle.

At this time, although hostile, the people of Nom Star and the reaction of these star thieves are very consistent.

they:"--??!"

The people of Nom Star were completely frightened, attacked by the Star Thieves, and surrounded by so many Yula warships, none of them want it!

Isn't it enough that their planet is invaded by Star Thieves, and now the Zerg will choose the same day to invade them? !

The star thief facing the group of the Eurasian warships will only be more scared than the people of Nom Star. The arrogance of a few seconds ago is almost immediately destroyed, so close to the Zerg of the Zerg The battleship group, this group of fierce star thieves felt scalp tingling for a time.

At this time, Gu Huai stayed at the most central Yula warship. He looked at the star-studded fleet that was incomparably smaller than his own. He could not help but raise his hand and scratch his cheek.

This...the enemy is only the scale of this degree, then is it that they are too big?

With an intuitive contrast, Gu Huai is finally aware of this matter.

Then the flood flooded the ants, and it didn't take much time. The Star Wars fleet, surrounded by the Zerg's Yula warships, was quickly sunk, and they did not even have the chance to escape.

This can't be called a battle at all, but the unilateral crushing of the Zerg.

The people of Nom Star, who watched the scene through the scouting satellite, now watched the group of Eulers who had destroyed the Star Thief for them and adjusted their heads straight to their planet.

The people of Nom Star are full of horror, don’t come over! !

But after the results came close, they received one from the Zerg...

A friendly greeting?

Hello there.

Because of this friendly greeting, the people of Nom Star were shocked by another sense.

It was also until this time that the ** talents living in Nom Star finally reacted to the Zerg to rescue them.

At this time when the Star Alliance’s dispatching forces were unable to come over, this time when other races in the neighboring galaxies were reluctant to assist them –

The Zerg came to rescue them.



Chapter 30 

The Zerg drove the Eurasian warship to save them when their planet was attacked by the Stars.

After the Zerg completely wiped out the group of star thieves, they drove the Yula warship to their doorstep and greeted them with "Hello" -

No matter which of these two things is magical, for the 901 people living on the planet, they thought that the Zerg was so arrogant that they would end up with the star thieves, but I didn't expect them to experience the most incredible things in StarCraft in the next second.

The Zerg greets you and asks you to be afraid?

The ninth on the Nom star said that they are now very flustered, and even the excitement of the rest of the robbery has become scared, but this fright is different from before.

Anyone from the Stars who faces such a large group of Jurassic warships will be scared. This kind of fright is related to fear. At this time, the residents of Nom Star are also scared, but the fear component is not as high as before. .

In any case, the Zerg really saved them from the Star Thief.

Just think of how desperate they were when facing the star-studded ship's orbital gun after the planet's protective layer was broken, and the Zerg image that suddenly appeared in front of their planet, blocked the railgun and annihilated the star-studded gang. How brilliant is it.

Like the heroes who descended from the sky, they were all shining in their eyes.

Once this hundred-layer brilliant filter is added, the horrible image of the Zerg is suddenly blurred.

In the face of the friendly greetings of the Zerg, the top decision makers of Nom Star were trembled, and they had to try to respond to the same friendly signal.

Hello, how are you...?

Such a black-pressed group of Euler warships stopped in front of their planet, and the Helters on the planet were very nervous at this time, for fear that these Yula warships would suddenly fire at them.

But after they sent this friendly signal, on the screen sent back from the surveillance satellite, the top leaders of Nom Star saw the Eurasian warships parked in front of their planet suddenly lit up a blue sky on their planet. light.

At first the only center of the Yula warship did this, but after the light of the ship was lit up, the other Yula warships next to it also followed them to give them a beautiful sky blue light.

Like a bright little star, suddenly there is a sea of ​​stars in front of their planet.

"kacha~"

The Yula warship carrying Gu Huai was found to have a happy expression after the murters of Nom Star responded to them with a friendly signal, so it lit up the sky with a blue sky. light.

The people on this planet made things that make Gu Huai feel happy, so this Yula warship took the initiative to express their friendship.

The other Yula warships did the same thing because they knew about it.

Sky blue, no doubt means goodwill.

Although the Eurasian warships that light up these sky-blue lights look so cold and have a strong sense of oppression, the people of Nom Star are stunned by the beautiful ocean of stars.

The people of Nom Star now suddenly have a very strange feeling, they have the feeling of being visited by neighbors.

Although this neighbor is terrible, but this terrible neighbor has helped the robbers who bullied them without saying anything, then they can't help but visit this neighbor.

Not only welcome, but also welcome.

After the senior decision makers of Nom Star discussed it in the conference room, they finally made the next decision that they might think they were crazy in the eyes of other races.

They lit up the lights on the tower of the airport, and the three crystal beams were entangled with each other and rise vertically, penetrating the atmosphere and reaching the outside of the planet.

This is the most welcoming form of ceremonies that visitors to other planets have shown.

Please ask the Zerg to come to your own home, or drive the Zerg of countless Yula warships. In the current interstellar space, there is absolutely no other race to do.

But as a very weak race in the interstellar space, the Älts now do something that all other races dare not do.

“Is this what we mean to welcome us?” Gu Huai pointed to the crystal beam that broke through the atmosphere of the planet and turned to ask Nevis standing next to him.

This crystal beam is very bright and bright, and Gu Huai saw it at a glance.

Arvis glanced at it lightly, then responded to Gu Huai: "Yeah."

Everyone is afraid and avoids it and is treated with normal welcoming. How can Gu Huai hope that his Zerg can become the latter?

Now they got the first welcome, although it is only this one for the time being, Gu Huai also thinks it is a good development.

Going to a neighbor's home is conducive to enhancing mutual relations, and Gu Huai quickly accepted the invitation of the Helters to their invitation.

The huge black warships gradually appeared in the sky, one after another, and took up the entire sky in a short while.

More than half of these Eurasian warships are of the Destroyer-class specification, and even if they are still, they are very scary, let alone they are still in action.

What is the concept of the Destructor's specification?

The warship's specification grades are divided into five categories, namely, lightweight, voyage, black scorpion, fearless, and destroyer. This is a widely recognized battleship specification in the interstellar.

The Destroyer-class warship represents the highest level of scientific and technological creation in the current interstellar military, except that the Zerg Yula warship belongs to the black technology.

At this time, many people who came out from the door of the house, or looked out from the window sill and looked at the sky, couldn’t help but swallow the mouth. This scene is too big, they are a little slow.

This is the first time that Nom Star's airport has received so many starships. Because the race is weak and the planet is close to the Zerg, there are not many visitors who will visit them.

The air port of the Nom Star Center City is small, and it is impossible to accommodate so many Eula warships. Even if these Eurasian warships have narrowed their specifications to a lightweight exploration ship, this airport can’t be squeezed. .

After Gu Huai came down from the battleship, the other Zerg, such as the Eurasian warship, carrying him also landed on the planet, and used his ability to mimic deformation to minimize his body size.

I don't know how long it has been to use such a ship exploration form. It should have been a destroyer-level specification, or at least it should be a black-class warship. The Yolas seem to be small at this time, so that Gu Huai looks unconsciously. Curved corners.

"Grieved you." Gu Huai gently patted the hull of the Yura battleship in front of him.

For the Zerg, there is no reason to converge the power of possession.

Originally these Euler warships will always appear in their most powerful form, but now they have to reduce the specifications, in a sense, it is a bit wronged.

"Hey!"

"Hey, hey -"

The warm sky blue ship lights are like the eyes of these Yula warships. They light up the color of Gu Huai, just like watching the Gu Huai with the same warm light, showing a very simple love. .

Nom’s top decision-makers have rushed to the airport, and they saw Yalves at a glance.

The four corps leaders of the Zerg are present. Why do they see Yalves first at first sight, mainly because the gas field on the other side is really negligible.

The innate master trait is too prominent, and even if Yalves is only standing still in a cold place, no one can ignore his existence.

For the problem that the airport in the center of the city is not big enough, the members of the Nom Star are a bit anxious and embarrassed.

Their chief diplomat walked up to Arvis and asked in a tentative tone: "The location of this airport is not enough. Some of the warships need to be moved to the airport in the neighboring area. Do you think this is okay?"

Yalves looked at each other with a glance, cold and speechless, just stepping aside and letting the young man who was blocked by him.

The position that Yalves came to is on the left side of Gu Huai, and this position can fully express his attitude.

Arvis has let go of this position. In the eyes of the members of Nom Star, a young man with soft black hair and looks pretty good looks is in front of them.

However, at the first sight of this, the first reaction of Nom’s lawmakers was to sing.

Humanity……?

The high-ranking eager high-minded people looked at the scene and couldn’t help but see a human being standing in the good end of a group of Zerg.

This scene is incredible in the relationship between humans and Zerg.

But before they waited for God, the next picture that happened before their eyes made these Helters completely open their eyes -

They saw the Chief of Staff of the Thur Stars kneeling down in front of the young black-haired youth they thought were human beings. The other person lowered his head and asked, "Why, when do you want to eat? If you feel hungry, please be sure I want to tell my subordinates."

Since the recent experience of letting Gu Huai hungry, the chief of staff has been more closely watched on Gu Huai’s food needs.

He even learned the lesson and put a part of Gu Huai's eggshell powder in another small jar, and of course the Pubano sap is also prepared, ready to let Gu Huai eat.

"Let's be late, it's not hungry now." Gu Huai thought about it.

In view of the observation of the joint army of the four Zerg regiments, the tops of Nom Star did not have any preparations for the presence of the four Zerg leaders, but they were completely unprepared for the appearance of Gu Huai.

The hunters who suffered from star thieves didn't pay attention to what happened to the zerg. They didn't know that the Zerg had born the king, so the impact on the scene was even greater.

In front of them, this young man who looks like a human being from the outside is the king of these Zerg...?

The mind was a bit turning, but the ** people who were present were stuck for a few seconds, so it was hard to let them understand the reality. Their chief diplomat tightened his back, and at this time he rushed forward and said what he had just asked again to Gu Huai.

These ** people are very worried that Gu Huai will be angry because of their negligence, but Gu Huai did not have any dissatisfaction. He just nodded after hearing the question and agreed with a good speech.

However, for the Yula warships that have to move to the neighboring areas because the airport is not in the position, going to other airports means they will be far away from Gu Huai, so this part of the Yula warship shows that they are not willing to go. Emotions.

Intuitive performance of the ship's vibration, the sky blue ship lights on the battleship flashing.

"Hey..."

"There is not a long way to go." Gu Huai touched the ship's light of one of the Yula warships in the past and bowed his eyes and said, "When I return to Tusser, I used to look for you."

Gu Huai’s appeasement makes it easy for these Yula warships to jump. The Yula warship, which was touched by Gu Huai’s ship, slightly vibrated the hull, as if he had slammed the hand of Gu Huai, and then they flashed. The ship lights are steady again.

The Zerg is the benefactor who rescued their planet. Although the heart is nervous, the Helters who took the initiative to send a welcome invitation to the Zerg still want to express their gratitude to the Zerg.

However, their planet is not prosperous, development is even backward, and now it is necessary to entertain a race that is so much stronger than them. These 9000s are inevitably cramped.

"I really appreciate your assistance to our planet. We don't know how to repay this kindness... As you can see, our race is not strong, but if there are any places in the Zerza that need our race, we must I will try my best to help." Thinking about it, the head of the Nom Star Supreme Council can only think of this sentence to express their sincere gratitude.

When Gu Huai chose to rescue Nom Star, he did not think about what to expect from the 9000. But of course he will not dislike the help of his own race. The more allies are, the better, so Gu Huai nodded at this time.

"If you don't mind that our planet is a little behind, we want to entertain you for a few days," said the head of Nom Star.

For their own ethnic weakness and the backward development of the planet, the Helters are a little cramped, but they do not feel inferior. They try their best to give the best hospitality, so there will be no shame.

"I don't mind, I think your planet is very good." Gu Huai saw the flower he was familiar with in the central city of the planet, the kind that Yalves gave him.

"What is this flower?" Gu Huai extended his finger to the white flower not far away. He looked at the short and fat foxes in front of him.

The other party’s chief diplomat immediately replied: “It’s Eleanor’s flower. This flower is a symbol of our city. The streets and alleys can be seen basically. But the most beautiful Eleanor flower is planted in the central courtyard of the city. If you want to watch it, I can take you there later."

In this way, the chief diplomat suddenly remembered one thing and hurriedly added: "But there is a flower in the inner ring of the courtyard. I don't know who is getting bald. If you pass the place, it may affect you. Watching interest."

Bald?

Gu Huai thought of these three words in his heart, and could not help but look at his side of Yalves.

Perceived Gu Huai's line of sight, Yalves hung his eyes, and the cold-faced side of his face seemed to have a slight tension.

The case was solved, it was the big cat of their family.

Found the truth of this matter, Gu Huai silently did not speak.

"Probably because of the meaning of Eleanor's flower, I have recently arrived at Tasang Festival, and many people will go to pick flowers." The diplomat continued.

"What is the meaning?" Gu Huai just asked casually, and then he quickly heard the other's answer -

"Pure lovers."




Chapter 31 

Hearing the meaning of the flower, Gu Huai blinked his eyes and thought that he had got it wrong.

But the result was found to be no, his expression was subtle.

Pure lovers.

Gu Huai thought about the pure white flower that he had placed in the glass cup and placed on the window sill of the room. He had to admit that the flower looks exactly like this.

The color of the flower is pure white and non-scaling, the shape of the petals is beautiful, and it is not as stingy as a rose. It is very soft and beautiful when gently swaying.

At this time, Gu Huai quickly glanced at Yalves, who was walking next to him. The other side's face still had no expression, and he was indifferent and calm.

Yalves seems to have such an expression at any time. Even if the heart is ravaged by the violent destructive desire and the painful feeling of suffering and suffering, he still looks like a slight unaffected appearance.

Because such patience has become accustomed to him, unless the moment of the rational collapse of the maintenance, no one can detect his strangeness before this.

Gu Huai certainly knows that Yalves is not aware of the meaning of this flower. After all, the other party asked him what he spent, but the problem was that he took the flower and later let him save him. The same, this is not a good thing to be considered as a kind of teasing.

It was inconvenient to explain on the road, so Gu Huai just turned to look aside and turned his head to the front. However, in the place where Gu Huai did not see, he did not find that Arvis’s sight was cold and passed through the roadside Eleanor. Flower, then stay on him again.

What is a lover, Yalves does not know what the word refers to, from the meaning of the word, the lover refers to the person who loves.

But Arvis does not quite understand what kind of emotions love in this meaning is.

Compared with other emotionally rich races, the Zerg had inherent lack of affection in nature, and Yalves did not understand these emotions.

Feelings affect intellectual judgment, and he does not need to understand these extra things.

Yalves only thinks that this pure white flower matches Gu Huai.

In a tense mood, the chief diplomat of the Hurt led Gu Huai to a palace. This palace is the place where their ethnicity entertained the distinguished guests. Now only the Zerg stays.

"Welcome to the banquet of our planet, we have not had time to prepare for it. We will postpone it until tomorrow. Please forgive me." The diplomat bowed his head to Gu Huai.

Nom star was still suffering from Starburst aggression a few minutes ago, and the planet was in danger. No one expected that it would be such a development.

To entertain the important guests and benefactors, the welcoming banquets can't be done casually. The top decision makers of Nom Star have discussed it urgently and feel that the delay is better than the rude.

** The Erte was originally a short and fat look, and he was still big and small, and his eyes were big. He asked Gu Huai to always think that he saw the q version of the characters, and there was a strange feeling.

"It doesn't matter." Gu Huai nodded and said that he understood.

"Before that, do you need me to be the guide to take you to the center city of our planet? Or you want to take a break here, please let us know if you need any services." Chief diplomat continued to say cautiously .

Gu Huai looked outside and thought about it: "The guide will not be used."

The implication is that you want to go out on your own, and the diplomats in front of Gu Huai should soon be down: "Okay."

The accompanying Älts left the palace, allowing Gu Huai to communicate directly when there was any need. Other Zerg were also arranged in their respective residences, some in the residence outside the palace.

When there was no outsider in the room, Gu Huai side turned to face Arvis next to him and explained to the other side: "The meaning of the flower... In fact, I don't know, I didn't mean to tease you."

Teasing?

Yalves looked down slightly, and the light golden eyes that were not covered by the straps also hang down, calmly gazing at Gu Huai’s face.

"Wait the next time, you will give me the flowers to pick up." Gu Huai said here, as far as possible, as if nothing had happened.

Let Yalves give him two things to spend on Eleanor. Although it is said that both sides are ignorant of misunderstandings, Gu Huai still wants to look at his own eyes.

Yalves heard that his eyes with cold emotions did not move his eyes. He said quietly with a low voice: "White flowers are very suitable."

Regardless of the meaning of the flower, in terms of the appearance of the flower, Yalves believes that this flower is very suitable for Gu Huai.

Gu Huai thought about the complete meaning of the other party from the short words of Arvis. The other party probably did not care about the meaning of the flower, but simply felt that the flower was suitable for him.

Since the other party didn't care, and didn't feel like being teased, then Gu Huai was relieved.

Gu Huai felt that he would not be a guide. It would be more interesting to watch the planet himself, but he must be guarded when he goes out. In addition to caring for his Tak Zerg, he was also requested by Capalia from the four heads of the army. Pick one as the guards follow.

After the last time Gu Huai was taken to another planet by two human beings, the Zerg who are not good at protection can now say that the care of Gu Huai is more and more strict.

But they don't want Gu Huai to be guarded, so there won't be a lot of guards on the bright side.

For example, they now let Gu Huai choose a guard in the four army chiefs. In fact, the other three heads will still follow.

It is a headache to do this multiple-choice question, because no matter which one is chosen, Gu Huai feels that the other three people will be a bit disappointed.

"Just in Yalves." The line of sight turned around on the four heads of the army. Gu Huai finally made this choice.

Hearing Gu Huai’s answer, Simo was snoring. Although Ai’s expression was quiet, he also slightly frowned, and Kapaliya looked at Arvis coldly.

This is not because of disappointment or anything else. It is because of the three people who have a certain degree of alert to Yalves. If they are a little disappointed because they are not selected by Gu Huai, they will only be expressionless at most.

Gu Huai took the Tektronix around him and went out one step at a time. When Gu Huai almost walked to the door, Kapaliya, who remained in the room, said coldly: "If you hurt the king because of losing control." I won't let you go."

Although the recent situation of Yalves is still stable, Kapaliya cannot ignore the potential danger.

Yalves is still a cold expression, but when he is not facing Gu Huai, his aggression will become obvious.

Yalves squinted at the moment and sneered at the moment: "The premise is that you can do it."

After saying this, Arvis did not care about the three-person reaction, and went out with a blank expression behind Gu Huai.

out of control.

This word made a turn in the heart of Yalves, let him look at the figure of Gu Huai in front, did not choose to keep up, but followed.

There should be no loss of control - there should be uncertainty in the word itself, because to understand this, Arvis is not unresponsive to Kapaliya's words.

However, Yalves has already promised Gu Huai before, he will always protect each other.

Both Shen Mu and Hamer, who accepted the daily task of observing the changes of the Zerg, also arrived at the Nom star. They were allowed to move freely, so they both watched as Arvis was far behind. Gu Huai's back.

This follow-up gaze is like being strongly attracted to want to get close, but keeping distance because of concerns.

When passing by the two, Arvis stepped up and looked at them with indifference and continued to move forward.

The two people who were swept by this cold and oppressive sight were all stiff, and Shen Mu and Hamer knew very well that this is what the other party remembered before they did, and they stopped by to warn them.

Gu Huai went out with a group of Tak Zerg, and more than 20 Tak Zerg people who appeared together were no small shadows for the residents of Nom Star.

People of all races in the Stars know that the Tektrona are the most fierce and brutal ethnic group in the Zerg, especially the low-order Tak zerg are easily irritated, so when they first saw it, they lived in the city of Nom’s central city. The first reaction of the special people is still a little scared.

But for a while, the residents of Nom Star discovered that these Tucker zergs did not attack casually, and they did not hurt anything along the way. Although it lacks wisdom, it does have normal reason.

Gu Huai did not sit on the shoulders of the Tektrones when he went out. He was surrounded by the Tektrones around him, and when he walked to the streets near the central courtyard with these Tucker worms, a ** The special person ran to them.

This 9000 is a little girl who is only about two or three years old. The adult sults are only half of Gu Huai's height. Not to mention the children, a pair of small short legs run extremely hard.

"Thank you for the big worm." The young Guardian said with a milky voice, then squatted down and hung a small garland on a sharp forearm.

The Zerg is the benefactor who saved their planet. Because of the rescue provided by the Zerg, their planet was not robbed by the Star Thief. The parents said this to the little girl, but the parents did not think that their children would do this after listening to his words.

Seeing that this young Helter approached the huge Tak zerg, the other adults not far away couldn’t help but feel nervous about it, but the next picture made them stunned.

The Tucker, whose forearm was hung on this small garland, licked his head, and his scarlet eyes stared at the very young figure in front of his eyes, making a low humming sound from his throat.

This is a cub, this Tak zerg is so judged.

Although these Tak zergs only love the cubs they care for, they are at least a little gentler to other cubs than adults.

The Tak zerg did not seem to be as brutal as the rumors, and the sults who saw this scene could not help but think of it.

Gu Huai is aiming at the central courtyard. The central courtyard of the city is a greenhouse garden with a wide area. Many giant trees have been designed into towering buildings in the garden. A wide variety of beautiful flowers bloom in the building. There are also artificial waterfalls.

This central courtyard can be regarded as a big attraction of Nom Star. Gu Huai entered the inner ring of the courtyard and saw an area of ​​flowers being bald.

It’s really a “bald” in the literal sense. The whole branch is bare and a flower can’t be seen.

Gu Huai looked at these bare branches, somehow, even wanted to laugh.

Obviously he should be a little indirect guilty now, after all, if it is not for him to say exactly the same flowers, these trees will not be so miserable.

Because I knew where Gu Huai went, I was only far following, and Yalves was faintly smacking, and eventually appeared in front of Gu Huai.

When he went to Gu Huai and saw Gu Huai looking at these bare trees and smiling very clearly, the silver-gray tail behind Arvis could not help but shake it.

Noticing the incitement of the silver-gray tail, Gu Huai quickly pressed the corner of his mouth and said, "Not laughing at you."

I thought that the tail of Yalves would be so incited because he was not happy. Gu Huai explained it quickly.

Arvis, who heard this sentence, did not speak. The reason why his tail suddenly moved was because he saw Gu Huai’s smile, and then the tail moved uncontrollably.

Gu Huai remembered one thing at this time. When the Thur Star snowed, he sent a snowflake to Yalves. As a result, he did not expect that Arvis’s reaction was serious, so he promised to go to another place later. When the planet is in, it will send the other flower that will not melt.

There is a small area of ​​flowers in the inner ring of the courtyard that can be taken. Gu Huai walked over and saw that the area was all Eleanor flowers.

I thought about Arvis, and I didn't care about the meaning of flowers anyway. Gu Huai simply picked one, then pulled Yalves' hand and put the flower directly into the other hand: "I promised to send you before." , will not melt the flowers."

The flowers in the palm of my hand were very light, and there was almost no weight. Yalves had not made the action of folding his fingers. He hanged down and asked a question after a moment: "Why... just choose me?"

His protection, there is a danger in itself, and each of the other three officers is a better choice than him.

Gu Huai was so cold that he had to let others look down, but the actual very beautiful light golden eyes, he looked at these eyes and said: "Because I hope you have more time to see the world, If you can make you feel quiet next to me, you will stay with me."

"..." Arvis was silent.

"It’s too late, sorry I didn’t show up soon.” Although the other party’s stabilizer is not their own obligation, Gu Huai still feels that if he can appear earlier, then Arvis does not have to endure so long. pain.

Upon hearing this, Yalves finally slowly gathered his hand with a flower, in order not to hurt this fragile flower, he tried his best to restrain his strength.

In the past, when he endured the pain caused by the devastating wrath and irritability, Yalves actually felt that even if one day his rationality was completely lost, it doesn't matter.

Sometimes he even let himself out of control. When reason disappears, he will not clearly feel the irritability and pain.

Normal people don't want to be mad and try to maintain their senses, but Jarvis doesn't feel that there is anything wrong with being crazy.

Then why do you still have to blindfold your eyes and continue to endure, and Yalves looks at the gentle black eyes of the young man in front of him, and he suddenly finds the answer.

He should have been patient for so long in order to wait for this person to appear.

And after finally waiting, he can no longer let himself out of control, because from this moment, he must protect each other forever.



Chapter 32 

The central courtyard of Nom Star is a place where residents like to come and walk on a daily basis. When walking to another extractable area in the outer ring of the courtyard, Gu Huai glanced at the one that was hanging in one of the Tucker. The small garland on the zerg's sharp forearm, he walked into the area.

The flowers in this area are not Eleanor flowers, but another kind of goose yellow flowers.

When Gu Huai went under the target tree, he just saw a young Helter looking up at a small ball stuck on the branch. Gu Huai easily took the ball down. Turn and hand to the other party: "Give you."

Staying with the Hurts on the Nom star will always give Gu Huai the illusion that his height is simply too good to be good.

But as soon as they face their own Zerg, especially in the face of Yalves, Gu Huai is back to reality.

During this time of drinking eggshell milk, Gu Huai thought that his body in this world could grow a few centimeters higher, but this wish was not realized.

The young Guardian just wanted to say thank you. As a result, he saw the Zerg who came behind him. He immediately changed his expression and said to Gu Huai: "You hurry to hide behind the tree."

The youth who helped him to pick up the ball is obviously human. The relationship between humans and Zerg is not good. This is something that everyone in the Stars knows. This ninth does not want the other person to be injured.

Gu Huai looked at the other person with a puzzled look. Why did he hide?

When Gu Huai thought so, the Yalves and Tucker worms who were not far from him were already close.

Because seeing that Gu Huai was just looking up at the tree, these Tak zergs automatically understood that Gu Huai was interested in the things on the tree, so one of the Tak zerg moved to the front of Gu Huai, and the movement could already be called skillful. Fused the body, put Gu Huai on his forearm and put it on his shoulder.

The young ** people are stunned: "...??"

Gu Huai saw the other person's expression and finally understood the reason. He kindly explained: "I am not human."

The Guardian still couldn't slow down the moment, and Gu Huai had already reached out to pick the flowers on the tree.

Sitting on the shoulders of a Tak zerg, the flowers on the tree are within reach of Gu Huai. After Gu Huai picked up a few flowers, he lowered his head and began to drum.

For a long time, Gu Huai compiled a garland that was barely strong, and then he put the yellow garland on the head of the Tucker who was carrying him.

The Tucker who was put on this garland shrank its scarlet eyes slightly, but did not make a movement to slap the head, but suddenly moved like a fixed body, for fear of getting rid of the garland from the head.

This Tak worm has a low husky snoring to Gu Huai. From its cautious movements, it can be seen that this Tak genus attaches great importance to the garland that Gu Huai gave it.

When I saw the children of the Helters send the garlands, Gu Huai came up with the idea of ​​knitting a garland for each of the Tektronians who cared for him, so he did it now.

"This kind of thing is called a garland. Although it has no substantive effect, it is pretty good..." Speaking of this, Gu Huai squinted at several garlands he had edited and had to change his mouth slightly. "I compiled Not good, it will be very good to read well."

Now every taco genus on the head of Gu Huai has a garland of yellow geese. There is such a garland on the head. The danger of these terrible Tak worms seems to have weakened a bit.

Listening to Gu Huai's words, these Tak worms began to think and try to understand, they may not be able to fully understand Gu Huai's words, but these Tak zergs struggled to think about the meaning of Gu Huai each time, and then responded.

The lower-order Zerg is lacking in wisdom, and their wisdom is significantly different from other Zerg who can advance into the humanoid form.

But this situation does not seem to be completely unchangeable. Like Gu Huai found that the Tektrones around him can now understand more than before.

Although there is still a lack of wisdom in general, it has already improved a bit.

Therefore, Gu Huai always intentionally tells them what something is in the relationship, and he wants these Tak worms to understand more and more things.

After completing the first mental advancement, Gu Huai is now more profligate than he used to, and he comes down from the shoulders of his Tucker, and then stands in front of these Tuckers. Establish a spiritual link.

The spiritual link can play a guiding role. As the king's instinct, Gu Huai Tiansheng knows how to use his power to guide the low-level Zerg.

This is Gu Huai's attempt. He hopes that after the guidance, the low-ranking Zerg will have normal wisdom in the future, and even the possibility of advanced humanoid form.

This matter undoubtedly takes a long time to see the effect, and it may not be successful, but Gu Huai still wants to work hard, from now on.

Receiving spiritual links, for these Tuckers, it is equal to Gu Huai calling them.

The cubs who were being guarded called, and although the cubs did not say anything, these Tucker worms are still watching Gu Huai very seriously, and the cold scarlet scorpion is staring closely.

"Okay." In the scope of his ability, he built a spiritual link that lasted for a few minutes. Gu Huai shrouded the Tak Zerg around him in his spiritual realm. When he was over, he bent his mouth and pointed at the Tucker. nod.

It is not clear what Gu Huai did, but these Tucker worms still responded.

"Then let's go back." It was almost out of the way, and Gu Huai turned his head to Arvis, who was quietly beside him.

Yalves was slightly dagger, his expression was cold but he clearly showed a submissive attitude.

With more than half of the height difference, Gu Huai compared himself to the height of Yalves and couldn't help but sigh.

Why is he not so high?

"Why sigh?" Arvis asked with a narrow eye.

"This..." Gu Huai tangled a bit, it is really embarrassing to say the reason, but so as not to let the big cat misunderstand what is in front of him, Gu Huai thought about it or tell the truth, "because I also imagine you are so high, But it is impossible to grow taller, it is a little disappointing."

When Gu Huai finished, he raised his hand and pinched his ear. Whenever he felt embarrassed, the tip of his ear would be a little red.

And Arvis, who was in front of him, didn’t say anything immediately, just moved the silver-gray tail behind him to him. Gu Huai thought he was going to be surrounded by this tail, but he didn’t expect a god, he was passive. Sit on the cold tail.

Gu Huai’s side sat on the ground and did not react. This is what happened. This silver-gray tail was lifted up by its owner, so Gu Huai’s line of sight surpassed Yalves’s. Over the top of the head.

"It's higher than me." Arvis said, moving his tail back, and then heading back.

The progress of Yalves's progress is very calm, unhappy or slow, even when facing the enemy.

This kind of pace inadvertently makes people feel a sense of arrogance and danger, but when the silver-gray tail behind the other person sits alone, the dangerous feeling is forced to dissipate.

Others touched the silver-gray tail that would kill, and Gu Huai is now sitting on the top.

At the beginning, Gu Huai still stunned and did not respond, and he was able to return to God in a few steps after being carried.

The way this big cat came up with this way to make him "grow high" is too cute...

Yalves is very obedient to him, Gu Huai can clearly feel this, and because Yalves is really obedient in front of him, when he is obviously unhappy because of certain things, even I can't help but take the initiative to take a trip.

Like Yalves now carrying his tail, Gu Huai thought about the serious attitude of the other party to do this thing, and he sat still and left, letting the other party carry him back.

When Gu Huai was carried back like this, Shen Mu and Hamer, who had just returned to the palace, were silent on the picture they saw. This time, Arvis ignored them and walked by.

The welcoming banquet for the Zerg was very grand. At the end of this welcoming banquet, Gu Huai officially and the leaders of the Helters concluded a friendly covenant between the two races.

The Zerg gained the first diplomacy in the interstellar.

In the meantime, nothing happened in the interstellar space. For example, in the middle of the night, there was another small-scale star squad that ran to Nom.

This star-studded group was the news that the Nom star was attacked and invaded by the Clementine Star Theft Group. They wanted to share a piece of cake or a leaky idea. As a result, they just came out and wanted to do something. The Yula warship was scared to death and then ruthlessly annihilated.

The rescue forces of the Star Alliance finally came late, and as a result, they came to the vicinity of Nom’s star and found that the planet seemed to have nothing to happen. There was no such thing as a star thief.

The planet's protective layer is also open normally, not like the aggression.

Or, the Star Pirates have already completed the capture, and now they have occupied the inside of the planet?

If this is the case, then their rescue forces cannot easily go deeper, or they will be wiped out if they are not careful.

In order to think about how to serve the Zerg, the top decision-makers of the Helters did not have time to think of anything else. Until the rescue forces of the Star Alliance came, they remembered that they had forgotten to withdraw their assistance to the Star Alliance.

At this time, there are also many ethnic groups on the Internet who are talking about whether Nom Star has been occupied by Star Thieves.

Star gangs have always been troubled by the people of all races in the interstellar race. The powerful races say that for the lesser races in the interstellar space, these star thieves who are looking for targets to plunder are like a shadow on the top of the head, let them I need to worry about it from time to time.

[--(Upalz Galaxy): With the garrison power of Nom Star, it is sure that the rescue forces that failed to support the Star Alliance will rush over, and now most of them are robbed by the Star Thieves, or directly occupied by the planet. 】

[--(Ketuo Galaxy): The ** Erte people also asked for help from neighboring galaxies. No one is willing to rescue. 】

[--(Esso Galaxy): Nom star is not a developed planet, they can't get any big benefit from rescue, and they encounter the Clive Fantasy Group, which race will be willing to be in this situation. Going to help them, no one is willing to go is normal. 】

The discussion on the star network fell, but at this time, a comment from the Pandora galaxy, the galaxies in which the Nom star is located, made everyone who brushed the star network stunned.

[kk (Pandora Galaxy): The Zerg came to rescue us, they are now on our planet. 】

Guest?

Dreaming?-? ?

The StarCraft people who brushed this comment on the star network were one million unbelievers. They even thought that someone had specifically ran to the Pandora Galaxy and then made this false statement.

First of all, the Zerg will be willing to provide relief. It is no longer possible. It is even more outrageous to be a guest. Nowadays, people want to make up false remarks and take care of them.

No one took this statement seriously until the Star Alliance received the message from the leader of the Helter, and this statement was confirmed.

The confirmation of this statement, like a huge stone breaking into the water, immediately caused a great uproar in the entire interstellar.



Chapter 33 

The star network was full of excitement.

Of course, in this highly developed interstellar era, the interstellar network will not collapse, but in a very short period of time, the number of simultaneous online users of the star network suddenly increased and the number of page views reached a considerable peak.

If the Helters suffer from the aggression of the Stars, only a small group of people in the interstellar group are watching, and now they are involved in the Zerg rescue. The people who follow are growing suddenly. Everyone in the Stars has almost every race. How many things have been heard.

At the beginning, even though this statement was confirmed by the side of the Star Alliance, many people still did not believe it immediately. Until then, someone specially collected relevant information and published some known information on the star network. The Zerg went to rescue the ** This special thing was completely confirmed.

So at this time in the interstellar, many people living on different planets are an incredible look, staring at the star network in a strange mood.

The ruthlessness and brutality of the Zerg are imprinted in the nature of the race. They lack emotions, so all kinds of behaviors are very cold.

Not to mention the outside world, even the inside is indifferent. Under such preconditions, it is as strange as the Zerg to take the initiative to rescue the Helters.

[--(Upalz Galaxy): It is true! I heard the news here, the Krystal Star Theft Troupe was completely smashed by the Zerg’s Yula Fleet, and none of the warships escaped. All of them were sunk by the Zerg’s Yula warship! ! 】

[siva (Sopa galaxies): Not only the Clementine Stars, but also a small star thief group that has been smashed up and is solved by the Zerg.]

[--(Danjia Galaxy): Why are the Zerg going to rescue, is it that the Zerg now puts nearby galaxies into the site, so it is not allowed to pass the Stars? But the hunters also said that the Zerg is a guest on their planet...]

The discussion on the Internet has been raging, and at this time, a critique of the angle appears in the eyes of the people of the interstellar people.

[--(Esso Galaxy): Maybe... Zerg is more overbearing, don't give others their neighbors? I want to move only the ones they can move. 】

This comment has left many people in silence, but they think about it and think it seems that there is no such possibility.

Regardless of what people in other ethnic groups in the interstellar world think now, Gu Huai has already established diplomatic ties with the 9000s, and has also opened up exchanges between the two sides.

When it comes to trade, because of soil problems, the planet's food needs have been solved by transporting it from several other planets in the galaxy.

But in the case of guaranteeing the supply of the planet, it is not easy to meet the food demand of Tusestar, and it is not easy for several planets next to the Tuse star. Therefore, the Tuse star has to be a little farther away from the army. Transfer of food and materials in the territory.

Now, with the establishment of diplomatic relations with the 9000 people, Tusestar can import this material from the Nom star of the nearby galaxies, which will make it easier to solve the food demand problem of the planet.

In order to thank the Zerg for the rescue of the Nom star, the Helters sent a lot of valuable things to the Zerg. When the two sides made a covenant, the leaders of the Helters also planned to sign it, but on the covenant. The last addition of the special agreement allowed the top decision makers of Nom Star to take a second.

[Agreement x: In every "StarCraft's cutest creature selection" from now on, the ** erte people should vote for "Gu Huai". 】

Nom Star’s top decision makers: “...???”

Gu Huai looked at the change of the expression of the Guardian opposite him. At this moment, he raised his hand and blinked his eyes silently, and his mood was quite helpless.

How should the Covenant be settled, and what kind of agreement should be made? Gu Huai is not good at this matter. Of course, he will not do it himself because of Wang’s identity. Instead, he chooses to give this matter to him. The chief of staff and the head of the army who are good at this.

Gu Huai is learning by the side, and everything will never go to the meeting. In order to influence the race in the future without the identity of the king, Gu Huai tries his best to touch more things that need to be mastered in all aspects.

He looked at the agreement he had made on his side, and it was normal from the beginning to the bottom of the pen. When he saw the last special additional agreement, Gu Huai could not help but smack his mouth.

Gu Huai did not know why his Zerg was so obsessed with this matter. He was trying to dispel their thoughts and slowly said: "The last agreement is still not needed..."

However, when the words were just spoken, Gu Huai faced the silent gaze of all the Zerg around.

For these Zerg, they should all unconditionally obey the requirements of Gu Huai. No matter what Gu Huai wants, as long as Gu Huai speaks to them, they will try their best to do it.

But when there is something that you want to stick to, they will look like Gu Huai, and they will express their hope that Gu Huai can change their mouth.

And Gu Huai was so glanced at his own Zerg, he was silent, not long after compromised: "...just let me."

After Gu Huai finished this, he quickly realized that the Zerg around him had a little more happiness, and he did not know what to think for a while.

Although the last special agreement was a bit embarrassing, the leader of the 9000 was soon signed the covenant, and the voting agreement was officially recorded in the friendly covenant between the two races.

As observers, they watched the two human generals of this series of developments, and this last agreement was also paralyzed.

StarCraft's cutest creature selection...What?

How can every word and word of this agreement be understood and combined to make them confused? ?

Shen Mu and Hamer are also aware of this high recognition in the interstellar, but their lives are so ups and downs, and there is still a mood to pay attention to this thing.

When they rushed to the Star Network to see it, they discovered that this year's "10th StarCraft's Cutest Bio-Selection" has ended. The results of the selection are announced on the official website of the Star Alliance Association.

Gu Huai watched as the two humans opened next to him. He didn't want to see the second time. Every time he remembered, he felt the page of public execution.

[The 10th StarCraft's Cutest Bio-Selection]

First place: Gu Huai

Second place: Pach

Third place: Ellisron

......

......

Is Pach not the first place? ?

Seeing the first result of this selection, Shen Mu and Hammer did not immediately go to see what was sitting in the first place. They were surprised because they saw Pach in the second place. .

As a creature that has won this championship for three consecutive years, although he can't describe it as a popular interstellar, it is popular among families of most races in the interstellar.

How popular is Pacchi in the interstellar, even Shen Mu and Hammer are aware, how can this be squeezed to the second place?

When the two moved their eyes up and saw the word "Gu Huai" written in the first place, their mind suddenly crashed for a few seconds.

and many more--

"Gu Huai" is...

"Gu Huai" seems to be...? ?

"It's me." Seeing that the faces of the two people are more and more like the palette, Gu Huai tried to open his mouth as calmly as possible.

Shen Mu, Hamer: "..."

The amount of information is too large, and two people can't speak for a long time.

I couldn't help but know the truth of the matter. Shen Mu and Hammer went along and searched the people on the search star for their opinions on the results of the selection. They saw a bunch of remarks that made them feel scalp.

[What biological species is Gu Huai, is it really cuter than Paige? I want to raise...]

[How can I search for any relevant information? I want to see what Gu Huai looks like. Does anyone know how to have a Guhuai cute? ? 】

[This year, my family is finally willing to let me raise a little cute. Elis Long is a Star-level first-class protection creature. I can’t raise it. I originally planned to raise only Paqi. Now I want to raise only Huaihua. I hope Gu Huai Unlike the Elisron, it is a conservation creature. 】

No... you really can't afford it.

The faces of the two human generals were blue and purple, and both of them felt a little stomach pain.

This is not at all the interstellar level of protection of biological energy, but this is the only one in the entire interstellar, the precious things protected by the entire Zerg -

For the Zerg, this is their most precious and important treasure.

Shen Mu and Hamer have no doubt, but the young black-haired youth in front of them are a little injured, and the group of Zerg who is cold with a face guarding the other side will be angry on the spot.

Not to mention that it is injured, if Gu Huai shows sadness and sadness, this group of Zerg will become very violent, to see who is not pleasing to the eye.

Just ask who can survive this kind of existence?

Even if you can afford it, don’t dare to raise it!

It’s not long before the two human generals have just had a stomachache, because this agreement must be completed by all the ninth people on the Nom star, and the senior decision makers of Nom Star will turn things about this agreement. Residents on the planet announced.

The people of the entire planet know the content of this agreement, and the part of Nom’s star has been concerned about this selection, and the Helters who are uncomfortable with the results of the selection are now deeply silent. They can’t help but take this. Silent sharing to the star network.

[--(Pandora Galaxy·Norm Star): Do you know that the king of the Zerg... the name is Gu Huai. 】

This is a precise positioning, the position is directly accurate to the planet, and the dynamic is undoubtedly the 9000.

The king of the Zerg was born to be the focus of the various ethnic groups in the interstellar. Now, the name of the king is heard. The various ethnic groups who are browsing the star network have a 12-point spirit.

But how is the name "Gu Huai" a bit familiar...?

Soon, some people soon recalled the starcest creature selection, they repeated almost the same move with the two human generals, and then all fell into a long silence.

"Gu Huai" is the king of the Zerg.

At this time, I watched the "Gu Huai" in the tenth StarCraft's cutest creature selection, which surpassed Pach, and steadily ranked first. The original star-studded network seemed to be quiet for a while.

So, this year's StarCraft's cutest creature selection champion is... the king of the Zerg? ?

The mood of the various interstellar people who discovered this became extremely messy.

Imagine that the Zerg of the four legions might have united together to vote for this election. The Star People who are browsing the Star Network suddenly lost their voices.

Now they also see a new dynamic from Nom Star. The Zerg and the Helters have established diplomatic relations. There is a special agreement that requires the Helters to vote for their king in each subsequent election.

Compared with the shock of the Zerg and the establishment of this thing, the first thoughts of the interstellar people at this time turned out to be...

This group of Zerg is all the poison of their king -? ? !



Chapter 34 

In the era of a general era of peace, the entertainment industry in the interstellar world has certainly developed better and better. Except for the Zerg who does not pay much attention to spiritual and material enjoyment, most races in the interstellar pursuit of entertainment.

If there is demand, there will be development. When Gu Huai understands the current overall situation of the interstellar, he also has an understanding of this aspect.

Then Gu Huai discovered that he had some kind of entertainment in the world. He was also in the highly developed interstellar world in front of him, and the form of the pattern would only be more colorful.

TV dramas and movies are all there, and they are upgraded compared to the original world, and can be shown in holographic form. Therefore, in the interstellar, actors, singers, idol stars and other races of all races will not be lacking.

Games and socializing can all be done with holographic devices. For example, the Star Network, in addition to text chat, can also enter the "face-to-face" socialization of the virtual world constructed by holography through the device, which is very convenient.

Therefore, when the idea that the Zerg may all be the poison of their king, the mood of the various interstellar people who are active on the star network has only a long ellipsis.

The poisons of other people's homes are mostly on the star network, picking up and picking up things, and the things that can be done are still relatively limited, but if the Zerg is poisonous only their king, then this feeling is not a scale.

[—(Tailan Galaxy): Oh... it’s awful, I think I just said on the star network a few days ago that the result of this selection is definitely fake, there can’t be more cute creatures than Pach in the interstellar, then I This dynamic has been forwarded millions of times... Can I still delete the dynamics now? ? ? 】

[Buto (Sochi Galaxy): You are finished, not saved, next one]

[dz310 (Palan Galaxy): Can't save, give up. 】

[—(Nortz Galaxy): At? The Yula warship warned. 】

Behind it was a row of neat "Yura warship warnings". At this time, two humans far away from Nom Star sneak a glance at the star network, and then moved their sights to see the cold-spotted Zerg around them, silently praying for these Zerg. Don't pay too much attention to the star network.

According to the observations of Shen Mu and Hamer, the two of them felt that because some people said that Gu Huai was not cute, he drove the Yula warship to the door of someone else's house. This group of Zerg was not able to do it.

Although not chasing stars, the two human generals who used to live on Earth probably know what it means to be poisonous. It is very appropriate to put this word in this group of Zerg who is completely determined by the will of the king.

The group of zergs in front of them is probably the ultimate form of poison.

As a party, Gu Huai can only deceive himself into the state of the special agreement in the Friendship Covenant when he did not see it.

To tell the truth, there is a sense of shame that is like being punished publicly, but Gu Huai is still able to maintain a normal expression.

What can he do?

If Gu Huai’s pre-existing attitude calls for the withdrawal of the last special agreement, his request can be fulfilled, but Gu Huai does not want to let his Zerg disappointed because of this kind of thing.

So in the end it can only be the result of the present.

This year's star of the world's most lovable creatures, the king of the Zerg, the star-selling people on the star network is just a face-lifting, and for the merchants who publish the surrounding with this selection as the wind, they are bald.

I used to be a bald person who didn't know what kind of biological species Gu Huai was. Now I don't know if they know it.

How are they released around this neighborhood...?

Not to mention that the Zerg has not released the images of their kings, even if they are announced, they will not dare to make money by this!

If the first place is not issued, and the second and third places are issued, they do not know whether the Zerg will be dissatisfied with them, and they are really worried about baldness.

The establishment of the Zerg and the Hurts and the conclusion of the Friendship Covenant soon spread throughout the interstellar, and the races scattered in the various galaxies are currently alarming.

The cruel and cruel image of the Zerg remains in their impressions, and the willingness to establish a relationship with a certain race is really unbelievable.

And back ten thousand steps said that even if the Zerg is willing to establish diplomatic relations with any ethnic group, how can the first object of establishing diplomatic relations be a **?

The ** lts are a weak race. The development of their ethnic planetary civilization is not in the interstellar. There is no prominent place in technology or other aspects. Even rare resources on the planet can be exported. .

For the more powerful races in the interstellar, they don't necessarily deal with such weak races.

A considerable number of people have speculated that the covenant signed by Zerg and the Helter may be of a crushing nature. For example, there may be any unequal agreement in the covenant, and the Helters have to agree to sign.

But when such a speculative remark came out, there was nothing to say on the Zerg side. Instead, the Zeltes were not happy.

Although they still have a little residual fear for the powerful neighbor of the Zerg, they must be grateful for more. The Helters are not willing to see the Zerg being unscrupulous.

[Rich (Pandora Galaxy): We have not signed an unequal agreement, the Zerg really wants to squeeze our words, there is no need for us to sign an unequal agreement, they have the ability to directly occupy our planet. 】

[edo (Pandora Galaxy): We are very grateful to the Zerg rescue, they are the benefactors of our Guardians. 】

[--(Pandora Galaxy): The Zerg is very friendly to us! ! 】

The word "friendly" is magical on the Zerg, but in the two or three months after the Zerg returned to Thursin on the planet of the Helter, the interstellar people who watched the development of the two races Looking at the normal exchanges between the Helters and the Zerg, it is almost a harmonious neighbor.

And people of the interstellar family have found that the Zerg really does not give others their neighbors.

After this time the diplomatic relations were completed, when the star-studded group of such weak races, who were unable to wait for the assistance of the Star Alliance, tried to rush to the other two neighbors of the Zerg, these star-studded groups were all sent by the Zerg. The Yula battleship group was solved.

So for the neighbors of the Zerg, they were originally because of the weak ethnicity, no other planet to live in, they had to live in the dangerous "seismic zone" with the Zerg as a neighbor.

But now, this "seismic zone" has suddenly become a place where the safety factor in the interstellar can be ranked at the top of the list -

The Zerg not only does not do anything to them, but also protects them from the threat of star thieves. Now the galaxies adjacent to the Zerg site have no star thieves to dare to come to the door.

This situation makes some of the same forces in the Stars weaker, and the races that worry about the Stars stealing and looting are a bit sour.

[--(Nortz Galaxy): Is the Zerg so friendly to the neighbors... We also want a neighbor who is such an overbearing, envious. 】

[Otto (Ricchi Galaxy): Our planet will be harassed by Star Thief every three and five times. It really can't stand it. Is there a livable planet in the Pandora Galaxy? I really want our race to move over. Although it is expensive to buy a planet, it will be better to stay here than in the long run... I don’t know if the Zerg is moving. What is the attitude of the neighbors in the past. 】

[--(Saffin Galaxy): I also hope that our race will move in the past. The Helters and Kewei and Horne all say that the Zerg is friendly to them. Then I feel that the Zerg should not be so terrible. 】

After a series of recent events, unconsciously, the image of the Zerg in the hearts of interstellar people began to have some subtle hidden changes.

The three races as Zerg neighbors really did not expect that they would have a day that was envied by other races.

People of these races didn't say that before. These races used to sympathize with them, but now they all admire them.

With the precedent of the Guardian, Gu Huai quickly completed the establishment of diplomatic relations between the other two neighbors and the Zerg during this time.

This time it was not Gu Huai’s initiative, but the two neighbors raised their courage and tried to make a good move on the Zerg side.

Therefore, the number of diplomats owned by the Zerg changed from 1 to 3. It was said that there was no problem with doubling growth, and Gu Huai nodded with satisfaction.

Keep up the good work!

People of certain ethnic groups in the interstellar network expressed on the star network that they want to move to the neighboring galaxies of the Zerg. This is really not just to talk about it. There are several ethnic high-level decision makers who really hold meetings to discuss this matter.

However, before they negotiated a result, Tusestar received a private communication.

The newsletter comes from a goblin businessman called Chiata, who is the largest brand of merchants around the StarCrafts around the year, and the newsletter is connected by the Chief of Staff.

"Honor, Chief of Staff, I want to ask you something." The goblin businessman who holds a large consortium looks very cautious, with a warm smile on his face when facing the guests and collaborators.

In exchange for the previous, Chiata is not going to heat up to contact the Zerg, but the recent performance of the Zerg gives him the courage to test.

When the chief of staff responded to his look, the green-skinned goblin merchant quickly piled up with a smile: "This is the case. Regarding the most cute creature selection in the interstellar, my company will publish the first place every year with the first object of the selection. The first place this year is the Zerg distinguished king. I wonder if the Majesty is willing to let us issue related products related to him?"

Before Chiaita negotiated with the top officials in the company, they were afraid of offending the Zerg regardless of whether they were issued or not. The best way was to ask the Lord for willingness.

"The surrounding goods are, for example, making a small villain like this." Chiata said, taking out a mini version of the villain with their own image of the ordinary Zerg, which is probably only the size of a palm.

When the chief of staff who was cold-faced to face the communication image saw the small villain, the line of sight paused.

If it is made by the king of the family, such a villain...

Little, with black hair and black eyes, smiling king.

Slightly imagined, all the Zerg in the Tuse Star conference room looked at it.

At the moment, the chief of staff pushed the glasses without changing the color: "This thing, I need to ask your majesty to reply to you."

Chiata expressed understanding and said that he was very much looking forward to replying before ending the newsletter.

When the communication image was over, the Zerg Star conference room was all the Zerg all brushed their eyes on the chief of staff and silently expressed their thoughts.

"I will try my best, but I suggest that you go with me to see you." Although this should not be, the Chief of Staff found out how to better convince Gu Huai.

The attitude of the king to them is not cold, but rather gentle. This gentleness is very strange and rare in the Zerg, but it makes them very happy and happy.

So that they can't imagine how sad they would be if they faced an indifferent king one day.

Even if the king is cold to them, they will still obey as they are now, but there will be no more happiness.

They will treat their king gently, let them have more and more love under the instinctive surrender, so they also hope that Gu Huai can get the best of everything.

At this time, Gu Huai was staying in the house of Yalves to learn about the changes in the Zerg's recent perceptions of people of other races through the Star Network. Although the changes are limited, it is still progressing.

The most obvious change in perception is undoubtedly their three neighbors. These three races are now stable ally of the Zerg, and their speech has an impact on other interstellar races.

Before living in the palace on the planet of the Heltes, Gu Huai felt that he had refused the decision of his zerg to build a palace for him. It was too time-consuming and labor-intensive to build a palace, and Gu Huai felt that he would live. It is very comfortable in this mansion.

Just as Gu Huai thought so, the Zerg who came from the military conference room came to him.

"?" How do you feel that you want to say something to him? Gu Huai cast a doubtful question on the chief of staff.

The Chief of Staff is very officially standing in front of Gu Huai in front of this matter. The attitude is very solemn: "It is about a business wanting to issue your surrounding goods, and the subordinates will ask for your opinion. The merchant is ready to issue similar information. Such a small villain, do you agree?"

The image of the pocket villain was intercepted by the chief of staff in the newsletter, and is now placed in front of Gu Huai.

It was a q version of the villain puppet, Gu Huai looked into a few seconds of silence.

This is the name of the most cute creature in the interstellar, to be issued to the entire interstellar, what is the degree of public punishment? ?

Gu Huai looked at the chief of staff in front of him, and the other Zerg who looked at him together and he actually understood: "You want me to agree..."

From the eyes of these Zerg, Gu Huai can almost accurately read the word "want". Gu Huai persisted for a few seconds, and finally gave up and blinked his eyes: "...I can agree, but I want to talk to them about profit sharing."

Since there is no way to refuse, Gu Huai can only consider how to maximize the benefits.

It is necessary to use his image to produce the surrounding goods. Now that the other party has taken the initiative to seek consent, it is reasonable and reasonable for them to ask for the division.

Gu Huai gave this matter to the chief of staff to deal with it, and it didn't take long for the q version of the villain based on his image to be released.

The circulation of this periphery was not very much at first, because the merchants considered the sales problem, they felt that the sales of the dolls of this q version of the villain must not be comparable to the past years of Paige.

After all, Gu Huai’s votes are cast by the Zerg, and the Zerg will not necessarily buy their surroundings, while other races have limited purchases of passersby...

But when the surrounding real release, the merchants found out how wrong they were, and the first batch of hangouts were sold in less than a second!

The purchasing power of the Zerg is not to be said. Some people in other races in the Stars have bought it because of the curious Zerg king.

Then when they received a black-haired little man puppet, they couldn’t help but think...

The king of the Zerg, seems to be a little cute?

The reaction of the Zerg side is even greater.

Because the number of peripherals sold in the first wholesale market is small, the Zerg can be snapped up. At this moment, in the conference room of the Tuse Star Military Department, a group of Tuse high-rises sit around the black stone long table, one by one. Looking at the face, I was seriously watching the center of the table with an indescribable expression.

The item placed on the conference table was a dark-skinned q version of the villain, and the higher Zerg sitting around the table had been staring at the villale for half an hour.

The reduced version of the king, so cute -

Looking at it, the Zerg sitting around the table showed a little breathing difficulty. They turned their backs and tried to breathe a few mouthfuls, then went back and stared at the little man.

I haven't seen Gu Huai's real cub form, which has always made these Zerg feel very regrettable. Although this villain is not a cub, but a miniature version of the adult shape, it is already very cute.

Gu Huai looked at it, and the small villain with his q version of the image was not held by many Zerg at the beginning, but it was not long before it was fast.

Fortunately, these Zerg people did not want to let the small villain dust, most of the Zerg did not carry the little man with him, Gu Huai still had some comfort.

Seeing some Zerg feel and hug the Gu version of the q version of the villain, Yalves slightly dangled his eyes, a look on the face that is difficult to see through, a little subtle low pressure around.

He didn't quite know what emotion he was now, but under the guidance of emotions, Arvis went to Gu Huai.

Gu Huaigang only had time to look up and did not say anything. He was suddenly surrounded by a cold silver-gray tail in his eyes, and then hugged into his arms.

This is possessiveness, and there is an exclusive desire, which is the emotion that will be produced for those who love it.

Yalves did not understand, but the instinct still allowed him to react.



Chapter 35 

Gu Huai, who was suddenly so hugged, didn't react at all. When he returned to God, he subconsciously struggled, but the result was tighter by the silver-gray tail.

Because Gu Huai’s point was slightly motivated, the instinct that Yalves was stimulated by possessiveness was spurred more clearly.

This is a very clear emotion, and it will suddenly make the heart's agitation stronger and stronger, and produce some kind of direct desire.

Normally, it should be uncomfortable to be embraced by a same-sex, but it is probably because Yalves’s performance has always been too straightforward in the eyes of Gu Huai, and he is always very meek and obedient in front of him. So that Gu Huai can't afford to live up to him.

When one is willing to let another person close, this actually shows that the latter has the opportunity to touch the opponent's inner defense.

If you are consciously pursuing someone, you should be aware of this.

It is very difficult for Arvis to realize this without any theoretical understanding. Only because of instinct, even if he does not understand these things, he will continue to approach Gu Huai in the unconscious until he touches. The heart of the other party.

Gu Huai did not know why Yalves suddenly made this behavior. He was so caught off guard that the sideline now just saw the clear jaw line of the other side.

This mandibular line is slightly tight, extending all the way to the other side of the other side of the state, so that Gu Huai responded that Arvis seems to be a bit because of something... unhappy?

I don't know if this can be considered an unhappy mood.

It was close but it seemed to be different. When Gu Huai was on the pair of shallow gold squats that looked down at him, he saw that Arvis immediately snorted because of his sight.

This is really too...

This silver big cat seems to be being bullied. Gu Huai does not know where he is coming from.

But this feeling is so strong that when Gu Huai is pushing the other side against the light golden eyes, the first act he subconsciously does is to raise his hand and touch Yalves. hair.

Yalves was so indifferent that there was no swaying light at this moment. Like the fireworks that were blown by the unintentional wind, his dawn was almost uncontrollably swaying.

Gu Huai thought that this was a soothing nature. In fact, he always easily shakes the inner world of Yalves. Every time he greets and does not hit the ground, then he has no self-awareness.

Because of the obedience to Gu Huai, after Yalves was touched by Gu Huai, he continued to circle the other side for a few seconds, and finally released his tail slightly.

Gu Huai could finally step back and pull the distance between the two sides. Before he spoke, he observed Yalves in front of him. The expression on the other side’s face was still unpredictable. So Gu Huai After observing, I can only test the guess: "Because I didn't buy the villain, I am not happy...?"

It is also impossible to blame Huaihui for guessing this, because in the past some time, he saw some Zerg around him because he did not buy the q version of the villain and was not happy.

"No." The voice of Yalves was low.

"That is because of what?" Guess could not guess the reason, Gu Huai simply asked.

"..." Arvis was silent. He didn't understand what his current mood was because of it, so he couldn't answer Gu Huai's question.

But after a brief silence, Yalves coveted the young black-eyed man in front of him. He said in a statement: "I don't want to see other people touch the villain."

This is an idea, not a root cause, and the idea of ​​Yalves is clearer and should be replaced by: "I don't want to see other people coming into contact with you."

Both sentences are very cold, and Yalves simply states his inner thoughts.

However, such a statement is undoubtedly very frank, and Gu Huai could not help but be stunned when he was gazing at the light gold erects that were cold and not mixed with any impurities.

This should be regarded as a kind of monopoly. The problem is that the object of Arvis's monopoly is him. When the other party expresses him so frankly, Gu Huai will inevitably pass a little subtle feeling.

However, Gu Huai thought about it again. He found that Arvis was really a complete cat system. The cat system would be arrogant, introverted, and even monopolistic. The other party is not lacking.

It is only the character's words that this monopoly can be understood. Cat-like people have an exclusive desire for anything that they think is more important.

Although I convinced myself, the subtle feeling in Gu Huai’s heart was not immediately dissipated.

Gu Huai was bullied to the big cat in front of him... and he was a little bit guilty of being bullied. At this time, he had to slow down the sound and appease: "But those little people are just puppets, you are completely unnecessary. care."

Yalves did not refute, but frowned slightly.

This big cat is really too difficult. Gu Huai thought so in his heart. He walked behind Arvis and put the silver-gray tail on his body.

"This is always fine." Gu Huai looked at each other.

Yalves did not say anything, his tail circled the other side of Gu Huai's behavior, and then used the tail to pull the youth into his arms.

"..." This time it was Gu Huai's silence.

Although Gu Huai understands that the Zerg should have different perceptions of physical contact in this respect, he still couldn't help but say with a serious expression: "You can't do this kind of behavior to people."

If this is the other person who treats other races in the future, and because of possessiveness, he will hold the person like this casually. It is not blamed for being a slow attitude. Gu Huai thinks about sorrow for the other side.

"Why not?" Arvis hangs down.

Zerg is a race that will obey the heart of the self. Generally speaking, they only want and don't want to think in their minds, and there is no possibility or no consideration.

Gu Huai was questioned for two seconds. He felt that he could not judge the other party's behavior with the thinking of the former human beings. So at this time, he only had time to respond to the other party's words without any persuasiveness: "... In short, it is not. ”

Yalves was slightly biased and asked in a low voice: "Is it not casual, can you?"

Gu Huai once again stunned for a moment, and he reluctantly insisted on his own ideas: "It is not casual, and you are likely to make the people who are hugged unhappy."

"I make you unhappy?" When asked this question, Yalves gradually lowered his eyebrows at Gu Huai, and then loosened his tail on the latter.

Instinct is close, but because of Gu Huai, Yalves has retreated some distance.

He watched quietly and silently, looking silent and focused. This look was a bit like a domestic cat that was lost by his master. He was so embarrassed that someone who wanted to watch in the same place could take it home again.

The appearance of being bullied by him appeared again - Gu Huai touched his heart.

"That wouldn't be that..." Looking at the look of Yalves, Gu Huai couldn't help but explain, "I am not upset."

I don’t know how the silver worms in front of him understood this sentence. Arvis suddenly narrowed his eyes and then asked him seriously: "I don’t do it casually, you are not upset, then am I not? Can you hold you?"

Gu Huai: "...?"

This logic -

Gu Huai was a little bit entangled in the first time, and his silence when he did not respond was regarded as acquiescence by Yalves, and he was stunned by the big cat.

Compared with the superior height of Yalves, Gu Huai's body shape will look slim and sturdy, and when he is embraced, it seems that the whole person is occupied by the other party.

Alvis, who made this behavior, would of course appear to be a strong side, but Yalves lowered his head low and the forehead docilely reached Gu’s shoulder.

Gu Huai both hands on the side of the body, and now the attitude is very passive, he was swept by the silver hair of Yalves down the neck side, can not help but feel a little itch, let him reflect the lower eye.

Being surrounded by such a circle, Gu Huai can't move.

However, it was clearly trapped, and Gu Huai felt that this silver big cat was doing another kind of spoiling on him in this passive attitude...

This is not the behavior that Yalves has premeditated. Because of this, this excessive instinct and natural behavior makes Gu Huai helpless.

And also missed the opportunity to refuse, it is a bit late to correct the other party's behavior.

Gu Huai closed his eyes and then simply gave up and struggled: "This time, even if it is not next time."

Hearing this sentence, Yalves squinted his eyes and was quiet, and it was very difficult to respond without obedience.

Instinct and intuition made Yalves gradually aware of how he would be close to Gu Huai. Although he could not understand the inner feelings of the heart, Yalves still subconsciously wanted to be in this blank. The young black-eyed man in front of him is pleased.

"Gift." With a step back in the tail, Jarvis spread his right hand palm to Gu Huai, and placed a small glass ball in his hand. .

This glass ball is cyan and looks as pure and transparent as the clear lake water, which is about the same size as the glass ball that Gu Huai already owns.

"What is this, gems?" Gu Huai asked, taking the glass ball for a moment.

Gu Huai touched the glass ball with a little spiritual power. Without sensing the energy feedback, he identified that this is not an energy crystal.

"Well, Ainne Stone." Arvis slightly decapitated, and then began to silently observe Gu Huai's reaction.

In the observation of Yalves, Gu Huai felt it. He first bent the other side of the eye, and then put the glass ball into his pocket of clothes, indicating that he accepted the gift.

Soon, Gu Huai looked down and saw that the silver-gray tail on his body moved at the end, which was a very cute reaction.

Gu Huai was lovely for a moment, and at this time, the silver worms in front of him did a more foul thing.

When Gu Huai blinked, he ran into a Zerg cub with a silvery small tail in his arms, and the cub was still arching towards him.

Gu Huai has reflexively hugged the plush creature that crashed into his arms, and now bows his head to the sleek, pale golden eyes of the zerg.

"Oh." The cubs screamed in the opposite direction.

The cub form seems to be able to get closer to Gu Huai, and Yalves found this when Gu Huai said that he was "cute" last time.

Even if you know that this fluffy and round white plush creature is not a real Zerg cub, Gu Huai can't bear to push it away, because as soon as he pushes, the cub will tremble slightly. Take a look at the body.

Push can not be pushed, Gu Huai has been shackled, and finally some helplessly said: "Is it necessary to kiss and hold high?"

Gu Huai just said casually in the case of helplessness. Who knows that the cub who is in his arms immediately raises his head and even flutters the small wings of the lower back: "Hey, hey!"

Gu Huai’s expression was a meal, but in the face of Yalves disguised as a baby, he really had no psychological burden. He hesitated for a second, and Gu Huai fulfilled what he said.

The hug has already been fulfilled, and Gu Huai raised the round cub in his arms with his hands to the heights: "Is it high enough?"

This cub was very stunned and snorted.

The last one left, Gu Huai thought that he had kissed the forehead of the cub for the last time. It was no different from the pro and the pro-two, but saw the silver-gray small one behind the Zerg cub. Tail, Gu Huai suddenly changed his mind.

Gu Huai kissed the cold silver-gray tail. He felt that this little tail was so cute, but he turned it back in the moment of kissing. He was turned back to the adult form of the silver-haired worms and fell on the sofa.

Gu Huai stunned to a pair of light gold erects at close range, and the limits of the eyes of these two eyes contracted and became a thin line.

I mentioned it before -

In the Zerg, there are two kinds of fixed behaviors for expressing good feelings. During the cub period, they are licking each other and helping the other person to comb the fluff of the body. This behavior evolves into a kiss in adulthood.

But the adult Zerg rarely has strong feelings, so it is always rare to kiss this kind of expression.

In spite of the unknown and intense burning sensation that appeared on the cold tail that the youth had kissed, Arvis gently kissed Kui Huai's cheek at this moment.



Chapter 36 

The last time he was kissed by his forehead in the form of cubs, Arvis used the space to move away, hiding his body shape and hiding in the shadows. After Gu Huai fell asleep, he responded and kissed the other party's fingertips.

The reason why I have to do this secretly is because of the "shy" that Gu Huai thinks, but also because of Yalves' self-recognition.

Always on the verge of out of control, even in the Zerg, it is a different kind, and Yalves believes that Gu Huai will be willing to kiss him just because he has traced back to a relatively harmless form of juvenile.

If he responded to the kiss in an adult form, Arvis felt that his touch would be hated and rejected, so he did not do so when Gu Huai was awake.

And because this is not a bright kiss, Arvis only scorned the other's fingertips.

I am a stranger who will lose rationality at any time. I should have been consciously away from each other, but Yalves is always attracted by Gu Huai.

His eyes always involuntarily chase Gu Huai's figure, and even the body will act uncontrollably to follow.

At this moment, when Gu Huai kissed his tail so gently, it was difficult for Yalves to control himself and not respond immediately.

The emotion that entangled in his mind that made him unable to understand suddenly filled his heart, and the heart beat very enthusiastically. If you don’t kiss the young man’s cheek like this, Arvis would even seem to be so enthusiastic. I feel painful about the strange emotions that are about to overflow.

The cheeks were kissed, and Gu Huai was directly caught in a state of being unprepared. When he returned to God, he raised his hand and held up his hand to kiss the place where he had just been kissed.

“Will you ask me to leave?” Yalves whispered inquisitively, and the cold and low voice traits became more prominent.

Gu Huai still didn't know how to react, and then listened to the other party and said, "Can't you leave, ask me to do something else?"

Compared to being kissed on the cheek and being suppressed on the sofa, Gu Huai first was confused by the words of Yalves: "Why should I ask you to leave...?"

"Because I just did this would make you hate." Yalves answered.

Unlike hugs, kisses have a special meaning in the Zerg, and Arvis knows that this behavior cannot be done casually.

Compared to asking the other person why he felt so, Gu Huai blurted out at this moment without thinking: "But I didn't feel annoyed."

After talking about Gu Huai, I want to bite my tongue. Although he did not say anything wrong, he did not hate it, but in this context it always sounds weird, like he is willing to be Yalves. Kiss like that.

Gu Huai did not have time to patch this sentence. He saw that Yalves seemed to think about it. He looked down at him and asked for help: "Do you hate it?"

Gu Huai stunned, and after a few seconds gave up and nodded: "...not annoying."

The result of Gu Huai’s answer was that in the next moment, his cheek was kissed softly by Arvis.

I don't know why, just couldn't help but be kissed by cheeks, Gu Huai just stayed, and this time he sneaked a little red tip.

"Wait, not... not annoying does not mean that you can do this." Gu Huai seems to be somewhat cramped, the word order is messy, and the calmness of peace is different.

Gu Huai occasionally feels helpless about certain things, but that is what he can accommodate, only this time is not within the scope of calm.

When Yalves heard that Gu Huaigang was "not annoying", he unconsciously moved his tail. Now he gazed at Gu Huai with a glance, and he turned his head slightly and moved his lips to prepare for the opening.

"Can't ask why." Before the other party spoke, Gu Huai quickly interrupted the road ahead.

When Gu Huai finished, he felt that he was a bit strong, but the silver big cat in front of him was very embarrassed.

"Oh." Yalves's expression was unchanged, and he responded lightly to a single tone.

Gu Huai sighed in the unknown cramps and pushed Yalves' shoulders to try to get himself out of the suppressed state.

With the power of Gu Huai, Arvis was not promoted, but he slowly swollen in the direction of Gu Huai.

The same is to watch, Gu Huai did not feel that there was any special feeling that Yalves had been quietly watching, but now it is a bit unnatural.

Yalves's eyes are cold, but under this chilly appearance, it is still a chase.

And the pursuit was very enthusiastic, although the owner of the line of sight did not find this.

The hot point on Gu Huai’s eartips has not completely swayed. He can’t deliberately avoid the gaze of Yalves now, so he just wants to cover up his own unnaturalness: “The wings are too small to fly. So is there no time in the advanced to adulthood?"

In the process of evolution, the creature will eliminate the unnecessary parts. Gu Huai feels that the small wings of Yalves in the early years are completely unable to support the body's flight, and it is difficult to flutter and fly a little bit. Going on.

Speaking of it, in childhood, Yalves is actually a bit like... Pakistan, Bada?

For a moment of swaying, Gu Huai suddenly remembered the fantasy creature in a classic work. Apart from the different color of the fluff and eyes, and the extra silver-gray small tail, the shape is quite similar.

Yalves did not answer immediately, his eyes stayed in Gu Huai's face for a long time, and then the next second, the huge silver-gray wings extended from behind him told Gu Huai's answer.

This pair of silver wings, like the other's tail, also looks like a cold metal texture, but it doesn't have a sense of disobedience on Arvis, but it has a different sense of beauty.

If the little wings of the cub period are not eliminated, it should be like this in adulthood.

"Good looking." Gu Huaifa praised himself from the heart.

It’s a bit curious and embarrassing about these beautiful silver wings. Gu Huai endured it and did not restrain himself. “Can you touch me?”

Yalves slammed his wings toward Gu Huai, and the cold silver wings almost surrounded the youth to create a semi-closed narrow space.

If Yalves thinks, he can actually surround Gu Huai with this pair of silver wings.

Gu Huai did not feel that he was surrounded by the silver wings. What did he mean? He received the tacit meaning that Yalves expressed to him. Now he is interested in studying the beautiful wings of the other side.

"Is it used when fighting?" Gu Huai looked at the silver wing and asked.

“Rarely.” Yalves squinted his eyes. “The opponent is too weak to use the opportunity.”

At the moment, Yalves was expressionless and did not deliberately show a careless attitude to show his strength, but a plain statement.

Said to be research, in fact, Gu Huai unilaterally touched on the cold silver wings here, touched there, only touched a few times, Gu Huai heard a low voice humming sound from the ear.

The wing is very sensitive to touch. For Yalves, the pair of silver wings that he usually does not show are more sensitive than his tail.

For combat, every part of the body is of course as sensitive as possible, but this is outside the battle, and Yalves is the first to be touched by his wings.

The movement is meticulous and gentle. When the silver wing is touched by Gu Huai, Arvis passively feels like a tiny current flowing through the body.

Ma Ma, it will be a little intolerable, but Yalves did not move his wings during the touch of Gu Huai.

“Is itchy?” Gu Huai raised his eyes and said that he was a little embarrassed to prepare to take back his own hands.

Yalves slightly tightened the jaw line and his lips were close, but he dropped his silver wing closer to Gu Huai.

With silent consent, Gu Huai continued to touch the West for a while.

When Yalves was touched by the silver wing, he did not let himself scream out because of the strange feeling. His expression was like a coldness that was completely unaffected, so Gu Huai did not have the conscious feeling of being a rogue.

Except for a very small number of fighting needs, Yalves did not show his willingness to show his wings in front of others, but Gu Huai's curiosity and requirements are different for Yalves.

It was not until Gu Huai touched it and let go of his hand, and Yalves recovered his wings without expression.

"Let me show it again in the next day, your back." Gu Huai's reddish ear tip has returned to normal skin tone, he has calmed down, and at this time under the gaze of Yalves, the ghost made a request.

Gu Huai has already understood in the subconscious that Yalves will not refuse him, so he did not use the tone of inquiry.

"Good." Yalves promised, and the low-pitched voice was a little dull.

The other party promised that it was too easy. Gu Huai did not consciously get a little more insatiable: "I will touch it next time, can this be?"

Yalves nodded: "Well."

Wearing a military uniform, the silver worms in front of Gu Huai looked tall and indifferent, and the response of Arvis obedience and the expression on his face formed a great contrast. Gu Huai felt that this contrast was very foul.

This big cat is too embarrassed, so that Gu Huai feels cute.

"You will be bullied if you are so obedient." Looking at Yalves, Gu Huai has been blinded by the docile performance of this silver big cat in front of him. At this time, he has earnestly and seriously educated, "Look at me just now. That question is almost bullying you, so you promised."

Gu Huai really feels this way, but if there are other people in the room who can hear Gu Huai's words, then there will be a strange and complicated expression.

Because whether it is "obedient" or "will be bullied" is completely impossible to get along with Arvis, probably only Gu Huai, who has never seen the cold side of Yalves, think so.

The silver worms who were educated by this education gently moved their eyes. After a moment of thought, Arvis responded with a calm and slow tone: "Well, you can bully me."

Yalves is showing that he will not repent and just agreed, and Gu Huai has been unable to stand up and pinch the other's cheek: "Are you deliberate?"

Not intentional, it can only be eaten more and more grown up.

Yalves, who was pinched by his hand on the left cheek by Gu Huai, did not move, did not struggle at all, and continued to watch Gu Huai without any sound.

Excessively straightforward sight is also very uncomfortable. Gu Huai subconsciously loosened the fingers holding Yalves' cheeks and blocked the other's eyes.

Just before being pinched on his cheeks, Arvis did not resist. At this moment, Arvis pulled down the hand that Gu Huai blocked his eyes: "I want to see you."

Gu Huai: "..."

For the first time, Gu Huai realized that he could not escape the sight of Arvis, because he did not have the heart to drive the big cat away from him.

"You didn't understand what you said." Regardless of the above, Gu Huai continued his education topic with a serious expression and tone. "I mean, you can't be so obedient, otherwise..."

Without waiting for Gu Huai to finish, Yalves swayed his tail slightly and lowered his head slightly.

"I only listen to you."





Chapter 37 

Gu Huai’s education topic was blocked by Yalves in a sentence. He had no way to take this silver big cat who only said his words. After this day, he was always used by the other side because of a careless compromise. past.

The circle is basically to be hugged, and then he has to go to the big cat to go.

Gu Huai is quick to find out the experience, and quite a lot of tricks, either to touch it, touch the hair and touch the tail, or open a blank check, and promise that when the other person is absent, he can let the other person circle him with his tail.

In this way, Yalves will be willing to let him go.

It is clear that Gu Huai said before the next time, he is very aggressive now, and does not know how it developed into such a.

He said that he can't just make a hug to people. As a result, now that Arvis has done this to him, how can he still succeed? ?

Gu Huai feels entangled in his unsteady attitude.

However, Gu Huai felt that this could not blame him. He had to blame a big cat for always showing fouls in front of him.

When Gu Huai solemnly said that he refused, Arvis would not be close to him, but he would hang down his tail with an expressionless face, and then Gu Huai saw that the piece would fall to the ground. The silver-gray tail that goes up is a little soft and easy to compromise.

With more compromises, Gu Huai’s bottom line has been reduced.

I haven’t seen Arvis now to hug others, but it’s not a problem for him to do so. Gu Huai unconsciously accepted the status quo.

Recently, these days and the changes in Yalves, Gu Huai did not feel anything, but it is different in other people's eyes.

When Kapalia, who had kept a certain alert against Yalves, was getting colder and colder when they were facing each other, the two icebergs collided, and Gu Huai felt that he was frozen by the innocent.

This will not work.

Gu Huai intends to talk to Kapaliya alone and mediate the contradictions, but it is just at this time that an emergency in the interstellar space has forced Gu Huai to turn his eyes.

This emergency is not directly related to the Zerg, but it will affect the entire interstellar, and the Zerg cannot be completely out of touch.

Things are a bit more complicated, and the cause needs to be traced back several years ago.

The original research team leader of Xingmeng carried out a large number of illegal human experiments with his superiors several years ago. The experimental goal was to genetically transform the soldiers and create powerful special forces soldiers.

The name of the former head of the Xingmeng research team is Gavin Allehot. The other is a scientist who is recognized as a genius in the entire interstellar. He is still young in age, but he has been called in many public opinion. It is one of the great figures in the history of the new era.

The so-called genetic modification, the actual transformation is to allow the experimental body to force the fusion of genes of other races, all to achieve better combat capabilities as the standard.

Such human experiments are absolutely forbidden in the interstellar, and the offenders will be directly exiled to the wild star, enjoying life imprisonment, and there is no opportunity for commutation.

Before the incident was revealed, Gavin with a large number of confidential documents and several scientific researchers withdrew from the Star Alliance headquarters. After the event, the Star Alliance learned the truth of the other party's defect, but the hunt was too late.

In the years after Gavin’s defection, the Star League has not been able to arrest people, and even the other’s whereabouts are completely undetectable.

Now, the Star Alliance has learned that the defector has established a large organization called the "Gray Tower" in the gray area outside the jurisdiction of the Star Alliance. The members of this organization are in addition to several researchers including Gavin. The other basics are all soldiers who have undergone genetic modification.

Without exception, these special forces have superior combat capabilities far superior to ordinary soldiers. The emergency is that the organization called the Grey Tower has launched an attack on the Star Alliance.

The attack was only some of the branches of the Star Alliance. Originally, this was not an emergency. The real urgent thing was that the Grey Tower aimed the "comet" at the Star Alliance headquarters.

"The Comet" is a kind of planetary weapon. The original concept drawing was designed by Gavin led the research team. If the weapon power is in line with the design concept, then only one charge attack is needed. The "comet" can destroy most of the planet. .

Before Gavin’s defection, the conceptual design drawings of this weapon were only completed in less than half. Although some conceptual designs were made, in the entire Star Alliance research group, “Iridium” was unanimously recognized as impossible. The conceptual weapon that was created.

First of all, conceptual design is very difficult. In the process of actual R&D and manufacturing, many problems that cannot be completed at the current technical level are encountered.

For example, the charging problem of "comet", even if it consumes a pile of expensive energy crystals, this part of the energy is not enough to complete an attack that can destroy the planet, and how the weapon itself can carry such huge energy is also unavoidable. .

But this pair of planetary weapons is now being built. The lightweight version of the comet seized in the hands of some Gray Tower soldiers has forced the Star Alliance to believe this, and the Grey Tower now announces to the Star Alliance the countdown to their comet.

The lightweight version of the reduced comet and the real planetary weapon are manufactured in the same principle. The real comet has a long range according to the design concept. The Star Alliance cannot find the position of the comet, and the current state is very passive.

In the new era, the Star Alliance is equivalent to a symbol of peace. If the Star Alliance headquarters is really destroyed by the attack, then the authority of the Star Alliance will undoubtedly be greatly affected, and the symbol of peace will disappear.

As a result, it is almost inevitable that the entire interstellar turmoil will begin to turmoil.

The Zerg itself is strong enough, and the impact in the turmoil is indeed much smaller than that of some weak races, but it will still affect the diplomatic and ethnic development plans that Gu Huai originally envisioned.

And the "star" weapon, even for the Zerg with black technology, is a thing that needs taboos.

As measured by the lethality of "Iridium", its manufacturing conditions are obviously very demanding and can't be recreated. If you can, Gu Huai, like most leaders of other races, wants to destroy this weapon. It is best not to let it have a good day.

"The Grey Tower has launched a different degree of attack on many branches of the Star Alliance. You feel that we should send troops to reinforce now?" The Chief of Staff stood by and asked calmly.

The existence of the weapon "Iridium" is worthy of letting the Zerg intervene in this incident. According to the current changes in the Zerg's current foreign policy, the Chief of Staff also believes that this opportunity can be sold to the Star Alliance.

They can also wait for a certain branch of the Star Alliance to support the reinforcements, so that this person will appear heavier.

Calculating the benefits, the chief of staff pushed the glasses and the eyes were nothing.

Gu Huai Wen nodded. He probably read the idea that the chief of staff did not say anything. At this time, he said, "We don't need to sell much people. We can express our attitude."

Thinking of the gray-tower soldiers mentioned in the intelligence, Gu Huai did not change the color and added: "The special forces who have accepted the genetic modification may not be well prepared. Our reinforcements need not be too invested, and the evacuation will be evacuated."

Gu Huai is not persistent in his complete victory. He only shows his attitude. This matter must be carried out without loss.

"We are hurt, are you unhappy?" Simodo grabbed his hair and looked a little troubled on his face.

"Yeah." Gu Huai back to affirmation.

"Oh..." Simodo whispered, and suddenly converged some of the war. "Well, my subordinates understand."

Like a fierce dog, it becomes a big dog. Although it doesn't fit the collar on the neck, this collar is proof that it has a home. Even if it is bound, it feels very happy and happy.

At this time, including Arvis, the other two heads of the military sitting at the conference table all agreed with Gu Huai.

"The last Star Alliance division attacked by the Grey Tower was in the Kewei Galaxy. They captured several Grey Tower soldiers in the battle two days ago," the Chief of Staff said.

Ke Weixing...

Gu Huai thought about the location of the galaxy and said: "Let's contact this branch, let's go."

The Keweixing system is not far from the Nodra galaxy where Thurs star is located. Gu Huai wants to know for himself what kind of capabilities the special forces of the gray tower have undergone genetic modification.

If Star Alliance wants to get help from the Zerg in this incident, it will not refuse to ask them to inspect the captives.

The Chief of Staff quickly implemented Gu Huai’s instructions, and the top leader of the Star Alliance Division, who received the Zerg liaison, spent half a day on the opposite side, feeling ashamed of the Zerg’s involvement in the incident and his ability to provide assistance to the Star Alliance.

The Star Alliance is facing a very urgent situation this time. Of course they hope to get more help, but the Zerg...

Thinking of the Zerg’s initiative to rescue the Älts, the chief of the branch was reluctant to calm down from the state of doubt, and tried to agree to the Zerg’s requirements without hesitation.

The Zerg has always been an extremely efficient action faction. Gu Huai said where he wants to go. The airport port of Tusexing immediately assembled the fleet with the superiors. Gu Huai did not take long to sit on the Euler battleship to the Kewei Galaxy.

At the speed of the Yula warship, it takes two and a half days from the Tussex to the Kewei galaxy. During this time, the gray tower organization in the distant galaxies is not as anxious as the Star Alliance, but can be said to be leisurely. Very good.

For the Grey Tower, they attacked the Star Alliance's division just like playing a recreational game, and didn't care about the outcome.

Because they have achieved the ultimate goal from the beginning, "Iridium" will destroy the Hill Star where the Star Alliance headquarters is located at the scheduled time. No one can change this result, they have already won.

"Hey, what are you hanging on this weapon bag? Hahahaha - laughing at me, you a big man, hanging a little man doll on the weapon bag, I really didn't expect you to have this kind of hobby." In the base where the tower is not known to outsiders, Colin poked his finger at the little doll he had just seen at the tip of his eye, laughing at his stomach.

"Don't touch your hands when you don't wash your hands..." The voice was aloud, and the person who spoke was cold and cold. "You don't move your hands when you wash your hands. Then, next time, you lick your hand."

"Wow, it’s so terrible." Colin said, but he continued to smile, and he was not afraid at all. "What is so precious, what did the former lover send?"

Siwa did not answer, staring at each other.

Colin was indifferent and sneered: "Even if you were sent by a former lover, don't be a baby. You look at monsters like us. No one will accept us, but also what is the use of the past."

From the appearance point of view, the two people in the battle room of the Gray Tower can't really see which race in the interstellar. They have many different ethnic characteristics, and it looks strange to mix and look.

For example, Colin has both the tentacles of the Sartres and the gray-blue skin of the Fields.

The experimental experience of genetic modification will become a monster in the eyes of the Star People. There is no doubt that they will not be accepted by any ethnic group in the interstellar. After trying to return to their former homes but being rejected, the soldiers of the Gray Tower understand. This is the case.

However, this kind of genetic modification is not what they voluntarily want to accept. The soldiers of the Grey Tower were originally some mercenaries. They were convened by Gavin in the form of employment, and then passively accepted genetic modification while being calculated by the other party.

Gavin also placed a special chip on them to keep them from accepting each other.

The method of taking out the chip was found this year, but when they wanted to retaliate against Lavin, the other party had escaped.

Their anger needs a vent, and when they become monsters that are not accepted by any race, the soldiers of the Grey Tower only want to destroy the symbol of peace in the interstellar.

Siwa refused to communicate with his companions, and Colin simply put the image of the villain on the star network and searched, and then he saw several keywords -

"The king of the Zerg...?" Colin lowered his voice, a bit like a muttering.

Looking at the words "King of the Zerg", and then look at the black-eyed q version of the villain doll next to it, Colin suddenly had a feeling of unclear.

It’s weird...

Like being triggered by something like instinct, Colin's amber scorpion suddenly shrank slightly.

Colin looked at his companion and his same erect, pretending to be very casual and said: "What, it was just a doll that can be bought on the star network. If you want to discuss it, you will give me this one first. , I will order you to buy a new one?"

Siva continued to be expressionless.

"Two heads are now! One for two, it's worth it." Colin didn't know why he suddenly wanted this little man doll, but he just wanted it, and now his companion refused to let go and he was a little anxious.

"Roll, buy it yourself." The companion ended the topic coldly.

Colin bit his teeth and immediately placed ten expedited parcels in the store of the Star Network.

Even if it is an expedited parcel, it will take a day to send it. As soon as I think of waiting for another day, Colin's erectus will shrink more and more.

Such a mullion is a scorpion belonging to the zerg.

The Zerg is a natural fighting race, which is a recognized fact throughout the interstellar.

Since it is to create powerful combat special forces, the gray tower soldiers are forced to undergo genetic modification, and almost all of them have a part of the family.

After two and a half days of sailing, Gu Huai has also arrived at the Kewei Galaxy. The Star Alliance Division they are going to is on the Loda Star of this galaxy.

With the experience of the last trip, Gu Huai’s exit can be said to be very low-key. The number of fleets that traveled is far less than that of the last time. People on the road have not been able to alarm other planets.

"The two gray tower soldiers who were captured are locked in this prison. You can go in and see them at will." The top leader of the seventh branch of the Star Alliance is careful about Gu Huai’s attitude to their planet. Huai nodded and continued to lead the way.

The interior of the white prison is divided into a room with a transparent board. The outside person can see the state of the detainees clearly. The two sides can also exchange dialogues through the transparent board.

After a while, Gu Huai, together with the four heads of the army, was led to the compartment where two gray tower soldiers were held.

The two gray tower soldiers, one of them continued to be too lazy to leave the outside, while the other person sneered at the head of the branch who came over, and the erect looked at the other side like a prey.

"We have actually done the trial, but they are not willing to say anything. The person in charge of the trial said that no matter what method they can't let them speak, so you may be disappointed about the intelligence of the gray tower. We are also here. No useful information was found." The person in charge told the truth.

These gray tower soldiers probably have no will to live, they seem to just want to destroy something, such an enemy is the most terrible.

"I don't want to say anything anyway?" Gu Huai crossed the person in charge and walked to the transparent board. He glanced at the two gray tower soldiers who were locked inside, touched the silver-white scarf around his neck, and frowned slightly.

When Gu Huai wears this scarf, Lisa’s mood will be very good, and she can be expressionless all day.

But now that she saw Gu Huai frowning, she was not so happy, and her face began to smile unconsciously.

The trial was her specialty, Lisa was trying to take over the interrogation of the two Grey Tower soldiers, but when she was about to open her mouth, the reaction of one of the gray tower soldiers being held shut off her words. sound.

When he saw Gu Huai walked behind the responsible person to the transparent board, the gray tower soldier who had just kept sneering suddenly suddenly felt a little stiff, and his erect squats uncontrollably and reflexively at this moment.

I couldn’t figure out what was going on, but when I saw Gu Huai’s frown, the gray tower soldier suddenly looked at it in front of several people who were present. “Also...not so sure...”

This sentence sounded in a quiet prison, and many people's expressions instantly turned into wonderful palettes.

The person in charge of the trial: "?"

The highest person in charge of the seventh branch of the Star Alliance: "?"

Next companion: "???"

You are two or five babies -! !



Chapter 38 

The atmosphere in the prison has become cheerful in the silence... Oh no, it has become strange and subtle.

As a party, Gu Huai first bowed his eyes and immediately handed a questioning eye to the head of the seventh branch of the Star Alliance standing next to him.

This is what you said, no matter what method can't let them speak, can't get the information?

The person in charge is now full of question marks, and it is impossible to respond at all.

However, after receiving Gu Huai’s eyes, the person in charge was still a spurt. At this moment, he hurriedly explained: “There was really no way to speak before. They didn’t even want to give us a reaction. It’s almost completely refusing to negotiate. We It is impossible to deceive you in this matter."

I am afraid that Gu Huai has misunderstood her own side. When the person in charge said this, a thin layer of sweat appeared on the forehead.

This Gu Huai believes, he does not think that the other party will scatter such a level of lying, so nodded in coordination, indicating that he has no meaning of distrust.

The same sentence was shocked by the companion. The other gray tower soldier who was too lazy to open his eyes to see the outsiders could not help but blink and scolded: "What are you talking about?"

The last "word" didn't have time to say it. Cullen opened his eyes and saw the black-haired youth standing outside the transparent board. His brain was suddenly shocked by some indescribable feeling. The sound disappeared unconsciously.

Although he also had an abnormal reaction, Cullen continued to glare at his companions after a brief shock.

At this time, the gray tower soldier who said the sentence finally returned to God and reacted to what he had just said, and his face changed a bit.

Gu Huai looked at the reaction of the two gray tower soldiers. He noticed the eyes of the two soldiers through a transparent board, and then he clearly felt a sense of familiarity.

It was the amber erect, like the beta class zerg standing behind him.

This discovery made Gu Huai stunned for a second, and there was a speculation in his heart: "You..."

Gu Huai didn't say anything. He was silent about the two gray tower soldiers, and his expression and the silence made the two soldiers who were locked in the cubicle feel incompetent and felt like needles and needles. It seems a bit uncomfortable.

they……?

What are they?

The two gray tower soldiers did not show this feeling on their faces, and Gu Huai said to the chief of staff behind him after this silence: "Let's leave, these two soldiers wait for tomorrow or something else. Time to see them again."

The Zerg who followed Gu Huai did not have any opinions. They only wanted to be the followers of their own kings. Wherever Gu Huai wanted to go, there was no problem at all.

After Gu Huai finished, he walked out of the white prison with the Zerg who was next to him, and let the person in charge lead the way to the place where they lived.

When Gu Huai gradually walked away, the two gray tower soldiers who were locked were involuntarily looking at them. When the backs were invisible, they were still in the same place for a while to disappear from the back.

Gu Huai casually found a seat in the hospitality villa. He did not deliberately avoid the person in charge of the seventh branch of the Star Alliance. After sitting down, he said in a statement: "The two gray tower soldiers merged with the Zerg gene. ”

Gu Huai slowly said his discovery, this possibility, he did not actually imagine before coming to the Keweixing system, but when he really faced it, his mood was still slightly ups and downs.

Gu Huai determined this thing not just because he saw the eyes of the two gray tower soldiers. Although the erect is one of the ethnic characteristics of the Zerg, it is not only the Zerg ethnic group that has such a feature in the interstellar.

The real reason is that when Gu Huai was standing in front of the transparent partition, he found himself able to perceive the emotions of the two gray tower soldiers.

This should have been the ability to be effective only for the Zerg.

Although there was no attempt, Gu Huai was basically certain that he could establish a spiritual link to the two gray tower soldiers.

Gu Huai’s words did not let the Zerg around him react. These Zerg continued to be expressionless, and did not cause emotional fluctuations because of this incident. They could come to the head of the 7th branch of the Star Alliance standing opposite them. It is not the same.

Combined with the apparently unusual reaction of the former Gray Tower soldier, the responsible person stunned his expression.

What is the significance of the young black-haired youth in front of him to the entire Zerg, and it is clear that the responsible person has alerted the various planets in the past.

This group of Zerg has no principle in the face of their king, not only the instinct of surrender, but also a very obvious love, a young man's eyes or expressions are enough to shake their emotions.

Will the gray tower soldiers who have incorporated a part of the Zerg gene be affected by this part of the gene, and also will inherit the instinct of Gu Huai?

The more the person in charge is thinking about this problem, the more the eyes are involuntarily brightened.

"If this is the case, I think... the trial should have a different result." To find an unexpected breakthrough, the responsible person suppressed the excitement.

Gu Huai did not pick up the words immediately, he still frowned slightly.

It is because the two gray tower soldiers have a part of the traits similar to the zergs around them, and this can be covered by his spiritual links, so that Gu Huai will not know what to think about them for a while.

"Interrogation... Don't use them for punishment. If they still refuse to say, I will find a way tomorrow." Gu Huai thought for a while, and finally said to the person in charge.

After all, the two gray tower soldiers were captured by the Star Alliance. Gu Huai could not interfere too much in some aspects. He had to consider this matter after the opposite person left.

The person in charge was very nodding. "We didn't want to use them for punishment."

The person in charge felt that he had thought of a more effective method than the punishment.

Before returning to the prison, the person in charge called his secretary and asked the other party to get him an item.

When they got what they needed, the person in charge took the interrogator and went to the compartment where the two gray tower soldiers were held. This time they went into the compartment and conducted a face-to-face trial.

In the face of the coming people, the reaction of the two gray tower soldiers was very normal. They did not give a good look to the head of the seventh branch of the Star Alliance and the interrogators who approached them. The expression was cold. Can drop ice slag.

The previous abnormal reactions were attributed to the fact that they had smashed the evil spirits. The two gray tower soldiers who were locked in the white prison have now calmed down and put the previous feelings in their hearts.

And the people on the side of the Star Alliance first opened up -

"You said that it was not so certain. This sentence means that you have the idea of ​​letting you provide us with the information of the gray tower?" Sitting opposite the two gray tower soldiers, the interrogators started his work.

The sight of the interrogated person touched, and Royce, who wore a gravity ring with both hands, sneered, his tone extremely mocking: "You can't think about it!"

It is expected that the person in charge will intervene at this time: "Or we can also make a deal, as long as you can give us any information about the gray tower, even if it is irrelevant."

"Say it out, let's let you see someone you want to see again, for example... you just saw the Zerg, who was not seen not long ago." The person in charge said this sentence with a very ordinary expression, but actually it was dark. Observe the reaction of the two gray tower soldiers.

When the person in charge said the last few words, the ruins of the two gray tower soldiers shrank slightly, although they were not visible to others, but they both felt that they had just pressed down. Somehow the feeling is a bit hooked up.

It is when they hear the "Zerg's squat" and then match this word with the image of the young black-haired youth that they saw not long ago. Their unusual feelings will be extraordinarily strong.

Inexplicably want to see...

"We don't have anyone to see." Cullen was cold-eyed and directly responded to his companion.

Royce has already reflected on his previous behavior, and he is also expressionless at this time, so that he can stand firm and adopt the same attitude as his companions.

It’s enough to hit the evil once. He must have said that the brain will suddenly be awake before, and there will never be a second such thing.

"And maybe... not only can you see the people you want to see, but you can also let you talk to that person." The person in charge added a little weight.

say something?

I don't know which point in the heart was poked. The phrase I heard made Royce feel that his heart was a little shaken, but the companion's sentence gave him a bowl of ice water from the top of his head.

"Wake up!" Seeing Royce's shake, Cullen calmed his face and sighed.

After being so drunk, Royce calmed down again, and compared with his peers' steadfastness, he could not help but be ashamed.

This is not the case, it seems to have to kill the killer.

After observing the reaction of the two gray tower soldiers, the responsible person took out a q version of the villain doll with black eyes and black eyes from his clothes pocket.

"Exchange chips plus this." The person in charge paused and continued. "Because there is only one, so who are willing to provide information first, who is this thing."

If it is for other interrogators, the person in charge can't imagine this trick, but these are two soldiers who have integrated the Zerg gene. The person in charge thinks that his method may still be successful.

In the second of the voice of the seventh branch of the Star Alliance, who took out the villain doll, no one was waiting for the reaction. Cullen took a rag from the side table and plugged the companion just to Zhang. Open mouth, then he responded with no expression -

"I can say."




Chapter 39 

The mouth was stuffed with a rag by his companion, and Royce was still hesitant and shy for a second. As soon as he heard what his companion said, he immediately doubled his eyes.

"Hey-!"

damn thing! !

Royce squirted his eyes and angrily wanted to raise his hand to take away the rag that blocked his mouth, but did not expect his companion to look at his movements. First he stretched his hand in a blank expression to continue to take his The mouth is dead.

A group of star spectators on the side: "..."

What is called my comrade-in-arms, this is the standard paradigm.

Rao is also seen a lot of big scenes, the highest responsible person of the seventh branch of the Star Alliance is still amazed at this scene.

The Zerg gene is toxic, and it is not too toxic - the person in charge has only one idea at this time.

"I can only tell you that there are many strongholds in the Grey Tower. It is impossible for you to pull out all of them at once. The most important base location of the Grey Tower is not in the jurisdiction of the Star Alliance. I don't know the location of the "Iridium". "Looking at the mouth of the companion who is struggling, Cullen quickly finished speaking in a undulating tone."

After that, Cullen directly extended his free hand to the person sitting opposite him, and the meaning was very obvious.

Although I was very pleased that the gray tower soldier was slouching, the person in charge still couldn't resist the pumping of the mouth, and then handed the villain doll in his hand to the other party.

After getting the q version of the villain doll with black hair and black eyes, Cullen nodded and said the transaction was completed.

At this time, Royce finally forced the other person to hold his mouth and pulled it down. Then he threw the rag from his mouth and threw it on the ground, and slammed twice.

"Cullen, you have a dog thing!" Finally succeeded in popping this sentence out, and Royce was on the verge of being mad at this time.

Who said just to let him wake up, how can the other party not be awake? !

He was ashamed of the loss. Now he is ashamed of his fart. If he does not immediately kill the shameless person in front of him, he is a companion.

Cullen, who was shackled with the word "dog stuff", was indifferent, and the little man doll holding the hand stood on one side, a look that I could not hear.

"It is my first, you give me the things in your hand." Royce stared at each other.

Coulomb did not move, showing an attitude that was unsatisfactory and strong: "But in the end I opened it earlier than you, so things are mine."

Royce: "You point to the face."

Cullen: "I don't want to."

It was also the shameless degree of the companion, and Royce couldn't speak for a while.

The villain doll was not available, and Royce couldn’t get it. At this point, he had to turn his eyes to the opposite Star Alliance personnel: "Besides this thing, you just said that we can see the people we want to see, I can talk to the other person, and I have to talk about it."

The person in charge nodded, knowingly asked: "If you want to see someone, if you can contact, I will try to arrange it."

Cullen and Royce quickly looked at each other, and the latter put on a look that was not so careless: "As you said before, the Zerg's sire."

"We are just because of curiosity. In fact, it is not inevitable. It is just something that you have promised. This right to meet is not to be used," Royce added.

You can convince yourself.

The person in charge did not want to dismantle the other party, but only kept the usual expression and said: "This thing may be a bit difficult. I will go and mention this with the lord, but in the end I can see each other's wishes."

"If you can't see it, it's not particularly important." After saying this, Royce closed his eyes to the back of the chair and showed that he didn't intend to pay attention to the person. He silently indicated that the other person could go.

When he heard the footsteps of the Star Alliance personnel, Royce secretly opened one of his closed eyes and observed the back of the pedestrian.

When the shadow disappeared completely, Royce squinted.

What if the other party is not willing to meet them?

Thinking about this possibility, Royce had no reason to have a sorrow.

Cullen didn't even think of this possibility, but he looked down at the little man doll in his hand and was calmer than Royce.

The person who left the white prison has quickly gone to Gu Huai and repeats the matter as it is.

"Things are like this. If you can, I hope you can promise this meeting... If you appear in front of them, I believe they will provide more and deeper information."

"Yes." Gu Huai sighed for a moment after listening, and nodded after a while.

The meeting time was arranged tomorrow morning, and Gu Huai felt that he really needed a meeting to let him decide what attitude he should use to face the gray tower soldiers who combined some of the Zerg genes.

"Why are you hesitant about the two Grey Tower soldiers?" Ai looked at the young black-haired youth who seemed to be caught up in some consideration, and asked.

Gu Huai pulled away from his thoughts and told the truth: "Because they gave me a feeling similar to you."

Gu Huai would not want his Zerg to be injured. In the face of the gray tower soldiers who combined the Zerg gene and could also feel the emotions, Gu Huai could not face the ordinary object.

This sentence turns a corner to understand that the king of the family attaches great importance to them, and the Zerg people present are in a high spirit, and each one is very happy.

"You don't have to follow me in the future, I will be alone with them." Gu Huai said.

I heard that tomorrow I couldn’t be my own king’s follower. The Zerg who was just happy was suddenly disappointed. On the second day, they looked at Gu Huai’s line of sight.

But not all Zerg are so obedient, the only disobedient, Arvis, squinted at the eyelids and followed Gu Huai with no expression.

Because this silver big cat has been too embarrassed before, the other party is rare to have such a disobedient situation, Gu Huai really can not open the mouth to refuse the other side to follow.

Although it is a prison, the compartment of the white prison used by the Xingmeng branch to hold important prisoners is not bad. The interior is close to a simple small room.

Only the walls are of special construction, and those who are locked inside have to wear a gravity ring that suppresses the force.

After entering the prison gate, he walked a long way. Gu Huai entered the compartment where two gray tower soldiers were held under the guidance of the staff.

At the moment of entering the compartment, Yalves, who was originally on the side of Gu Huai, walked one step forward to the front of Gu Huai. The tall, handsome and indifferent figure was in front of the youth. A very obvious protection posture blocked Gu Huai's half body, and then slightly squinted at the two gray tower soldiers not far away.

It turned out that this is the reason why this big cat must come with him. Gu Huai suddenly disappeared.

"They all brought the gravity ring, it is impossible to hurt me." Gu Huai said slowly, in fact, he felt that the two gray tower soldiers would not want to hurt him. This is what he is now from. Some of the perceived emotions are also basically confirmed.

However, Yalves only hangs down and does not let it open, so Gu Huai simply follows each other and settles in the protection circle created by Yalves.

It is not impossible to talk to outsiders in this circle of protection.

Compared with Gu Huai's calmness, Cullen and Royce each time they stepped into this compartment, each limb joint and body seemed to be a bit stiff. The more Gu Huai approached, the sooner they became a wooden man.

This is an indescribable feeling, except for some instinctual attraction that they have not yet clearly recognized, and because Gu Huai looks to them.

The eyes that young people look at are very gentle...even a little gentle, not the kind of look at the alien, the experimental body, or the look of the monster.

Both Cullen and Royce can't remember what it feels like to be treated normally. Since they were forced to accept genetic modification, these transformed gray tower soldiers have always been bathed in the same eyes when facing outsiders. .

In fact, it’s not just outsiders. Sometimes they look at the mirror in front of themselves and they will be ugly and disgusting.

"You... don't you think we are weird?" Why can they look at them with such a look, and Royce couldn't help but open his mouth and ask carefully.

They are weird, they feel like monsters, but the black-haired youth in front of them see the same look when they see them for the first time.

"Strange? What does it mean?" Gu Huai asked incomprehensibly.

Royce swallowed: "That is... looks like."

Look.

Hearing this keyword, Gu Huai swept the image of the two gray tower soldiers from head to toe.

After learning, Gu Huai has already understood the characteristics of each race in the interstellar. From the two gray tower soldiers in front of him, Gu Huai sees the mixed characteristics of multiple races.

When multiple ethnic characteristics are placed on the same person, it is inevitable that they are not ugly, but Gu Huai finally went to see the two pairs of amber erects belonging to the Zerg. He replied: "It would not be strange, I think it is very cute."

Because of the similarity felt, Gu Huai’s answer is not a lie.

The lower-order Tak zergs, who are unable to advance into the humanoid form, are terrible in the eyes of other races, but in the eyes of Gu Huai, these Tucker worms are very cute.

This sentence of Gu Huai caused a bilateral reaction. The two gray tower soldiers suddenly found out what beliefs they had, and the erects could not stop shining slightly.

Although it is just an empty mouth, this kind of acceptance without barriers is a very precious thing for them.

On the other hand, because he heard that Gu Huai said "cute" to other people, Yalves, who was in front of him, instinctively moved the silver-gray tail behind him.

The tail slammed into the ground and pulled a white floor made of special building materials into a large pit that was sunken.


Chapter 40

It’s not a joke to pull the floor out of a big pit. It’s like shaking the whole compartment, and the alarm sound in the prison directly rang.

Gu Huai was also ruined by this unpredictable change, but he was better able to react faster than the others. When the troops of the Star Alliance guards rushed over, he coughed and explained to the staff.

"Sorry, there is nothing happening. It is just that we accidentally smashed the floor. In terms of maintenance costs, we will be responsible for compensation." Gu Huai was polite, then reflexively turned to the side and put Yalves The silver-gray tail of the murder was blocked.

But before Gu Huai went to block, the staff had noticed the tail, and looked at the position on the ground that was obviously sunken, and they could not help but silence for a few seconds.

This is a floor made of special building materials. Generally, the earth boring machine can't be drilled. It is so how careless to get out of such a pit.

If it is not careless, what is the good end of the floor?

Gu Huai probably read the inner doubts from the silence of the staff. He kept the ordinary smile waiting for them to leave, and used the corner of his eye to look at the expression of Yalves next to him.

This big cat is undoubtedly unhappy, but why is it not happy...

When Gu Huai tried hard to think about it, he quickly fainted an idea in his heart.

This one……

Could it be because he just said the words "cute" to the two gray tower soldiers?

The unhappy performance of Yalves this time can be said to be the most obvious one, but I don’t know how, Gu Huai glanced at the indifferent side face of the other side and the silver-gray tail behind him. Unexpectedly, there was a little bit of emptiness.

I don’t know what is actually guilty. Gu Huai just thought about it. He has praised the other person in front of this big cat more than once, but now he is talking to other people in front of each other. It seems to be a little bit. What about children...

Um... that's what...

Slag?

Suddenly the word came out of my mind, and Gu Huai couldn’t help but stay.

I felt that this word was not quite right, but I didn’t wait for Gu Huai to think of a suitable alternative. He was surrounded by Arvis and circled his tail.

Gu Huai is very passively leaning back on Yalves, and he has already circled the body of the youth with his tail. At this time, Yalves also put his left hand in the black gloves of the system and put it in a hug position. Gu Huai's waist, only vacated his right hand.

One hand is to be released because Arvis retains the sense of fighting at all times, and he is always ready to meet the battle.

And now there is another factor, he has people who need protection.

Such a hug posture is a kind of possession in any case. Yalves originally made the two gray tower soldiers look more indifferent, but he just looked at the two soldiers again. .

After leaving Huaihuan in his arms, Yalves lowered his head and his eyes began to stay in Gu Huai for a long time.

It is clear that Arvis did not say anything at this time. Gu Huai was so looked down on the other side, and the guilty feeling that just came out of his heart was inexplicably no longer growing.

"Impressed...?" It was too late to control what position the two men are now. Gu Huai tried to ask.

Yalves still didn't say anything, and didn't nod his approval, but the other party would not respond to his question and it was very clear that the situation was over, and Gu Huai was tightened by the tail of the circle on him.

This situation -

Because of some kind of guilty feelings, Gu Huai did not struggle with the two men's eyes. He calmly touched the cold tail and then lowered his voice with a low cough and said, "Don't be angry."

However, this silver big cat was not so good this time. Gu Huai opened Zhangkou originally to say something else, but he looked at the two gray tower soldiers who were still opposite them. Some words could not be said before the people. .

"Wait a minute." Gu Huai nodded to the two gray tower soldiers apologetically, and finally let the silver-gray tail on the body let him go, he led Yalves to a corner.

In this case, there is a sense of both of them rushing to the corner to whisper. Gu Huai subconsciously squints and asks: "I am not happy because I just said ‘cute’ to others?”

At the moment, Yalves raised his mouth and did not admit it, but Gu Huai confirmed his thoughts from the reaction of the other party.

It was really the same as he thought.

It is also unpleasant to hear that he praises others with the same words. This character is also true... it is exactly what a big cat looks like.

Since you know the reason, it will be easier.

"Well... then I will not praise others for being cute again in the future. Just say this to you?" Gu Huai took the initiative to face the eyes of Yalves and did not avoid the sight of this light golden erect.

At the moment when the voice fell, Gu Huai saw the light in the other's eyes swaying slightly. Although Yalves had no expression at this moment, Gu Huai knew that the other party was not unresponsive.

It’s basically correct to follow this, and to determine the route, Gu Huai will continue to say: “You are the cutest.”

This sentence is what you can't say before people. When you say this sentence, Gu Huai feels that his cheeks are a bit hot.

But obviously it is a boast, why is the person who is boasted not blushing, he wants to blush?

Mostly because this sentence says that export is a bit shameful -

Gu Huai found the reason for himself and the temperature of his cheeks dropped slightly.

The meaning of "cute" is fascinating, because it is understood in this way, so Gu Huai's "you are the most cute" is a very swaying sentence for Yalves.

I think I need to respond to this sentence, but I don't know how to declare it. Yalves's response is a kiss. He bows his head and gently kisses the young man's cheek.

Gu Huai was obviously stunned when he felt the soft touch on the cheek. He had already said to Yalves that he could not do this, but at this time, because he saw the tail behind the other side that clearly revealed the happy mood, Gu Huaiyi did not speak for anything.

Originally, Gu Huai was thinking about it, and he was dear, and this time it was necessary to look at the situation of this big cat.

But the result was that Arvis didn't just kiss him. Before Gu Huaimu hadn't reacted in place, his cheek was kissed by the other party a few times, and the last kiss, Yalves kissed him. On the ears.

So this time, Gu Huai's ear tip and face red together.

The situation was too much unexpected. Gu Huai did not speak for a long time. I can think of the two gray tower soldiers who were waiting for one side. Gu Huai took a deep breath and barely lowered his face.

This matter is temporarily skipped. Actually, it is because I don’t know how to deal with it. Gu Huai didn’t say anything to Arvis who made this thing, but pretended to be nothing and happened with the other party. go back.

Although Gu Huai tried his best to behave naturally, the changes in the look of the two before and after their return were very easy to see. In particular, the reddish color of Gu Huai’s tip was not completely eliminated.

Back to the original position, Yalves still retains Gu Huai with a protective posture. Although the expression is cold, the erect and raised tail from the other side can be seen as part of the real mood.

"We have been waiting for a long time. We are returning to the truth." Gu Huai’s voice was steady. He said to the two gray tower soldiers in front of him with a gentle voice. "I don’t think you are strange, but because of the part of the Zerg gene you have, I actually feel it for you. Very kind."

Then Gu Huai continues to be honest about one thing: "I can feel your emotions, so I know that you are not malicious to me. Um... I can also perceive because you have the genes of Zerg, if you don't want me to be sneaked into emotions. I can temporarily close this ability when facing you."

Most of the time, Gu Huai will unconsciously open this ability. The Zerg will not mind at all, but these gray tower soldiers are not zerg...

"I don't mind." Cullen replied first.

Royce, who did not answer the answer, was a bit unwilling, but at this time he still said: "I don't mind, I don't mind him."

This answer made Gu Huai laugh, and his eyes shifted slightly to the left. Gu Huai saw the little man doll placed on the bed. It was a bit complicated.

"About the Grey Tower, if you are willing, I hope that you can tell me all the known information." Gu Huai said.

"Good." Royce quickly nodded this time.

Empty gloves, in the face of these gray tower soldiers who simply do not take their own lives seriously, just want to make the entire interstellar chaos turbulent, this thing can only be done by Gu Huai.

For Cullen and Royce, they wanted to destroy the Star Alliance because they felt that they did not have any place in the entire interstellar space. They were not accepted by anyone. In addition to destroying the existing order, they were transformed into monsters. They have nothing to care about.

But now, they feel that they may still have the meaning of being.

The youth in front of them showed an attitude of accepting them, so they wanted to obey the instinct of the Zerg gene, just like other Zerg.

But after all, they only have a part of the Zerg gene, not the real Zerg...

Still a little inferior to himself, Cullen and Royce now all want to prove their value to Gu Huai, and they quickly put all the information of the gray tower out of it.

As the head of the gray tower organization branch, Cullen and Royce know a lot of things, but the secrets of the location of the "comet", only the core high-level of the organization base knows that they are not aware of this. of.

After Gu Huai listened carefully to the two people, the brows were already wrinkled before the information was sorted out.

And because he saw Gu Huai frowning, the two gray tower soldiers opposite him began to feel awkward, thinking that Gu Huai was dissatisfied with the information they provided.

"We didn't hide anything, and we all told you all about it." Royce said carefully and seriously.

"I know, I don't doubt you." Gu Huai said, he saw the two people's cautious attitude toward him, so he loosened the wrinkled eyebrows and bent the eyes of the two. "These information is very useful, thank you. ""

"Then you are leaving now?" The meeting time was almost the same. When Royce asked this sentence, he did not dare to ask for a chance after seeing it later.

Gu Huai nodded: "Yeah."

"That... then you pay more attention to safety outside..." After the sentence was finished, Royce scratched his hair and felt that he was a bit stupid.

There are so many Zerg outside to protect each other, and the safety of the other party can be used to worry about him.

They estimated that there was no day out from this prison, but although they were in prison, they at least did something that made the youth feel useful.

Gu Huai said that he left, and the two gray tower soldiers who were detained in the compartment looked at him and watched him leave. He kept looking back and couldn't see it before he silently took back his sight.

Going out of jail, Gu Huai actually went directly to the person in charge of the Star Alliance branch. When he met the first sentence, he said, "Put the two gray tower soldiers."

To be honest, in terms of position, Gu Huai said that this sentence is not appropriate. He knows that he should not interfere with the disposal of prison inmates.

But now it is not appropriate to be suitable. After this meeting, Gu Huai has already understood that if the gray tower soldier who merged with the Zerg gene appeared in front of him, he would most likely not be able to ignore it.

"This..." The person in charge was hesitant, on the one hand, the request of the Zerg king to him, but on the other hand, how can two important prisoners say it?

Gu Huai’s expression was calm and stated: “I have mastered the intelligence and can share it with you. It doesn’t make sense to keep people shut. Putting people out, if something happens, I will be responsible, if it is to be To conduct a trial, this matter can also be discussed later."

They are now owed to the Zerg people, and the person in charge heard that Gu Huai has spoken about this, and he is not happy.

"Yes, I can let go." The person in charge nodded and agreed.

The efficiency of the Star Alliance Division is not bad. When it was released from prison, Cullen and Royce could not react.

They just came out of prison...?

Out of jail, Cullen and Royce almost went to Gu Huai for the first time. At first they worried that other Zerg would not let them close to Gu Huai, but found that these Zerg did not reject the behavior they tried to follow. .

In fact, the Zerg will be more tolerant to those who like their own king, because Cullen and Royce show their similar attitude towards Gu Huai, so the Zerg who is next to Gu Huai will react like this.

It was also half a day after the two were released from prison that the star alarm of Lorda Star rang.

This time the planet's alert mode was opened because a small fleet of gray towers launched an attack on Lorda Star.

This is the fleet of several branches of the Grey Tower. The reason why they formed a team to attack the Loda Star was because they learned that the two heads of one of their branches were captured by the Star Alliance army on the planet. .

How can they save people back and fight back to the face of their organization?

If the gray tower troops came early, Cullen and Royce could be a little happy, but now they only have one idea -

Don't save them, they don't want to go!

Luo Daxing had just encountered an attack not long ago. Now, if he has not yet taken a break, he will encounter a second, larger scale. The defensive power of the planet is not enough.

The gray tower's troops are clearly aware of this, so pick this time.

When the alarm sounded, the atmosphere of the entire planet became extremely tense.

Because the soldiers are genetically modified special forces, the ground forces of the gray tower have a very prominent advantage.

The battleship entered the atmosphere of the planet, and waves of gray tower soldiers landed on the planet, and the defense force on the side of the Star Alliance did not seem to be much. It seemed that the victory and defeat had been scored from the beginning.

"Directly attacking the prison to save people, the defensive power of this planet is very weak, we can easily take it." The head of a gray tower branch stronghold said.

The ground forces of the Grey Tower are clearly moving towards the prison, and they are surging. When they are ready to fight with the garrison of not many people, the sky has a broadcast -

"Let's stand upright and let go of the weapon."

Gu Huai sat in the Planetary Broadcasting Room and spoke to the microphone that was handed to his mouth.




Chapter 41 

The Planet Broadcasting Room is a very good place for professionals in the broadcasting industry.

Broadcasts from this radio room can be heard by all the inhabitants of the planet, and the radio room will only be activated when it is over a certain number of important annual festivals.

When the gray tower launched the attack and the planetary alarm sounded, Gu Huai asked if the person in charge had the ability to pass his voice out, and then he was invited to the broadcast room.

Gu Huai said to the microphone that the words "all stand up and lay down the weapons" are transmitted to all corners of the planet through broadcast equipment. Everyone on the planet has heard it, including the gray tower that just landed on the planet and is ready to move forward. soldier.

This is obviously only a voice, and this voice is not too sharp, can not hear the meaning of threats, but is gentle, it sounds more like a normal conversation.

Normally, the Grey Tower soldiers who are preparing to attack will not take this meaningless ridiculous speech seriously.

stand at attention?

Also put down the weapon?

The people in this Star Alliance branch have problems with their brains. The garrison power is so weak that they can’t fight against them. So I wonder if they will be obedient.

The first reaction in the brain was to think this way, but while hearing this voice, most of the soldiers in the ground forces who first landed on the planet were having another indescribable impulse in their brain's subconscious.

The gray-tower soldier who first responded to this impulsive force suddenly dropped a weapon and looked at the beam weapon on his hand and slammed it on the ground.

What is he doing?

"What are you doing?" The companion next to him asked him strangely.

I do not know!

The gray tower soldier who dropped the weapon replied so loudly in his heart that he should now pick up the weapon to remedy the mistake, but his brain refused the idea while brushing the screen, and his body did not move.

Body: I ​​think I should go to pick up weapons.

Brain: No, you don't want to.

Not only did he not want to smash weapons, the Grey Tower soldier also made a standard standing posture. At this time, his head was abdomen and his shoulders were slightly posterior, and the fingers of both hands were placed on the side of the body.

The standard of posture is like waiting for the superior leader to parade.

"What the **** are you doing..." The ending of this sentence was not able to go up, and the companion was wide-eyed and stunned by the sound of the sound of the surrounding sounds.

The guns were thrown at the ground, and the gray-tower soldiers who threw away the weapons on their hands were all a very inexplicable look. They did not know what happened.

"It must be the broadcast just now. That broadcast may be some kind of control power. Someone is recruiting here. Anyone who has nothing to bring with me is with me. Let's take this power out to solve it..."

The word "fall" could not be said, and the soldier who said this was shut up with five or six guns pointing together.

The part of the gray tower soldiers who had just dropped the weapon heard the words, and they immediately put the weapons on the ground back to the speaker, and the cockroaches staring at each other contracted sharply.

I don't know what kind of mood it is. These gray tower soldiers only know that they don't want to... and they must not let the other party do this.

"Put your weapon down," said one of the gray tower soldiers with amber erect.

Suddenly, the soldiers pointed by a group of teammates around them were unbelievable: "Are you crazy?"

"Let's put down your weapon." The gray tower soldier holding the gun aggravated the tone, and the mullion almost shrunk into a thin line.

The Zerg cannot tolerate someone who intends to harm them, and for the part of the Gray Tower soldiers who incorporate the Zerg gene, they also have the same mood in their subconscious.

The situation is stronger than the people, and the other party can’t say anything, and only the weapons can be thrown away.

Controlling abilities cannot reach this level...

Is this a spontaneous collective rebellion? ?

Unclear, the other soldiers in the gray tower soldier’s eye-catching team are throwing away more and more weapons, and very few soldiers who are still normal without dropping their weapons are eagerly watching the surrounding After the situation, I finally had to hesitate to put the weapon on the ground together.

"How did the ground forces not move?" The commander of the unit tightened his eyebrows.

The person next to him hesitated: "Probably... is an ambush."

"Isn't the ambush going to send us a message?"

Being so asked, other people have nothing to say.

This situation is not right, but the gray tower personnel who are still on the battleship think about it, and they can't think of the reasons for the ground motion of the ground forces.

Gu Huai used a sentence to stop the entire ground force of the gray tower fleet. He passed the picture returned by the reconnaissance plane and saw the gray tower soldiers who were really obedient and staying in place. Then he said to the microphone. "That's why don't move, I will wait... I will see you soon."

Can you see this person who speaks to them through the broadcast without moving?

Deriving this idea from the words heard, most of the gray tower soldiers who have put the weapons down have been a little happy to look forward to it, and there is still some tension.

The ground forces were fixed, and only the soldiers who were still on the battleship were left.

As long as the battleship approaches the sky of the planet, the broadcast can be conveyed.

In fact, Gu Huai originally could not use the radio. He could directly establish a wide-ranging spiritual link that would contain the Zerg genes in the Zerg gene and pass on his ideas to all of them.

But because of the fear that the spiritual link will cause harm to these gray tower soldiers, Gu Huai did not want to do this until he had not tested it and confirmed that there was no problem.

The ground forces with their excellent equipment and excellent combat effectiveness stopped inexplicably and did not respond to the inquiries and instructions. The commander on the battleship pressed for a while and finally issued an order to continue marching.

As a result, this part of the air force also suffered the same routine in the sky of the Lotta Star.

"Close the weapon system of the battleship, and you will land the battleship on the ground."

Gu·Temporary guest announcer·Huai Duan is sitting, and the words are clearly and clearly stated.

The words of Gu Huai were broadcasted, and a warship in the sky seemed to have been pressed by the pause button.

In the battleship, what kind of soldiers have gone through the chaos, but the Gushuai’s weapons system has been closed one after another.

The situation has progressed to this point and it can be said that it has stabilized.

The whole battle was less than ten minutes from the beginning to the end, and Gu Huai ended the attack on the Grey Tower.

Knot, end...?

It’s too dreamy to lie down, and the head of the Star Alliance division is immersed in this easy-to-get victory and will not react for a while.

The gray tower soldiers who had not listened to Gu Huai’s words remained in a standing position. When the warships in the sky all landed, Gu Huai went to see the gray tower soldiers according to what he had promised before.

After the meeting with Cullen and Royce, Gu Huai knew that these gray tower soldiers were not voluntarily accepting genetic modification.

Through some narratives of the two, Gu Huai believes that the reason why these gray tower soldiers want to destroy the Star Alliance is because they are not accepted by themselves. They can't find a sense of belonging, nowhere to live, only the anger that is full of nowhere to vent, so simply Just thinking about destruction.

In fact, this is also the result that Gavin, who has defected from the Star Alliance research department, wants to see, but he can't think of it, and the things he imagined will have such a big change.

Thousands of calculations are counted as missing the appearance of Gu Huai.

These gray tower soldiers were experimentally modified several years ago, and Gavin certainly considered the racist racism in the fusion of the Zerg genes to these soldiers.

He can almost perfectly solve this problem. The gray tower soldiers who combined the Zerg genes can be classified into β according to the Zerg's ability class, but they are not obedient to the higher class Zerg.

Strictly speaking, it is not completely absent, but is weakened by the limit, which is equivalent to no.

But when Gu Huai, at the top of the Zerg pyramid, was born, even if this instinct was weakened by the limit, it could not stand.

Use numbers to visually describe it -

For example, the Zerg of the β and below classes has a perfection of 100 for the Zerg, and Gavin cut the surrender instinct by 99 when genetically blending the Grey Tower soldiers, leaving only 1 in the end.

So the Grey Tower soldiers will not be affected by the Azerbaijan.

However, the Zerg’s surrender to the king is at least 200 points, and even a 99-point deduction is still a perfect score.

The results can be imagined.

When Gu Huai really appeared in front of these gray tower soldiers, unlike the case where only the sound was heard, the gray tower soldiers who combined the Zerg genes tightened their bodies almost instantly, and subconsciously adjusted their standing posture more. Some standards.

However, in fact, their standing posture has been standard and can no longer be standard. Gu Huai went to the scene to see this situation before he thought of what he had done right before. He coughed: "You don't have to stand upright, you just stand."

These gray tower soldiers are only slightly relaxed. They are still puzzled by their strange state. But whether it is the existence of Gu Huai itself or the gentle look and attitude of the other side, they let the soldiers subconsciously want to obey his words. .

"Go back with me." Gu Huai casually looked at the direction of the hosthouse provided to him by the Star Alliance Division, and was passing by directly to the gray tower soldiers in front of him.

go back?

They should have no place to describe the word "back", so these gray tower soldiers stunned together when they heard it.

When Gu Huai finished talking, many gray tower soldiers did not consciously follow a step forward.

You are so easy to invest in the enemy, serious? ?

For the very few gray tower soldiers who do not have the Zerg gene, they are now full of thoughts.

However, I saw that the teammates around me really followed, and a few of the remaining gray tower soldiers who were left behind were slowly looking at each other and squinting together.

The gray tower soldier who had originally attacked the Luo Daxing was thus rebelled by Gu Huai. The head of the Star Alliance Division faced this result and he suddenly realized it.

The king with the Zerg is here, the army of the Grey Tower is not exactly one to send one, to send two pairs?

To say that "the comet" is a weapon against the planet, then "Gu Huai" is right for the gray tower weapon.

The person in charge felt that they were even more powerful here.

Star Alliance headquarters seems to have saved!




Chapter 42

Gu Huai led a large group of gray tower soldiers back to the guest house provided by the Star Alliance branch. The gray-tower soldiers with their erects were basically empty during the entire follow-up process.

They didn't think about anything and couldn't think of it, but the body was moved by the deepest consciousness of the brain.

Before these gray tower soldiers figured out what they actually thought, they had already arrived at the place where Gu Huai arrived and said "go back together."

This guest house is a large villa, the specifications can be said to be luxurious, and the area is wide, but the Zerg led by Gu Huai and so many gray tower soldiers are here, the space is not enough.

Cullen and Royce took Gu Huai back with such a large number of gray tower soldiers, and they felt like they were not so surprised.

Now, we are all two or five.

Royce thought calmly, and there was no guilty feeling in the heart of the betrayal organization.

Anyway, it’s not that he is doing this alone. Everyone is doing this, so he is just what... follow the public and follow the trend!

The gray tower soldiers who combined the Zerg genes are now subconsciously staring at Gu Huai. They can’t help but wonder why the other party treated them with a hostile and gentle attitude, saying that they would go back together and bring them to this place.

For the other party, shouldn't they be enemies that need to be eliminated?

The same question should be asked in fact, but these gray tower soldiers can't think of it so much now.

If Gu Huai treats them as enemies, or treats them as heterogeneous like others, the instinct brought about by the Zerg genes may have limited impact.

However, Gu Huai is such a performance to them, so the influence of the Zerg gene can be said to be maximized.

Gu Huai did not aim to do this. He was gentle on these gray tower soldiers only because he wanted to do so.

After meeting with Cullen and Royce, these gray tower soldiers who combined the Zerg genes are like half a zerg in Gu Huai's eyes. Gu Huai has no way to treat them ruthlessly.

"The room here is not enough." Gu Huai looked at the number of these gray tower soldiers. "It doesn't matter, I will let the person in charge arrange the shelter for you."

Gu Huai's tone of attitude is very natural, naturally not like the two sides just ended a battle that did not have time to start.

I heard that Gu Huai said that most of the gray tower soldiers contracted their erects slightly. They subconsciously wanted to obey the words of Gu Huai, and at the same time they seemed very restrained because they did not know how to respond.

"But here is only a temporary stop. You have to go back to another planet with me later." Gu Huai thought about it and added this sentence.

It is "going back" -

This term always has a considerable impact on these gray tower soldiers, using the word "go back" as if they also have a place of attribution.

In particular, this sentence was made by Gu Huai, and this part of the gray tower soldiers who accepted the Zerg gene was easily shaken.

This is obviously like a blank check. There is no real guarantee. The other party even did not say which planet they were going to, but the gray tower soldiers who heard Gu Huai’s words could not help but light up. eye.

Even if these gray tower soldiers did not show too obvious expressions, the violent shaking that they could see at a glance and the unconsciously staring at Gu Huai’s eyes would have left the remaining few soldiers without the Zerg gene. I didn’t see it.

For a few gray tower soldiers who do not have a Zerg gene, they are the most aggressive from the beginning to the end of the battle.

"Do you betray the organization like this?" One of the soldiers broke the quiet scene.

When this sentence came out, the gray tower soldiers who had already wanted to follow Gu Huai in the presence of the audience had a pause, and the expression was more unnatural.

Not waiting for what Huai said, Cullen, one of the first people to turn down, did not change his color at this time: "We have no interest relationship with the Grey Tower. Members only stay together because they have the same goal. Now we are because It is normal and legitimate behavior to leave the organization with a change in goals."

And Royce closed his eyes to help out: "What to say betrayal, this is the most called job-hopping, do you know what to do?"

Originally, most of the gray tower soldiers had already stuck their eyes on Gu Huai's body, and now there are people who have offered them an excuse. They almost immediately agreed to the two.

Yes, they are not betrayed.

It makes more sense to hear this!

With an excuse, this part of the Grey Tower soldiers suddenly got a good deal of peace of mind.

Such a reply made the soldier who asked the question blush, and those of them who did not have the Zerg gene needed an excuse to convince themselves more than other companions.

Of course, they also hope that some people will accept them, and it is hard to deny their inner sway, but they can’t betrayed so fast.

Cullen had an insight into their psychology. He walked over and patted the shoulder of the companion: "Too big face will make people unhappy, we are already very unhappy, what about the face?"

The first time I heard someone could say that the shameless face was so strong, the companion who was photographed on the shoulder could not help but swear, and his heart was really so convinced.

Things have developed here, and all the gray-tower soldiers present at the scene have reached a consensus and easily turned their backs.

Even if Gu Huai just sat there and did nothing, most of the gray tower soldiers present were still unable to restrain him. When they realized that they were watching, they would try to shift their sight, but in the end they would move again. Go back.

Anyway, it is a situation that I want to see and I don’t dare to look at it, but I still can’t help but see it.

"If you want to see it, look at it." Gu Huai said.

The performance of these gray tower soldiers reminded Gu Huai that their own Zerg was just like this when they first faced him. This same makes Gu Huai slow down their voices.

When the head of the Star Alliance Division came here, it was already the appearance of these gray tower soldiers who called Gu Huaihua a docile post.

principal:"……"

In the face of the Star Alliance, the soldiers of the Grey Tower are still cold-faced and hostile, and this differential treatment makes the person in charge very speechless.

"Xingmeng is not your enemy now." Gu Huai said in a timely manner.

Gu Huai said that these gray tower soldiers all obediently converge on hostility, and the speed of face change makes the person in charge stunned.

The person in charge of the branch came here to discuss things with Gu Huai, or ask the other party to help.

It is known that most of the gray tower soldiers incorporate the Zerg gene. Gu Huai is the ultimate weapon for them to deal with the gray tower. To survive the Star Alliance headquarters, they must get help from Gu Huai.

Gu Huai listened to the person in charge, but showed a very good attitude. He said: "We originally came for this purpose, of course we are willing to help, but..."

"But what?" The person in charge immediately asked diligently.

Gu Huai looked like he thought for a while and responded: "But after this event is over, there may be one thing I need to solve with Star Alliance."

Is this reminding them of their owe?

It really owes a lot of human feelings. The responsible person nodded with a serious expression and said, "You can rest assured that I believe that Star Alliance will give you a satisfactory return."

As a symbol of peace in the interstellar space, the Star Alliance, of course, has to take into account the face, and it is such a big affair for the Zerg, and of course they will return.

"Is it." Gu Huai smiled back. "That is the specific return, I will mention it later."

"Do not worry, it will not be a request that makes you feel embarrassed." Gu Huai added another sentence.

Originally, Gu Huai did not want to take this initiative. He used the Zerg to help the Star Alliance just to show his attitude. But now that something went wrong, he needs to consider the survival of these Gray Tower soldiers.

The strength of several bases of the gray tower gathered together to attack the Luo Daxing. This was originally the instructions of the high-level base. If the troops did not return the news, the high-level gray tower might not be directly The launch time of the "comet" in advance.

"First let the planet pretend to be occupied by the gray tower troops." Gu Huai said this to the person in charge, and turned to the gray tower soldiers in front of him and said, "Tomorrow, you will give me a small team to take me. The base that took the gray tower was said to be the captive captured after the battle between Luo Daxing and Xingmeng."

"Your Majesty?!" All the zergs around Gu Huai suddenly reacted a lot.

Letting the king run to a dangerous place is absolutely unacceptable to any Zerg, and every zerg on the scene reveals a strong resistance to breath.

Yalves didn't say anything. He used his tail to firmly encircle Gu Huai's body. His face was expressionless and he didn't mean to loose it.

Gu Huai expected the scene before saying this. He explained: "The base of the gray tower should not be a dangerous place for me, and Yalves can go with me, even if there is really something. Danger, he can also take me to use space to move away."

Because Yalves has the ability to hide his body perfectly, Gu Huai said this, but also to appease this big cat. In this serious scene, he quietly touched the silver-gray tail of the circle on him. .

Gu Huai’s words and the stroking of this tail made the chilly look on Yalves’s face slightly loose, but the lips were still flat.

"The location of the 'Iridium' is only known to the top staff in the gray tower base. If you want to master its position or stop it, taking me to the base is the most direct way." Gu Huai said while Touch a few more tails that are not too happy.

I am happy with this tail and a big cat is happy.

In the gray tower organization, the soldiers with the Zerg gene are the majority. Even if the soldiers with the Zerg gene don’t follow the instructions of Gu Huai, they will never hurt him. The Zerg are actually aware of this, but they still It was after Gu Huai repeatedly appeased that he reluctantly agreed to Gu Huai’s decision.

The base of the gray tower is in a gray area that is not under the jurisdiction of the Star Alliance. This gray area is specifically a Kenyan galaxy occupied by various independent organizations such as mercenary groups.

The real base of the Grey Tower is in the nebula of this galaxy.

The atmosphere of the Grey Tower base has been slightly tight these days, because Colin, the second-in-command of their base, has a bit of a temper in recent days.

This kind of violent behavior is manifested in that the other party always smiles and assigns various subordinates to various training tasks that can make people exhausted.

The ten expedited parcels that Colin placed in the Starnet store a few days ago, the starship that shipped the parcel did not know what was going on, and stopped on a certain route of the planet for a long time.

Say good expedited parcels, originally this expedited parcel had to wait a day to be sent, Colin already felt that he couldn't wait, and now he waited for a few days.

If there is a "comet" in the gray tower, Colin wants to blow up the courier company when the parcel arrives.

This afternoon, I finally received the ten packages he placed, and Colin immediately took the ten packages back to their room and happily prepared to take them apart.

Colin took the scissors and carefully cut the package, and quickly removed a small doll from the package. Looking at the doll, Colin's erection suddenly brightened.

The Siva guy was so stingy that he had said that he would take two dolls to change one, and the other would not.

OK, he now bought ten of his own, not the other one.

While thinking about continuing to unpack, Colin heard the knock on the door when he was removed to the last package.

"What?" Demolition of a very important package, Colin did not want to care, and the tone was a little impatient.

The voice of the subordinates came over: "Reporting the staff, Luo Daxing has been captured by our troops. We have tied back a Star Alliance from there, intelligence..."

After waiting for the other party to finish, Colin interrupted the other party's words: "What do you want to do with intelligence, don't you go to the torture group?"

Speaking and finally taking out the last package, Colin put nine small dolls on his bed, leaving one to hold, and then walked to the door: "Put the person first, don't give him If you eat rice, you will not be able to go hungry for three or four days. Let the people in the torture group examine him and torture him."

As soon as the door opened, Colin couldn't get a pair of black eyes.

The owner of these eyes is a young man, looks very clear and beautiful, and is now being watched by several gray tower soldiers, standing there very well.

Colin looked at the young man with black eyes and black eyes in front of him, and then looked down at the same person in his hand.

Sluggish.jpg




Chapter 43

The garbage delivery company gave him a real person to express it? ?

When I opened the door and saw the young black-haired youth who was staying in the guards of the soldiers in a quiet state, Colin’s mind instantly came up with this idea.

After all, the villain doll is just a q version. In fact, it is not possible to use this little person's appearance to determine what the real person looks like.

But when Colin suddenly saw each other, he suddenly felt like a voice repeatedly telling him -

It is this person.

Colin first jumped, and he quickly converges to converge on his own sluggishness and let others discover that the mind is turning.

First of all... He certainly knows that the young black-haired youth in front of him is not sent by the courier company. The other is the person in the mouth of the soldier who said that he was tied back from the Star Alliance.

But the other party is clearly the king of the Zerg, why is it...

Not waiting for Colindo to think, one of the gray tower soldiers standing in front of him - Cullen said to him: "So, we are now taking him to the cell."

"Wait a minute." Colin responded by calling people. He held the little doll in his hand and hid it behind him. He calmed his expression in the eyes of his subordinates. "First... wait, the cell." There is no space for the time being, it is full."

Another gray tower soldier in the field, who was unclear, said with a bit of confusion: "It should not be closed, our base prison has been quite empty."

"It's full." Colin's tone abruptly repeated the words, and then seemed to be arrogant. "There was just something that you didn't know at the base just yesterday."

Colin’s second half of the sentence stunned the doubtful Gray Tower soldier, and the other party nodded quickly and did not pay attention to it. He only asked, “Where should I keep him?”

Gu Huai said nothing quietly under this scene. He heard that the gray tower soldier mentioned that he had a problem with his disposal. His reaction was only to blink his eyes.

It’s as if I don’t know what happened to me.

Gu Huai is not in a hurry, but Colin is not calm, but he does not change his color at this time: "There are so many rooms in the base, just take a room and not be a cell."

Without waiting for the soldiers to respond, Colin seemed to mention one more sentence: "On this building, pick one on the 17th floor, you are bringing people now."

"The seventeenth floor seems to have only one room...?" The soldier hesitated. He remembered that it was still a very luxurious room. The balcony and the window were nice and quiet.

"Yes, I forgot." Colin's expression remained the same. "It's just empty, take it."

"Understood, then according to what you said, first shut people down for a few days, I will call the people in the torture group." The soldiers nodded.

"Wait a minute...!" Colin shouted for the second time.

The soldiers’ footsteps stopped and they cast their eyes on their eyes.

"I don't have to find someone in the torture group, such an important prisoner, I will personally interrogate later," Colin said.

The Gray Tower soldier actually felt a bit strange. In his impression, their staff did not like to take care of them, but the idea only flashed past and the soldiers should immediately go down.

This time I can finally go.

The soldier was about to take the person away, and Gu Huai finally spoke at this time.

"Well...I have nothing to eat today?" Gu Huai asked in a very normal tone, like simply expressing his doubts, "Tomorrow, the day after tomorrow?"

Colin: "..."

Colin closed his eyes and felt that he was going to faint on the spot.

I fainted, and when he passed out, he would not have to face the reality of this fate.

But it is impossible to say that fainting is fainting. Colin is now facing a proposition with a calm face, and the innermost person is already trying to grasp the hair and think about how to remedy it.

"...some." Colin's voice was slightly weaker than before.

Soldier next to: "?"

No, just said good to hungry for three or four days?

After hearing the answer, Gu Huai once again squinted: "Will there be Nomic fish here, I want to eat this."

The gray tower soldier on the left side of Gu Huai does not have a Zerg gene, and is not an insider, so he has only one idea at this time -

Was the captive of their troops arrested this time too conscious of being a prisoner?

Have you seen a captive who can order food when they are here? ?

But the reaction of the staff of the staff made the gray tower soldier suspect his ears.

"Yes." Colin read the reply back just now.

Both questions were answered affirmatively. Gu Huai’s face was naturally smiling. He stopped talking more and was taken to his “cell” by the soldiers who watched him.

On this road, I also met some gray tower soldiers. As long as they were soldiers with amber erect, they basically stayed in the same place when they saw Gu Huai.

The gray-tower soldier who was responsible for seeing Gu Huai was confused about this situation, but he concentrated on carrying out the task and took the person to the designated place to shut it down.

Gu Huai went down to the sofa in the living room and sat down. He looked around the room with a wide space and a very nice layout. The mood was very calm.

Because it was to be closed, several large terraces in the room were sealed and the windows could not be opened. However, if you stand in front of the glass window, you can see a beautiful seascape filled with azure blue.

Yes, this is still a sea view room.

No one would think that this was the treatment that the captives could have, so the gray tower soldier who brought Gu Huai to this room also left with a quirky expression.

Gu Huai came to the base of the gray tower for the rest of the gray tower soldiers. One of the high-rise soldiers had already touched it. The next step was to wait for him to approach him.

Gu Huai was calm and calm in the house being shut down, but Colin outside was very painful.

Usually, the smiles that are always hanging are gone, and the laughter can’t be laughed out. His abnormal expression makes the gray tower soldiers who have been training and tossing in recent days feel fearful, for fear that the other party will give them training. task.

Just now he promised to have Nomike fish, Can Nile star have this kind of fish, and when the soldiers took the people away, Colin immediately opened the communication.

Colin: "Go to the trade star next door and buy some Nomic fish back. At the latest, at 7 o'clock tonight... No, it will be brought back to the base at six o'clock."

Subordinates who received the newsletter: "...?"

Suddenly I received the task of going to the next-door planet to buy fish. The subordinates still had some squats and did not respond. The communication was cut off, leaving only one person to question the communicator.

At dinner time, at 6:30 in the evening, the house door locked by Gu Huai was opened on time.

Advancing from the door of the house to a three-tiered delivery car, Colin physically pushed the delivery car to Gu Huai.

“Is this all my dinner?” Gu Huai looked at the three-layered so many, and each floor was filled with a delicate disc trolley, and asked with a curious question.

Colin nodded in a tight state: "Well."

"Thank you." Gu Huaiwen thanked him with a smile and showed a little happy look.

"...you are welcome." Colin Baba responded.

"I can only stay in this room and can't leave. What is the reason for you to catch me?" Gu Huai asked in a gentle tone of hearing.

But in fact, it was his own initiative to come over, but now he has a fight.

Colin: "..."

"Maybe it's a misunderstanding." Colin explained with a hard scalp. "When I get things clear, maybe... maybe it will get you out of the house."

"I also think it should be a misunderstanding. I used to go out with my family. The starship just passed the Luo Daxing. But it was not long before I landed on the planet and I was caught inexplicably. I don't know what happened." Gu Huai followed the other side. The words began to be fabricated.

When Colin heard it, he took the whole cause and the result to the rational brain.

It turned out that the people of their troops somehow mistakenly thought that the other party was an important figure in the Star Alliance. As a result, they took people back to the base.

The other party is secretly running out of the door, no wonder there is no Zerg around to protect him...

When Colin’s brain was filled, Gu Huai looked around the room and said, “There is nothing in the house. It’s a bit boring to be locked up here. Can you give me some books before you can figure things out? time?"

"Yes." Colin immediately agreed, "I will send you tomorrow."

Gu Huai heard a smile again, and because of his good mood, Colin’s erect squats at this time.

At the end of the topic, Colin withdrew from the room.

After Colin left, there were many gray tower soldiers outside the door who pretended to pass by and sneaked at the door. They had the same erect. Because I saw Gu Huai being locked into this room, this house door had an inexplicable attraction for them, and could not help but want to come and see.

"Yalvis." Gu Huai called the name to the empty room except him.

Before he came, Gu Huai said it to the other party. If there is no monitoring in the house, it can happen. If there is monitoring, he will talk to himself.

After Gu Huai whispered the name, a tall, handsome and indifferent silver-haired worm came out of the shadow of the room and approached Gu Huai.

"Let's have dinner together." Gu Huai said that he coughed twice and pushed the plate of Nomike fish in front of Yalves. "Knock it for me?"

This fish Gu Huai can not eat himself. When he first ate it, he was assisted by Yalves. Today, because he thought that the other party was still with him, Gu Huai would say that he wanted to eat this fish.

Said to eat together, the next sentence is to help people knock on the fish, Gu Huai has not had time to reflect on their feelings embarrassed, Yalves to help him knock the hard shell of the fish.

For this, it was impossible for Arvis to use a little bit of strength. With the tableware knocking on the surface of the fish, Yalves quickly picked up the fishbone and pinned all the fish to the Guaihua plate.

"Does the cat eat fish really?" Gu Huai whispered to himself.

"Cat?" Arvis lowered his eyes.

Unexpectedly, such a whispered self-speaking was heard by the other party. Gu Huai snorted and raised his hand and scratched his cheek: "It is a very cute creature."

When talking about exports, Gu Huai soon remembered that he had promised not long ago that this big cat does not boast of other people's cuteness. Even if it is not a boast, the other party will not be happy.

Survival wants Gu Huai to quickly remedy, he said with a serious tone: "You often make me feel like a cat, um... that kind of big cat, because I think you are very cute, so I also think cats are cute."

The silver-gray tail behind Arvis seems to have just been scorned. After Gu Huai finished this sentence, the tail stayed up and the state was not moving.

Gu Huai gave his full score to this remedy.

Not only did the tail settle down, but Arvis slightly picked up his erect at this time. Although he did not speak, he was still able to vaguely see that the other party was still pretty good.

So why do you like being praised and lovely?

In front of me is a arrogant and indifferent silver big cat, but this big cat would like to be praised and lovely, which makes Gu Huai feel that the other party is more lovely.

Lovely to let Gu Huai at this time did not hold back and touched each other's hair.

Yalves is very obedient to Gu Huai's movements in his hair, and even lowers his head to make Gu Huai feel easier.

Not long after eating dinner, the sky outside the window was completely dark, and Gu Huai fell into contemplation with the only bed in the room.

Was this room designed for a single luxury residence, such a large room, not even the second bed.

Fortunately, this bed is big enough.

Gu Huai took the left side and naturally patted the left side of the bed: "You sleep here."

In fact, it is not so necessary to rest, but Yalves looks at the young black-haired youth who has been lying in bed. He walks over to the bed, takes off his military jacket and puts it aside, and then lie down on the bed.

Gu Huai soon fell asleep on the bed, and Yalves did not really fall asleep.

In the entire Zerg, the possibility of sleep every day is only Gu Huai. Other Zerg are only a few days to sleep, or even sleep, only occasionally take a nap.

Yalves rarely seldom sleeps. He waited for Huai to fall asleep and put his tail on the other side, forming a half-circle protection posture.

Like feeling something on the body, Gu Huai unconsciously explored the thing while sleeping, and touched it, he hugged it as a pillow.

After hugging, Gu Huai also subconsciously pasted his face and licked his face, and in the process of swearing, his lips inadvertently rubbed this tail.

Such an unintentional kiss made Arvis squint, and he quietly took the young man who had fallen asleep into his arms with his tail.

So when Gu Huai woke up the next day, he blinked at a close look at the slender neck of Arvis's skin.

Because the upper body is only wearing a white shirt, the male body of Yalves, which is not covered by the military uniform and has a smooth line and is obviously full of power and beauty, will be clearly displayed, and Gu Huai is now close to each other. .

Gu Huai has been stuck for a few seconds, especially when he finds that he still holds the other's tail in his hand, which is even more dull.

Is his sleep so bad?

Gu Huai couldn't help but doubt himself. Just as Gu Huai was overwhelmed with the tail, the footsteps near the door saved him.

The footsteps of Gu Huai were inaudible, but Yalves heard it. He put the military uniform back on his body and then hid it in the shadows.

The person who came in the house was Colin.

Yesterday, Gu Huai said that he wanted a book. Colin today let people move a bookcase full of books. He now moved the big bookcase into the house.

"So many books, I am optimistic for a while." Gu Huai looked at the bookcase.

Colin was satisfied with the requirements of Gu Huai: "There are more, I just moved a part."

"I should not be able to finish these. My family will come to me soon. If I confirm that I am caught here because of misunderstanding, when my family comes over, should I be able to leave?" Gu Huai asked.

Family... leave...

The two words that I heard made Colin’s happy mood suddenly fall, but he nodded. “Well.”

"Speaking, your eyes are very similar to my family." Gu Huai said slowly, "Although I don't see who you are, but your eyes make me feel familiar."

Colin’s mood was just like a roller coaster ride. The words of Gu Huai made him happy again.

"When I was in Luo Daxing, I heard that your organization's name seems to be called the Grey Tower?" Gu Huai mentioned this matter like a common topic. He asked him, "What kind of organization is the Grey Tower?"

Colin was asked to stay, and he began to turn his brain quickly.

Even if he only touched for a very short time, Colin could feel that the youth in front of him was a gentle person.

Colin thought that their organization was using the "comet" to aim at the planet where the Star Alliance headquarters was located, and the corner of the mouth couldn't help but pump.

No, this thing must not let the other party know.

Looking at the soft black hair of the young man in front of him, Colin quickly filtered out countless answers in his mind and finally blurted out -

"We are a charity."



Chapter 44

The whole room was quiet for a few seconds.

After Colin spoke out, his expression seemed to be twisted for a moment, but he eventually stretched his face.

Gu Huai did not expect to hear such an answer, but his reaction was still relatively quick. At this moment, he blinked and responded: "Hey, it turned out to be a charity."

"Yeah." Colin turned his face and nodded.

“It’s good.” Gu Huai smiled. “I think the people who will join the charity are very kind. It will be very easy to get along with such people.”

Seeing that the youth had no doubts about their own words, Colin’s slightly stiff expression, and then vaguely responded: “Oh... um.”

The smile on Gu Huai’s face is that he really couldn’t help but laugh. He picked the book from the bookcase that was moved to the wall and looked down at the cover of the book. He asked: “Why then why? Will I go outside and arrest people? I seem to hear you talking about the torture group yesterday...?"

Send a proposition -

Colin's eyelids jumped and continued to rack his brains: "The torture group actually has nothing to do with our organization. It is the department of the government on the planet."

"We have a friendly relationship with the government of this planet. We also arrest people because they say that there is an important fugitive to flee. We are here to help..." Colin squinted and made a fool of himself. When he said it, he paused. "I Of course, I believe that you are not a fugitive. This is a misunderstanding, but because I still need a little time to walk the program, I can't let you leave the room right away."

If he wants to let the other party go out now, what he has to face is not to send a proposition, but to die on the spot. ,

Colin tried to win a lie time for herself.

Gu Huai nodded and expressed understanding, not angry because he was to be locked.

"What activities do you organize in the organization, can you tell me? I am very interested in charitable organizations." Gu Huai continued to chat on the topic edited by the other party, and the lips were slightly raised.

The student who was sampled by the class teacher for the summer homework, Colin quickly replied and said, "We...the community sends warmth! Protect the neighborhood."

- Receive protection fees.

"Retaining people who are homeless."

- Including the gray tower soldiers.

"As I said earlier, I will assist some of the current work of the Planetary Government."

The last sentence is really purely edited, because there is no government at all on the Nile.

In this kind of gray area that is not under the jurisdiction of the Star Alliance, the forces in the galaxy are very chaotic, so every planet here is also very chaotic.

This "chaos" means that there is a lot of turmoil inside the planet, but to be honest, since the gray tower has been rooted in the Nyala star, the security of the Nyala star has indeed become much better visible to the naked eye.

Therefore, Colin felt that he had just said that they were protecting the neighbourhood of the neighbourhood. In fact, it was not entirely a lie, and it was too strong to say it.

“I feel that these activities are very meaningful.” Gu Huai expressed his approval very well.

Because of Gu Huai's applause, Colin felt a guilty conscience and became more and more determined that he could not let the other party know the real situation of the gray tower.

If the youth are told what their organization actually does, even if the other party is not angry with the deception, they will certainly not treat them with such a soft attitude, let alone praise and smile.

"Speaking of this period of time, the interstellar is not so stable. It seems that there is something wrong with the Star Alliance, saying that the Star Alliance headquarters was targeted by a weapon called 'Comet', and the situation is very critical. "Gu Huai mentioned this topic and showed some concern.

Colin heard this, the body was first reflective, then he tentatively asked: "... Are you worried about the Star Alliance?"

Gu Huai replied in a normal manner: "Okay, the Star Alliance is very important to maintain the stability of the entire Star. I am worried that the symbol of peace will disappear, and this symbol can not be cut with the Star Alliance, so I am worried that the Star Alliance It’s not wrong.”

"I don't want the current stable environment to become confusing, um... in fact, mainly because I don't want my family to be in danger. In any case, the danger in a peaceful environment may be much lower than in a chaotic environment. "?" Gu Huai Wen narrated, and turned down the first page of the book.

"..." Colin closed his eyes and closed his eyes, thinking of the "comet" that he had arranged with a small team of people. He said he could not speak.

The guilty conscience did not dare to continue to face each other here. Colin said: "Then you read the book first, I still have to work, I will leave first, I will try to get you out of the room as soon as possible."

"Good." Gu Huai Anshun took the spot.

As soon as he left the house, Colin immediately brought in the soldiers from several areas of the base.

He had to start the process. It was a lie that he couldn’t come out alone. He had to let other people in the base play with him.

The soldiers from the base a to the c area are here. Colin opened the first sentence and asked: "What is the organization of our gray tower?"

The soldiers looked inexplicable and looked at each other for a moment, and they couldn’t answer it for a while.

"...armed organization?" One of the Grey Tower soldiers tried to answer.

Then he was taken aback by Colin in silence: "I remember all, I only said it once, we are kind, kind, group, weaving, and then someone will ask you if you ask."

Soldiers on the scene: "?"

Although I was very eager to hear the words "charity organization", because of the emphasis of the horrible second-hander, and the serious expression of the other party, the gray tower soldiers did not dare to smile.

But the charity organization... This is inconsistent with the gray towers, and it’s too bad for them. It’s like telling jokes. The people who listen don’t laugh, they laugh at themselves.

I couldn’t understand why the second-handedness of my own organization suddenly raised this strange request. The soldiers present said that they did not dare to ask, they just obeyed by default.

But on the second day, most of the gray tower soldiers understood the reason.

Gu Huai got the right to leave the room on this day. Colin told him that he had finished the procedure. He didn't have to be kept in the house and could go out and walk outside the house.

"You can leave this room, but you can't leave the base." After saying this, Colin added, "Because the base is not so safe, the security problem is still there... You said your family will come to you, that is Before they come over, it would be better if you stay in our organization's base."

"Well, I am also planning this." Gu Huai answered.

Colin tried to say: "Do you need me to take you there?"

Gu Huai shook his head and smiled back: "You don't have to be so troublesome. I just walk around and I shouldn't get lost."

As it turns out, Gu Huai walked so casually in the base of the Grey Tower. It was really not to get lost, but like the pedestrians, the gray tower soldiers who saw all their eyes were squatting when they saw him. A face stunned in the same place.

There was a person in the base who had never seen it swaying, and the other party got permission from their superiors.

At first, the gray tower soldiers who were instinctively attracted by the Zerg gene when they saw Gu Huai did not dare to approach each other, or even resisted.

To say the reason, this is mainly because of a subtle inferiority mentality, because I know too much about how weird the shape after receiving the genetic modification. These gray tower soldiers do not want to see Gu Huai.

Seeing disgust from the eyes of others, they have no feelings, and they have long been disheartened. However, because they accepted the genes of the Zerg, they could not care more about Gu Huai's opinion. Therefore, they did not want to see the same eyes as others in Gu Huai's eyes.

But not long after, these gray tower soldiers found that Gu Huai’s gaze was always maintaining a constant temperature without any negative emotions.

Even the emotions of surprise, surprise, and so on, as if they were just ordinary people.

When this incident was discovered, it was difficult for these gray tower soldiers to resist being attracted. They all began to follow Gu Huai in the base. During this period, everyone tried to pretend that they were charity workers. The scene was very comedy. sense.

The second base of the base led the subordinates to make such a big deal, and the leader certainly could not be unaware of it.

Only the last two days were left for the set-up time of the "Iridium" launch. On the penultimate night, Colin went to see their leader, Siwa.

Usually, Colin dared to smile at Siva, and even the attitude of dialogue was not like facing the leader. This time, it was obviously more serious.

"I feel that the day after tomorrow is not very good, it is better... I will adjust the launch time of the comet later. What do you think?" Colin asked quietly.

"Not very good." Siwa replied coldly.

If you can ignore the villain doll on his weapon pack that is hanging earlier than anyone, the other person's sentence may be more convincing.

Colin was just saying this because he suddenly said honestly: "In fact, I am not so obsessed with destroying the Star Alliance."

The appearance of Gu Huai changed their minds, and most of the soldiers in the gray tower base are now estimated to be the same as he thought.

If the Star Alliance headquarters is destroyed according to their plans, they will see the young and frowning expression of the young and young in two days. It is a bit difficult to breathe when thinking about it.

"..." Siva did not answer, although he was cold-faced, but for Colin's recent practices, he actually adopted an acquiescence attitude in an informed situation.

This time is the same.

During the two conversations, Gu Huai stayed in the room at this time, took the storybook and looked at the time.

Gu Huai feels that he has done his best to do what he can. He has spared no effort in these days to express the idea that he does not want the Star Alliance to be destroyed by the gray tower soldiers in the base. He also said that he hopes that "the comet" "Can terminate the operation.

As for what kind of results will be faced in two days, Gu Huai does not know.

These two days are an ordinary wait for Gu Huai, and it is a long time to suffer from the Star Alliance.

The residents of the planet where the Star Alliance headquarters is located have now been evacuated as much as possible, leaving only the Star Alliance staff who have volunteered to stay.

The closer the time is to the time when the gray tower is talking about the "comet" launch time, the more nervous the staff of the Xingmeng headquarters staff is.

x month x, 15:00 pm.

Time arrives accurately.

When the second hand turns a circle, and finally slams the minute hand to the full point position, a huge beam of light that breaks through the darkness of the universe like a light of dawn breaks from several places outside the planet to the headquarters of the Star Alliance.

Gu Huai is watching the star network, this scene is almost simultaneously broadcast live to his eyes.

Didn't stop it, Gu Huai thought in his heart.

The Star Alliance headquarters opened the planet's defense system as early as possible, and the multi-protection layer of the special reinforcement rigorously wrapped the entire planet.

In the face of the huge beam of fast approaching, all the stewards of the stewards who are willing to stay are holding the mentality of death.

This extremely intense beam of energy quickly approached the planet, and the remaining Star Alliance personnel refused to close their eyes at this moment.

Even if they are to face death, they will have to look at the planet at the end.

But the next second in the arrival of this beam -

"Hey-!"

In front of the planet where the Star Alliance headquarters is located, a colorful super-large fireworks has exploded, and the picture is very beautiful.

All the people in the interstellar who are concerned about this scene have not been able to react and collectively hold on.

After the fireworks, the planet seems to have nothing to happen.

Star Alliance Headquarters: "?"

Is there anything wrong with the Grey Tower? ?



Chapter 45

The beautiful fireworks completed its bloom, and in the final formation, the image of a q version of the villain was fixed in the universe for a second.

The universe wrapped around the planet of Star Alliance quickly returned to a silent black. At this time, the headquarters of the Star Alliance was very aggressive, and the people of the interstellar people were also very aggressive.

Not...

For the Star Alliance and the StarCraft people, they are of course very happy and glad that the Star Alliance headquarters has not been destroyed by the "comet", and the symbol of peace in the interstellar is preserved.

But what is the ghost of the gray tower?

On the day when the "Star" was used to destroy the Star Alliance headquarters, the momentum launched a huge beam of light, and then gave them a fireworks in person. ?

The journalists of all ethnic groups in the interstellar group have already written the first drafts of their two versions of the news. Then they only need to process the first draft according to the actual development, and they can send out the press release.

Whether or not the Star Alliance headquarters can resist this attack, this matter is enough to be recorded in the important historical events of the new era.

The first draft of these two editions of the news, one content is the mourning of the disappearance of the interstellar peace symbol. Another content is of course to commemorate the Star Alliance to tide over the difficulties, and the tribute to the Star Alliance continues to stand.

But as a result, the gray tower came over and put out a fireworks. The journalists in the interstellar star watched the fireworks fall into a sluggish situation. At this time, they looked down at the two manuscripts on the terminal and saved them with a pair of blood vomiting expressions. Dragged together to the destruction option.

None of the two versions of the manuscript can be used!

Unlike the opportunistic reaction of the Star People, Gu Huai saw through the image that the huge beam of light had turned into a fireworks. He blinked his eyes and stretched the eyebrows that had just been wrinkled.

Originally, Gu Huai was about to bend the eye tip a little, but after two seconds of seeing the shape of the fireworks, his expression stayed.

That shape like the q version of the villain...

Gu Huai read the video playback again, and then paused when the super giant fireworks slammed into the shape.

Confirming what the paused picture is, Gu Huai can't help but smoke the mouth of the mouth, and his eyes are empty for a few seconds.

The Star Alliance was irritated, and they were still trying to guess what the Gray Tower was.

Is it going to put a fireworks first to make them less wary, disrupt their preparations, and when they are in a disorder, suddenly launch a "comet"?

Regardless of the speculations of the people of the various races in the Star Alliance and the Stars, the soldiers on the side of the Grey Tower changed the "Stars" into fireworks according to the order. Now, the two powers are headed, and a group of Gray Tower soldiers stand in the room of Gu Huai. Outside the door.

These gray tower soldiers are looking at the closed door, they want to know Gu Huai's reaction to the fireworks, but no one dares to find an excuse to enter.

Everyone thought that they ran to the 17th floor in unison, and they both turned away from the door and turned away. As a result, a group of people were all crowded outside the door.

"No wonder I asked you how to postpone the launch time of the comet. You told me that it was not very good. You have already thought about second-hand preparation, and deliberately said nothing to wait for me to come to you." Dare to go into the room, Colin You can only turn over the old account with their leader.

Siva is still cold-faced and ignores each other.

It’s no problem to change the “star” into a fireworks. This fireworks is still in the shape of the q version of the villain. Colin can’t help thinking, why didn’t he think of such a good idea?

The young people in the house are worried about the Star Alliance, and they will definitely pay attention to what happened today. If you pay attention to today's events, you will definitely see the fireworks.

I don't know what the other person thinks about this fireworks...

A few minutes after the gray tower soldiers outside the house looked at the door, the door was suddenly opened from the inside.

They heard a bang and the doorknob turned, and then the gray tower soldiers saw Gu Huai push the door open for a half-width gap and sideways to look at them.

“What are you doing outside?” Gu Huai pretended to open the door inadvertently and looked around the door with amazement.

Actually, Gu Huai was aware of many emotions transmitted through a door. He knew that there was only one door away from him and he knew that there were many gray tower soldiers standing outside the door.

Originally, Gu Huai wanted to wait for them to come in, but found that the latter stayed outside the door and did not move, then he had to shout.

"Oh, we...we are coming..." Colin swallowed.

"Advanced is coming." Gu Huai pushed the door a little further.

After Gu Huai finished speaking, he left the doorway, leaving the gray tower soldiers who stood outside and stood in the same place. You look at me and look at you, hesitating for a moment, and finally they can't resist going into the house one after another.

At this time, Gu Huai had already sat back on the sofa, and was looking down at a book that had not been read before.

The face of Gu Huai’s reading was very quiet. The gray tower soldiers who came in the room couldn’t help but look at this picture.

Colin was introduced to ask questions, and he tried to ask: "The fireworks... Do you see it?"

Gu Huai was not considered to be obsessed with reading the book. He put the books on his hand together and then nodded and said, "Well, I saw it."

Gu Huai’s answer gave the gray tower soldiers on the scene a slight gaze, and Colin then replied with enthusiasm: “Do you think it looks good?”

Gu Huai thought of the shape of the fireworks at the end, and the corner of the mouth couldn't help but twitch slightly, but Gu Huai clearly perceives the expectations of the gray tower soldiers around him at this time, he still chose to respond to their expectations.

"It's pretty good." Gu Huai smiled at them.

Ignoring the shape that made the fireworks last a bit shameful, Gu Huai felt that the fireworks were really beautiful.

As soon as I heard Gu Huai say good-looking, Colin immediately said: "In fact, this fireworks, we can make some more, if you want to see..."

Although the cost is not cheap, the gray tower can still afford it.

Gu Huai heard a quick cough and shook his head and said, "Look at it once, you don't have to show it to me."

A few more times, the Star Alliance is estimated to be insane.

However, this fireworks was originally intended to be seen by the other party. Gu Huai’s refusal to let the gray tower soldiers present feel a little pity, but they are still very happy that Gu Huai likes this fireworks.

"Is this fireworks originally released by you?" Gu Huai intentionally expressed a kind of surprise afterwards.

Colin thinks that they still have a lie to be round. He squinted and said, "Well... yes, yes, we organize to congratulate the Star Alliance in advance to overcome the difficulties, so give them a fireworks."

The lie said that his face was not red, and Colin heard that the young man had no doubt and snorted, and expressed full confidence in his words.

The lie of the charity organization can be rounded up, and Colin sighed with relief.

After the Star Alliance experienced a fireworks that forced them to fight, the next few days were watching the Gray Tower will do something else, but it was really calm and nothing happened, which made their tight nerves now I am in a state of tiredness that I want to relax and not dare to relax.

In the days when the Star Alliance was still nervous, Gu Huai’s days in the Grey Tower were quite comfortable.

Living in a sea view room does not say, you can order any meal every day, what you need is basically as long as you can get it.

The soldiers of the Grey Tower are very happy in these days, because Gu Huai is here, the base suddenly gave them a sense of belonging.

But happy, happy... they soon had to face a reality.

"Is my family coming?" In fact, I already know that my own Zergs have come through the light spot in the spiritual field. Gu Huai still picked up the book and looked up Colin.

If you can lie at this time, but Colin faces the youth's gaze, his **** is shrinking, and finally nodded honestly: "...Yes, they said to pick you up."

Gu Huai said that it was so good, because the happy expression on his face was seen, the emotions of the gray tower soldiers present were very complicated.

Although from the outset, it is understood that such a day of ownership does not really belong to them, but when they are to be lost, these gray tower soldiers will still feel low and sad.

But because Gu Huai’s performance at this time is happy, they will also have similar feelings, so the mood is very contradictory now.

The Zerg is so powerful that it will protect the king of his race and provide young people with a more comfortable living environment than their base.

Zerg is better than them...

With this in mind, the mood of these gray tower soldiers suddenly fell.

The Zerg’s Yula warship has landed on the planet’s surface of Nyala, and with this elite fleet came the other three heads of the army except Yalves.

The Zerg troops entered the base of the gray tower. At this time, it was no longer necessary to hide the body shape. Yalves appeared in front of Gu Huai earlier than other Zerg, and used his tail to encircle Gu Huai's body.

The chief of staff who is good at negotiating has already negotiated with the gray tower. The gray tower agreed to let the Zerg take Gu Huai away. This is what Colin agreed at the beginning.

Unintentionally, the atmosphere of the entire gray tower base was low. As Gu Hua came to pick up the Zerg who came to pick him up, most of the gray tower soldiers in the base shrank their gimmicks.

Even a small number of gray tower soldiers who did not have the Zerg gene, they did not feel the warmth and belonging that were treated normally in the past few days, but now they are not equally emotional.

What to say when you say goodbye is not very good for the people of the Grey Tower. They have not experienced this for a long time since they were forced to undergo genetic modification, and no one can let them do so.

"That... fireworks - yes, fireworks, we will put it near Tuse Star every year in the future, you can see it when you arrive." Colin said with a smile.

The gray tower soldiers who were present did not forget that Gu Huai said that the fireworks looked good. At this time, they all agreed with Colin.

Although the smile on the other side's face was not as ugly than crying, it was really reluctant. Gu Huai looked quietly and made what he decided from the beginning in the next second.

Gu Huai stood on the side of the Zerg team, but at this time he extended his hand to the gray tower soldiers opposite him.

He said: "Don't you go home with me?"



Chapter 46

Gu Huai’s hand stretched out and heard what he said. The gray tower soldiers across from him did not react immediately. Everyone’s face had a sly expression.

Come back home……?

Is this saying to them? ?

I can't believe the truth of the words I heard. These gray tower soldiers stopped to watch Gu Huai in their place. Because of their self-doubt, they couldn't move. No one dared to go forward.

"What, what...?" Colin snorted and tried to prove.

Gu Huai kept his hand out, and he repeated his words in a serious and gentle tone: "Don't you go home with me?"

This time it will not be a mistake, just because they have confirmed that they have not heard the mistakes, the gray tower soldiers present are now more speechless.

Colin’s voice stalked in his throat, and it’s even harder to say: “When you go home together...?”

Is that what they think?

Gu Huai would not be deliberately unclear at this time. He did not make these gray tower soldiers uneasy. Then he clearly said to them: "You are going back to the Zerg territory with me, and then stayed and left." Are you willing?"

This sentence cannot be misinterpreted, and the meaning is clear.

At the scene, some of the gray tower soldiers squinted their eyes and let the unconscious, slightly moist eyes dry again, to avoid any humiliating things.

Then of course they are willing!

Colin nodded, and in the joyful mood, she was preparing to step forward to catch the hand that Gu Huai was stretching over. Who knows that he just walked forward and had not had time to lift his hand. This matter was given by the next person. Cut off the Hu.

I haven’t said a word at the side, and Siva, who has a face on her face, took a step on Gu Huai’s hand. Colin took a moment and reacted to the other side with a murderous look.

But he can't say anything. Objectively speaking, Siwa is the leader of the Grey Tower. It is indeed more appropriate for him to complete this move than the other, and he can express the attitude of the entire gray tower.

Anyway, no matter how many promises, after they made it clear that they were very willing, Colin only hesitated and asked carefully: "But you... why do you have such an idea, let us go back with you, go home of……"

Once the heart has completely accepted the Zerg gene in the body, Colin can no longer use the term "you" for Gu Huai.

For the Grey Tower soldiers, they are very resistant to the genes of other races that they are forced to fuse, because in their perception, these different race genes make them strange.

But at this moment, the gray tower soldiers accepted by Gu Huai also began to learn to accept themselves.

Gu Huai heard the other person's question and blinked clearly and clearly. "I didn't say it before. Does your eyes make me feel familiar? Why do most of you have such eyes? Reasons I know."

"I met other people in your organization in Luo Daxing. It happened to be a soldier with such eyes. Their performance in all aspects gave me the same feeling as the normal Zerg, so I couldn't leave them alone." Having said that, moving over the line of sight to look directly at the opposite person, "The same is true for you."

"There is no way to leave it, so I ran over and tried to manage you. If it goes well, I will bring you back together." Gu Huai said frankly, he directly confessed that he came to the base of the gray tower with purpose.

When Gu Huai talked about this level, Colin couldn’t figure out the situation, but he didn’t think about the other’s deception first, but thought about it.

Then the lie that he had sown before was not known to the other party? ?

Everyone knows everything, but they are still willing to accept them.

Colin opened his mouth and couldn't make a sound. After a while he said, "Well, let's go now?"

Not that he couldn't wait alone, all the gray tower soldiers present were the same reaction.

They immediately wanted to follow Gu Huai home.

"Yeah." Gu Huai back to affirmation.

When I saw Gu Huai nod, all the members of the Grey Tower began to pack their bags. In fact, they did not want to bring their own luggage, that is, to bring all the materials that can be used in the base...

These are the things they want to give to the youth, including the "comet" that has not been launched.

The luggage was packed, and the soldiers of the Grey Tower took their warships and sailed behind the Zerg fleet.

The Zerg territory, they have not been to, when they were still normal, they also heard the cruelty of the Zerg.

There is a strange and unknown place to go, and everything is full of uncertainty, but these gray tower soldiers still choose to follow without saying a word.

Gu Huai said to them "Go home together", they are full of trust and full of expectations.

The fleet of the Grey Tower followed the Zerg fleet to the Norad Galaxy. Gu Huai temporarily placed these Gray Tower soldiers in Tuse Star and then began to deal with an important matter.

Let the chief of staff contact the headquarters of Xingmeng, and Gu Huai is now going to ask the Star Alliance for the people they owe.

Why did the "Comet" not launch at the scheduled time, but turned into a fireworks, and the intelligence obtained by the Star Alliance from the branch of Lotta Star now understands that this is due to the help of the Zerg.

The reason why Luo Daxing did not fall is because of the help of the Zerg.

In the era of extremely developed information, any news is easy to spread, and the people of all ethnic groups in the interstellar group have heard the news.

When the communication was connected, Gu Huai faced the Star Alliance Parliament opposite the communication image, and did not say anything, and quickly went straight to the theme -

"The Grey Tower will no longer pose a threat to the Star Alliance. You can rest assured that the Zerg will take over the disposal of the Gray Tower and hope that the Star Alliance will not intervene."

With the partial damage caused by the Grey Tower to the Star Alliance and the fact that they have made the recent interstellar atmosphere tense, the Star Alliance cannot possibly pursue the fault of the Gray Tower.

Normally, these gray tower soldiers will certainly be convicted of trial, but Gu Huai now makes this request to them, and the Star Alliance can't refuse.

The influence of the Zerg gene on the soldiers who transformed the gray tower, the Star Alliance has already understood, objectively considered, if they agree with the requirement of Gu Huai, it is equivalent to let the Zerg directly obtain a strong army.

Not only an army, but also the "comet"...

It’s impossible to say that it’s not a concern, but the Zerg people have just helped them so much. The Star Alliance headquarters has not been destroyed by the other side. If they disagree with Gu’s request, such a shameful thing Can't do it.

In the face of human feelings, the Star Alliance agreed with Gu Huai’s request.

Although they actually disagree and useless, the staff of the Grey Tower are now in the territory of the Zerg. If Gu Huai does not pay, the Star Alliance cannot be strong.

Now, Gu Huai took the initiative to send a message to them saying that they would not interfere. The Star Alliance knew that this was actually a performance for them.

"We will give reasonable disposal." Gu Huai said this sentence slowly, and it was not long before the communication was cut off.

Disposal is to say to outsiders, Gu Huai has long thought about what to do.

The Zerg has a very large number of planets. After all, in the old era of frequent wars of various ethnic groups, the Zerg is the most ferocious one. The number of occupied planets is also the highest among all races.

And these occupied planets, not all of the Zerg have to develop and build, and some planets even retain their original state, so Gu Huai is so planning -

He set one of the planets that still need to be built and built as the residence of the gray tower personnel, so that the gray tower soldiers who joined the Zerg can personally build their own homes. Of course, the Zerg will provide all kinds of help for the construction of the planet.

Externally, it is said that these gray tower soldiers are assigned to the wild star for labor transformation.

Gu Huai said his plans and asked their opinions to the gray tower soldiers who were temporarily placed in Tusexing. The response was a bright look.

"We are very willing to do this." Siwa replied on behalf of the entire gray tower.

For the Grey Tower soldiers who have never been accepted by anyone, what they want most is a home. If they can build their own homes, they will not feel hard at all, only a sense of accomplishment and happiness.

This planet that needs to be developed and built is not far from the Tuse Star. This also makes the gray tower soldiers who want to be close to Gu Huai feel very good.

It is said that it is a labor reform. It can be seen that the Zerg forces are also helping to build the planet together. People in other races in the interstellar group can still wonder what is going on.

But the Zerg has already given the outsiders a saying, and believe it or not.

It is not easy to carry out preliminary development and construction of the planet. For example, it takes a lot of manpower and material resources to open up wasteland, build houses, and set up traffic.

In addition to using the Zerg black technology for planetary development, Gu Huai also took some other ethnic science and technology creations for construction.

Gu Huai went to marry the wool of Xing Xingmeng. The fact that the Xingmeng is not guilty of the Zerg is not small. This wool is actually not actively taken by Gu Huai, but the Xingmeng himself said that he is willing to give a return, so Gu Huai You are asking for it.

Although the Zerg's various black technologies are very good, such as the Eurasian warships, they are very envious of other races, but Gu Huai feels that they can't let go of the development of serious science and technology, and some science and technology creations of other races are worth learning.

Gu Huai also played a big role in the construction of this planet. The specific situation is like this -

"If the soldiers can hear your voice, the project can at least increase the speed of completion by 10%. If you speak in an encouraging tone, the speed can be increased by 10%."

"If you go to the inspection in person, the subordinates believe that the time spent on this project can be directly reduced by half." The chief of staff pushed the glasses.

Gu Huai: "..."

Gu Huai took a slap in the mouth, but he still listened to the chief of staff, and went to the project site to see the gray tower soldiers and the Zerg, and his construction enthusiasm was even higher.

Not long after, the initial development of the planet, Ai Weixing, was completed.

There are houses on the planet, and there are various infrastructures that can become a normal place of residence.

"You will live here later." Gu Huai looked at the planet that had just completed part of the development, and bent the eye on the gray tower soldiers in front of him.

Although the infrastructure is only completed now, it will certainly be built better and better in the future.

With or without the genes of the Zerg, all the gray tower soldiers who heard the voice of Gu Huai were tight at the moment. They looked at the planet and their inner feelings were inexplicable.

They also have a home.



Chapter 47

Although the initial development of Ai Weixing was not long before it was completed, it took half a month for this “not long time”.

Compared with the normal construction speed of other races, the Zerg side has black technology and high-tech, and the efficiency can be said to be very good.

** The Erte people heard that the Zerg was building a planet in an expedited manner, and recently sent a team to help. Recently, after the Helters expressed their feelings, the Zerg’s other neighbors in Tusex also succeeded. To provide resources or human assistance.

It is one thing for the Zerg to need their help. Their race is no longer invaded by the Star Thieves under the protection of the Zerg. Now, whether as an ally or remembering this kindness, they should act.

Gu Huai told the chief of staff that they should learn from the science and technology of other races. For example, he felt that the robots were quite easy to use. The technicians on the Zerg side received instructions and quickly took Gu Huai from the Star Alliance. The batch of intelligent robots that came back gave them a few pieces of dismantling, and the manufacturing method was analyzed after seven weeks.

On the scientific and technological level of Zhengjing, there is still a gap between the Zerg and some well-developed ethnic groups.

The Zerg's combat power is inseparable from its various black technologies, racial abilities, and the quality of its soldiers. Because their black technology will continue to grow and evolve, the Zerg has never paid much attention to its own technological development until Gu Huai mentioned it.

Just as Ai Weixing has just started construction in all aspects, the Zerg uses some of the science and technology learned from other races on the construction of the planet, and learns it directly.

The emergency brought by the gray tower came to an end. During the construction of Ai Weixing, Gu Huai finally had time to do what he had not had before.

When Kapaliya came to see him, Gu Huai left the other side and let Yalves, who was with him, leave for a while.

When Gu Huai made this request, Arvis did not immediately obey, but picked up his mouth and silently watched Gu Huai for a while.

This big cat is very obvious. Gu Huai wants to not accept this response from Yalves. He whispered: "I have something to say to Kapaliya alone. It should be good soon. It is."

Although Yalves still had a cold expression and looked at his mouth, he looked at Gu Huai for a few seconds and finally left with Gu Huai's wishes.

It was also because it was observed that Arvis did not obey Gu Huai's request from the beginning, and Capalia wrinkled her eyebrows in a cold frost.

Gu Huai could not help but scratch his cheeks and sighed a little helplessly.

There are subtle conflicts between Yalves and the other three heads of the army. This is what Gu Huai discovered before. When he was preparing for mediation, he just happened to hit the gray tower, and it was delayed until now.

As for why I want to mediate, I only look for Kapaliya. That is because Gu Huai thinks that although Kapaliya’s alert performance against Yalves is the most prominent, it will be cold and frowning, but in the three legions, Capalli Ya must be the one that is most easily convinced by him.

As long as one of the three officers is persuaded, the alert attitude of the other two will gradually disappear.

"Yarvis is actually like you, it won't hurt me. You and Ai and Simodo don't need to be wary of him." Gu Huai sat down on the sofa and started to work with Kapaliya. This conversation.

The female Zerg in front stood still, Gu Huai patted the seat next to the other side to signal the other person to sit down, Kapaliya cold face, but quickly obediently sat down in the position of Gu Huai.

"Yarvis is inherently dangerous to you. He is always out of control. If he loses control, it will hurt you." Kapaliya said, the brows are getting tighter and tighter. "He is not obedient to you."

Regardless of the title, attitude or something else, Kapalia felt that the other party was not satisfied with Gu Huai.

However, as a party directly contacting Arvis, Gu Huai’s feelings are different from the other three heads.

"I don't think I have to worry about getting out of control. The state of Yalves has been very stable during this time. You should have seen it too." Gu Huai patiently persuaded, the tone was very gentle, including the eyebrows are soft, not Strong performance.

With Kapaliya's degree of obedience to him, Gu Huai can actually ask the other party to put down the warning to Yalves, so that even if Cappalia does not change her inner thoughts, she will do the same in behavior.

However, Gu Huai chose to explain and persuade, because he understood that the three heads of his own family would have such a reaction because of their concern for him. Gu Huai’s expression could not be serious.

After Gu Huai finished the sentence, Kapaliya was still frowning. The brow was actually slightly loose compared to the previous one. At this time, sitting next to it did not speak.

Gu Huai made persistent efforts and went further: "And he finally didn't listen to me?"

The performance of Yalves’s other three heads of the army is lack of obedience, but on Gu Huai’s side, he obviously feels that this big cat is very obedient when facing him, and sometimes he makes him feel cute. It is.

Thinking about this, Gu Huai did not pay attention to exporting some inner thoughts: "He is very obedient."

Probably because I heard this accidental name from Gu Huaikou, Kapaliya unconsciously released the wrinkled eyebrows. She knew that the name of this cub period was almost equivalent to taboo for Yalves, but It seems that Yalvesken has asked Gu Huai to call him.

I noticed that Kapalia suddenly relaxed her eyebrows when she heard the nickname "Jiujiu". Gu Huai thought about it and couldn't help but say: "Do you want a name for Kapaliya?"

Hearing this question, Kapelia's cold face showed a slight change in expression.

As long as the king's question should be answered without reservation, but because the inquiry was too sudden, Kapaliya's idea seemed to be blank for a second, and therefore missed the opportunity to answer.

Kapaliya: "..."

But Gu Huai regarded this silence as the default, so he brainstormed.

What is the meaning of good and suitable for each other's nickname...

Thinking about a long while, Gu Huai tempted and asked: "How about Luna?"

Then Gu Huai took another explanation: "The name Luna is on the side of the human race, with the meaning of the moon, and it feels very close to Kapaliya."

"Subordinates and...the moon?" The light in the icy squat of Kapaliya seemed to have a wave of swaying, like ripples on the quiet waters.

... phase contrast?

No one has ever said this because no one will compare the Zerg, even the female Zerg, with any beautiful, beautiful things.

The Zerg is a cold race, not only because others think so, but the Zerg itself thinks so.

"Why did the subordinates..." The eyes had a strange sense of moistness. Kapalia quickly blinked in the cold expression, worried that Gu Huai misunderstood, she said, "I don't feel sad."

Gu Huai heard that he remembered that he and Kapaliya met for the first time through the video communication. He yawned because of mental exhaustion and caused his eyes to be wet. After being seen by Kapalia, the other party was very angry.

Because in Kapaliya's understanding, the expression of crying and tears is because of sadness, and sadness is due to suffering.

It is difficult for the Zerg to understand crying and tears, so there will be such misunderstandings.

"Joy will also cry, Kapaliya." Gu Huai smiled and smiled. "It’s not only painful, but tears, when you are happy and moved."

The left hand of Kapelia's sharp knife form was quietly placed, and after a very short period of abnormal performance, she had returned to normal expression.

For Gu Huai, she still has doubts, but at the same time she seems to understand.

Kapaliya said that she is not sad. According to the reaction of the other party, Gu Huai thinks that the other party is willing to accept the nickname he took.

"So, the matter of Arvis, we reached a consensus like this... um... Luna?" The card was stuck, and Gu Huai thought about changing the name.

Originally, Kapalia might have to frown and meditate, but she was interrupted by the nickname. Now she hears that Gu Huai uses her "Luna" to call her, and Kapalia suddenly stands up and looks. Tightly nodded and hurried away.

On the way out of the outside, Kapaliya just happened to meet Arvis again, she did not show any alert, just stretched her face and continued to walk away.

After Kapaliya left, Gu Huai thought about the performance of a big cat when he asked to leave. He decided to take the initiative to go out and find his sincerity.

Yalves is not difficult to find. Gu Huai did not look for a long time from the house. The big cat did not know which way to come to him, and soon followed him.

"Is not happy again?" When Gu Huai said this sentence, I don't know why it is a bit of a laugh.

Normally, people who are unhappy and unhappy should make people feel very difficult to deal with, but probably because Yalves will be particularly obedient to him even if he is not happy, and it is also very good, this big cat does not Happy performance in the eyes of Gu Huai has become inexplicably cute.

Yalves is coveted and does not deny Gu Huai’s words, but he does not admit it silently.

"So many are not happy, what other unhappy things?" Gu Huai asked, intending to smash together.

Yalves responded to this question. He said in a cold voice: "Other people are holding your hand and are not happy."

Because Gu Huai took the initiative to reach out, and Yalves understood the meaning behind this move, he did not stop.

But not blocking it does not mean that you will not care.

It turned out to be true.

Gu Huai thought about the matter of the words of the next Yalves, saying that when he reached out to the gray tower that day, his hand was caught by Siwa.

This is also worth unhappy...?

Gu Huai once again deeply understands the degree of the cat system in Yalves, and the monopoly is too strong, and the other party is still stunned and there is no one for himself so long.

"That's it?" The previous thing was impossible to change. Gu Huai took the initiative to hand his right hand to Yalves, thinking that he would hold the other side for a while, then it should be even with the previous things. .

Yalves looked at the hand that Gu Huai had extended to him, and the corner of his mouth gradually flattened. He said that he did not hold Gu Huai’s hand.

Normal zerg's body temperature is low, Gu Huai is different, his body temperature will be warmer than humans.

Therefore, when Yalves holds his hand, Gu Huai clearly feels the cool temperature of his palm and the skin on the back of his hand.

The bones of the hand that were held seemed to be very fragile and could be crushed easily. Arvis felt this, and he did not dare to force it, only gently holding it.

Gu Huai's body does not have the defensive power of the normal zerg. The skin of the ordinary zerg is hard to be damaged by the general weapon, but Gu Huai is different, so the Zerg always treats him with a careful attitude of 100,000 points.

Even Arvis, he understood this vulnerability.

If it is to destroy, of course, it is easy. With the power of the Zerg, Yalves can directly pinch the hard black stone into powder. The difficulty is to protect this fragile but precious thing.

After giving it a good grip, Gu Huai felt that he should be almost the same, and he only took it back.

"Let's take a look at the construction progress of the air track. If it is done well afterwards, I think the traffic of Tussex can also increase the air traffic." Gu Huai glanced at the direction of the project, he should also go today. A sway.

His swaying to the construction site really speeded up the construction progress. Gu Huai was a bit aphasic about this setting, but in the end he accepted it without words.

Yalves did not object, so the two did not take long to go to the place where the Avene is building an empty track.

The progress seems to have been completed by a quarter. Gu Huai first swayed for a while at the scene, and then he was going to look for Siwa and asked the soldiers of the Grey Tower how they felt at Evistar during this time.

But unfortunately, when Gu Huai took Arvis in the past, he just saw Siwa and his former lover.

"This is not where you should come. Didn't see what I am going to be now, go back, the whole Sano family is waiting for you to inherit." Siva is indifferent.

"That line, when I go back, I will pick up ten or eight wives. I will send you my wedding sticker at the time, and I will send it one month." The young man next to the dress who is obviously dressed as a nobleman’s child blinked. After this, the words are ready to go.

But the other party did not get through. The young man who was deliberately stimulated by the young man with this sentence grabbed the other's wrist tightly, and then the two men did not retreat to let them know what happened again, but in the end it was tearing. Kissed in a bite.

Gu Huai then saw this picture a few meters away. The first reaction was to avoid it. As a result, he turned his head and saw that Arvis, who was next to him, continued to look blankly.

Gu Huai coughed and cried to the other side.

Yalves has his eyes narrow. He just learned where the correct kiss position is. His eyes stopped on Gu Huai’s lips for a while, until Gu Huai looked at him with a puzzled look, and Yalves went to the other side. Take a step closer and then lower your head.

"Kissing can only be done by people who like it." Finally, it was discovered that Yalves’s observation was just learning. Gu Huai stopped the other’s behavior in time and educated him in front of the big cat in a very helpless tone. “So I I told you before..."

"Hey like Ahuai." Didn't let Gu Huai finish the words, Yalves first stated this sentence in a low, cold voice, and the light golden squint looked at the other side without hesitation.

Gu Huai suddenly stunned, this sentence can make him worry too much, whether it is that Arvis said to him, or the other party actually fouled to use "Jiujiu" to claim, the name for him is also I heard it for the first time.

Gu Huai still didn't know how to react. He listened to Yalves and said to him, "I want to see you."

This sentence was not the first time Gu Huai heard it, so he responded better. He asked: "Because watching me can make you feel quiet?"

This kind of dependence makes the other party misunderstand it as a favorite, nor is it impossible...

Thinking this way, Gu Huai tried to organize the language: "Those you imagine, if there is another person who can make you feel quiet, in fact, you will find that you should have the same feeling for that person and for me...? ”

Gu Huai said, his heart faintly passed a little uncomfortable feeling, but disappeared so quickly that he could not catch it.

Yalves frowned: "I only want to see you."

Gu Huai didn't consciously blink, and it became more difficult to organize the language: "Because you haven't met another person who can make you feel quiet, if you meet..."

"Not the same." Yalves set his eyes on him, his voice slow and slow. "No one but you can do it."

Gu Huai: "..."

No more languages ​​are organized.

Only for those who like to kiss, Yalves does not understand this rule, but the Zerg only kisses because of strong love.

Because he was just rejected, Yalves lowered his head this time and stepped back and gently kissed the lips of Gu Huai.

"Only you can."

I like it.



Chapter 48

Being kissed by the lips, Gu Huai’s mind was blank for a moment, and in a state of being in a moment of silence, the ears were silent and red.

After accepting several rounds of straight ball, it was still very sudden. The Gu Huai didn’t catch it. He could only retreat in the face of the big cat’s offensive in front of him. He couldn’t stay in the same place as before. Calmly dealt with.

These straight **** are obviously not without a half effect. The ear tips are hot. Gu Huai reluctantly calms himself down. At this time, he once again said in an education tone: "But there are many kinds of likes. Not every one likes can kiss others like this. ”

Hearing the words of Gu Huai, Yalves looked frowning with a blank expression.

Like is like, why are there many different?

Yalves has only one kind of favorite, that is, he has produced this kind of Gu Huai, so he can't understand Gu Huai's words.

But because of the habit of obeying Gu Huai, Yalves is now frowning and not refuting.

In Gu Huai's eyes, Yalves's love for him should be due to some dependence and excessive cat-like personality. Although the other person said "like" to him, this kind of love is not for lovers. That kind.

"For example, if you like me, it is not the kind that can kiss this position." Gu Huai said, pointing his finger to his lip position.

Gu Huai felt that the big cat in front of him didn't understand anything, so he had a strong heart in education.

This big cat is as clean as a blank sheet of paper, so it is fouled every day, often too cute, so that Gu Huai can't stand it for a long time.

Yalves heard the words and sighed, and asked in a low voice: "Which kind of love can you kiss here?"

Seeing that Arvis always had a very serious expression on his face with indifference, Gu Huai involuntarily looked down at the other side under the gaze of the other party, and then explained: "The kind of love for lovers can."

Gu Huai knows that this big cat certainly does not understand what kind of love is for lovers. The other party may not even understand what "lover" is, so he quickly adds another sentence when Yalves seems to be coveting: "You don't like me like this, so you can't learn from Siwa."

I saw everything and learned, and I learned it immediately, and Gu Huai was a little helpless to the big cat in front of him.

Because of Gu Huai’s words, Arvis immediately swears: “Why is my favorite not this one?”

Gu Huai was asked to be dumb for a second. I didn’t know how to answer this question for a while. I couldn’t answer “He didn’t think it was”?

Such a subjective answer is estimated to be very unconvincing to the other party. However, Gu Huai can't think of any theoretical objective explanation at the moment, and at this time he is passive.

Gu Huai's unconscious silence made Yalves even more tight, his side face was slightly tight, and he moved the tail behind his lower body.

Yalves believes that his like is the kind of ability to kiss each other, but Gu Huai said no.

Gu Huai looked at Yalves without asking questions, thinking that he might be so confused, so he did not continue this topic.

Now Gu Huai has not realized that it is impossible to get away with the silver cat in front of him.

The construction of Ai Weixing has entered a stable state, and Gu Huai finally has to go back to Tuse Star. Due to the gray tower, Gu Huai came back to Tusi when he came back for a little while. The construction of Weixing’s tossing planet is now officially returned to Tusser.

After the event of the Grey Tower, more races in the Stars have a new understanding of the Zerg, and the Zerg helped the Star Alliance. This is a very obvious signal, telling them that the Zerg is not the same as before.

If it is the former Zerg, it is estimated that the crisis of the Star Alliance will not look at it, let alone help.

When it was confirmed that the Zerg really changed, the minds of some ethnic groups in the Stars began to feel a little more active, and they thought about whether they had to make tentative contact with the Zerg.

"You have made a big news again." The two human generals who were left in Tusexing waited until the Zerg forces returned. Hammer scratched his head and looked at Gu Huai.

The most obvious feelings about the changes of the Zerg are undoubtedly the two human beings who were left to observe the Zerg in the vicinity of Thur Star.

In this incident of the Grey Tower, they really did not expect to be able to end this.

Gu Huai smiled back: "It is a pity that the culprit ran early, and the Star Alliance is still hunting."

One day, I won’t catch Gavin. This is actually not a complete conclusion. There is always a hidden danger. It’s not just the Star Alliance’s worries, but Gu Huai is not so reassured.

Gu Huai talked with two humans. Arvis looked at him with no expression on his side. His eyes were always on Gu Huai. Later, like what he thought of, Arvis squinted. Look at the two humans opposite Gu Huai.

The attitude of the opposite youth was as gentle as ever. Shen Mu and Hamer were very relaxed, but suddenly they received the sight of the silver worms around the youth. Both of them couldn't help but succumb to the body in the cold eyes.

Why did you suddenly look at them and look at them?

Survival wants the two to think about this matter, even they have already discovered it. In the presence of Gu Huai, Arvis’s vision is not to look at other people.

When Gu Huai went back to the room to rest, Yalves officially looked at the two humans who were staying in the same place.

"..." The two men in an unclear situation stretched out.

To be honest, the two of them did not want to face Arvis. In the four divisions of the Zerg, Arvis made them feel that the oppression was the coldest and terrible.

If they have to face it, they hope that Gu Huai can be nearby, so that the silver worms in front of them will at least not be so gas-filled.

The reason why Yalves looked at them was because he needed someone who could answer his questions.

I don't know how to make Gu Huai affirm that his like is the kind of love for lovers. Yalves looks at the two faces with no expression: "If you like the kind of lovers, how do you want another? Do people know?"

All aspects of human emotions are richer than the Zerg, and this issue should be better understood. Yalves thinks so.

Two humans: "...?"

Both of them were asked for a second, and their brains almost couldn’t turn, but Hammer had a better answer to this question. He replied: “It’s good to tell the other party directly.”

Yalves did not speak for a few seconds, then continued to look at each other with no expression: "He said that there are many kinds of likes."

Hearing here, Shen Mu, who was next to him, didn’t understand anything. Hammer knew almost everything from these conversations.

The "he" that the silver worms in front of them said, Hammer does not have to know that it refers to Gu Huai.

This is obvious from the perspective of a bystander, and people with a slightly higher emotional intelligence can see it.

So the current situation is probably... Arvis said that he liked the Majesty, but the Majesty did not really understand.

This is a bit difficult.

However, Hamer looked at the person next to him and felt that he couldn't go anywhere. He thought about it and replied again: "That may be... a lack of pursuit process."

"The pursuit?" Arvis raised his eyes.

In view of his failure in this regard, Hammer coughed: "This can go to the Star Online to learn about it and see what method is right for you..."

Hamer really did not dare to teach, for fear that if he did not succeed, he would also die on the spot.

If Jarvis had a thoughtful thought, he would leave in a cold expression.

So the next day, when Gu Huai woke up, at first glance, in addition to seeing the Tucker stalkers guarding his bed, he also saw Yalves standing nearby.

When Gu Huaigang saw it, he didn't have time to get up. His forehead was bowed and kissed by Arvis.

This happened when I woke up. Gu Huai was still sleepy, and now I am sober.

Star Online said that the lovers should have a good morning kiss, and Yalves did it.

But after doing this, Yalves waited for a long time, and the youth in front of him did not respond to him as the star network said, which made Yalves draped his eyes.

This big cat loves the habits of his loved ones. I am afraid that Gu Huai just woke up, and now I can’t think of too much in my mind. He saw that Arvis was coveted, and when he got up, he raised his hand and touched it. Touch each other's hair.

Star Online also said that the pursuit is to let the other party know your favorite moments.

But the way the Zerg expressed his favorite way was to kiss, so now that he was swayed by Gu Huai, Arvis once again approached and began to gently kiss the young man's cheek several times.

In addition to not taking care of the position that Huai said that he couldn't kiss, almost every place in Yalves was almost touched like a stepping point. It was like a big cat marking a person who likes it.

Every time before Gu Huai’s refusal was not severe, it was because of this that he was actually in disguise indulging in Yalves.

The reason why there is not such a severe rejection is not only because the big cat in front of the show is too cute, but Gu Huai is relatively slow in this aspect, so that it has not been discovered yet.

The gentle kiss from the cheek to the lower jaw made Gu Huai, who was just awake, unable to respond for a long time. Once he returned, he immediately pushed Yalves away, and the tip of his ear was naturally red.

"It is said that only people who like it can be kissed." Gu Huai turned his head.

"No pro is here." Yalves's eyes stayed on Gu Huai's lips.

Gu Huaiyi, he thought that Yalves might understand his previous words as besides the lips, other positions are not like the lovers, but also can only be speechless.

During his silence, Gu Huai received the flowers that Arvis sent him.

Or Eleanor, the expression of Arvis this time seems to be extraordinarily serious, but Gu Huai did not think much, thought it was the same as before, so he quickly took it.

But at the moment when Gu Huai took the flower, he was suddenly hugged by Arvis, who was raising his tail. He heard the low voice of the other side: "Ahuai is now my 'pure lover'?"

Gu Huaiyi, this time I think of the flower language of Eleanor is "pure lover", it is also of special significance to send this flower and accept flowers.

But the question is, haven't they taken the meaning of this flower seriously before, how suddenly changed? ?

When there is a need to change, Yalves is very straightforward about this idea.

Gu Huai has not yet answered, he heard that Arvis further said to him: "I want to kiss here."

By Yalves looking at his lips with his eyes, Gu Huai was dumbfounded by the other party’s performance of a series of fouls that he woke up to, and now the other party now uses the self-proclaimed “Jiujiu” to ask him to ask for such a request. Gu Huai almost breathed in without breath.

This big cat is really too foul, and it is still a natural one, but Gu Huai thinks that he can't hold a random promise because he is cute.

"No." Gu Huai reluctantly insisted on himself.

This incident made Gu Huai a headache. He didn't know how to make Yalves understand that his likes were not for lovers. He couldn't convincing each other.

In fact, people around the spectator, such as Hammer, think that this is the kind of like, but Gu Huai did not see it.

Because of the entanglement, Gu Huai mentioned this when he was still talking to two human generals in a few days.

"You have to say that you don't like it, too," Hammer said.

After hearing the approval, Gu Huai scratched his cheek: "Right, I will say..."

"It's fascination." Hammer said again.

Gu Huai moves a meal.

"Because he is obsessed with you, so I listen to you."

Gu Huai heard quickly thought of the lack of surrender of Yalves to him. Since there is a lack of surrender, why did Yalves listen to him...?

Gu Huai did not think about this problem, but now Hammer said so, he suddenly could not refute.

Yalves is obsessed with him, no matter what he said, this big cat is willing to obey...

Unexpectedly, I realized that this matter, Gu Huai’s heart sighed softly.

That was denied by him. Is this big cat not particularly wronged in recent days?

When I thought about it, Gu Huai couldn't help but raise his hand and rubbed his eyes, which made him even more headaches.



Chapter 49 

Gu Huai’s headache was looked at by Hamer sitting across from him, and Hamer suddenly wanted to laugh.

It is not a schadenfreude, but he is looking at two worms that are equally lacking in understanding of certain aspects.

When Hammer left, Gu Huai picked up the documents on the table and tried to start looking through them. These documents were brought to him by the Chief of Staff. The contents of the documents were related to the construction of Tuse Star and the diplomacy of other races.

The development of Tusexing can be carried out. Now the traffic of Tusexing is mainly based on the use of floating vehicles. Gu Huai mentioned in the military conferences in the past few days that the traffic of Tusexing can also be upgraded to empty tracks. There is a related motion in these documents.

As the name implies, the empty track is a track that is directly set in the sky. It is necessary to plan the routes that can reach all areas of the planet, and then arrange the air train that can automatically drive on the track.

However, it takes at least one year to build an air track that covers the entire planet, even with the efficiency of the Zerg.

In addition to the infrastructure of the planet itself, and now that the Zerg is no longer absolutely independent, Tuse Star can now consider the development of foreign business and even tourism.

On the diplomatic side, the actions of the Zerg in the event of the Gray Tower were obvious to the entire Star. Not long after the event ended, Tuse Star received several signals from the temptations sent by some races.

Including the star network, the attitudes of the people of the interstellar people to the Zerg have also changed more, like this -

[—(Kembu Galaxy): I heard that the Star Alliance headquarters could not be destroyed this time. The Zerg helped a lot. If my friend who worked at the Star Alliance confirmed it to me, I couldn’t believe it at first. 】

[—(Ricchi Galaxy): It’s a lot of busy, it’s all about the Zerg, and the “Star” is not launched. I am still very grateful to them. We have a good time to solve internal problems, and we have not been peaceful for many years. I really don’t want to confuse the outside environment. 】

[—(Nortz Galaxy): The Zerg’s external attitude seems to be quite friendly during this time? 】

The number of Zerg’s diplomacy, after Gu Huai’s signing of the friendly covenant sent with the desk documents, will soon rise from single digits to ten digits, which is not a little bit better than before.

But Gu Huaigang didn't look at a document for a long time. Looking at a few pages, his mind quickly came up with what Hamer had just told him.

"Because he is obsessed with you, so I listen to you."

Still a headache.

Gu Huai put the documents together and put them back on the table. They had to think about how he would face Arvis.

Gu Huai thought that he not only directly denied the likes of Yalves, but also denied a reason for the other party when he denied it. He said it directly.

At the time, Arvis asked him why he was not, and he did not answer.

After so many columns, Gu Huai carefully smacked his mouth.

Gu Huai just thought that the big cat that he denied the favorite may have been wronged in recent days, but think about it again. He thinks that using "special grievances" may not be enough to describe...

Negation and rejection are not the same. If it is a rejection, Gu Huai should not have a headache now. The problem is that he directly denied the other party.

It seems... a bit too much.

Did not give Gu Huai a lot of headaches, Yalves returned to the government from the military, and soon appeared in front of Gu Huai.

To tell the truth, what is wrong, such a strong emotion is really difficult to manifest in the Zerg, because the Zerg itself lacks feelings.

The expression on the face of Yalves is always indifferent, giving people a very cold feeling, but when Gu Huai is now being watched by the other side with a black eye, I don’t know if it is the influence of psychological effects. Gu Huai’s inexplicable feeling The big cat in front of him seems to be a little wronged.

Gu Huai: "..."

Gu Huai suddenly had a weak position, and in a hurry, patted the empty position next to him: "Sit."

Yalves was slightly coveted, then listened to the side and sat down.

This big cat is very obedient, can understand the reason why the other party is so obedient, Gu Huai's heart is not so calm.

Realizing that Yalves had the kind of affection for him, Gu Huai couldn't think about how he felt because he had to face the reality of doing something too much.

Gu Huai tried hard to save the matter he had done. He thought about it for a while and didn't think about it. At this time, Arvis sitting next to him made a sound.

“There has been a plan for soil improvement in Tussex, and soil science experts have begun to recruit. After a while, we can start the improvement plan for the entire planet soil.” Yalves stated that the sound is low. .

Soil improvement?

Gu Huai heard a slight glimpse.

In fact, regarding the soil improvement of Tussex, Yalves had gathered relevant meetings in the military for a while, but because the realization of this matter is very difficult, the top executives of Tusestar have recently drawn up a Satisfactory planning.

This is for the sake of their own king, they must be very perfect.

"When the soil improvement of the planet is completed, Tuse Star can plant your favorite flowers." Yalves looked at Gu Huai. He said that there was no change in his expression, but he was observing the reaction of Gu Huai. .

This sentence made Gu Huai almost quickly reflexively blinked his eyes, and he suddenly couldn't speak.

Regarding the flower, Gu Huai remembered that when he first came to Tuse Star, he said to Arvis that if there is a flower on the star, it would be fine.

Gu Huai said so at the time, but he knew that the soil of Tuse Star could not be planted, so it was only a hypothetical assumption.

And Yalves remembered his sentence to the present.

On the day he said this, the silver big cat ran to another planet to pick him up and went back to his room until he woke up and gave it to him.

After a few seconds of unspeakable time, Gu Huai said under the gaze of Arvis, he said: "Your back, I want to see it again."

Hearing this sentence, Yalves did not respond, but in the next second, he expanded a pair of huge silver-gray wings behind him, and he consciously hangs his hand to Gu Huai.

However, Gu Huai did not touch the silver wing of Yalves at this time, but said again: "I still want to see the tail more."

Yalves draped his eyebrows and moved his silver-gray tail to Gu Huai.

This is really too embarrassing...

Gu Huai silently watched as Yalves moved to the silver wings and tail of his hand, unable to tell what the feeling was inside, and at this time, he felt the sight of Yalves on his lips. .

For the first time, Yalves asked the same question: "Why is my favorite not the kind that I can kiss here?"

Gu Huai knows that he must not answer this time, and he has to correct his previous mistakes.

"It is the kind that can kiss you here, but...but not." Gu Huai said that he said that his words were contradictory and very difficult to express.

It’s strange to blame him before he said to the other person, the kind of love for lovers can be kissed here.

Gu Huai was thinking at the time, and Yalves was not like him. He couldn't say that it was so complicated. Just let the other party know that he couldn't do this. As a result, there is now a scene of moving his own feet.

"Why not?" As Gu Huai expected, Yalves asked this sentence, and it was a very obvious expression on his lips.

In the cold face of Yalves, the expression of the slightly sullen corner did not break through this indifference, but in the eyes of Gu Huai, who was a little weak, the big cat suddenly became more wronged.

Gu Huai barely supported a small meeting under the gaze of Yalves, and finally couldn't stand it, and made a move he had never thought of.

He suddenly approached the past and kissed the side of Arvis.

At this moment, Yalves's erect squats into a thin line, and the body is as tight as a battle, and the line of sight is firmly fixed on the young black-eyed youth.

Although it was such a state, Yalves really flattened the corner of the mouth that had just been squatting. The silver wings were slightly lowered, and the cold silver-gray tail was also laid down docilely.

In addition to staring at Gu Huai, this big cat is like a smashed look.



Chapter 50 

Gu Huai Ghost made this behavior worse, and when the pro was finished, he was not good after the reaction.

Even if I think that this big cat is particularly wronged, I feel that I have done something wrong before, how can he use this method? ?

Gu Huai wants to cover his face, but this action can not be done under the eyes of Yalves at this time.

However, it turns out that this is really very effective. After Gu Huai finished this move, the silver big cat in front of him is now more than ever.

After long-term staring at the collapse of the erect, Yalves squinted at Gu Huai, and he once again picked up the corner of his mouth, but the expression revealed a different expression.

The present expression of Yalves represents restraint and obedience, because he was so kissed, and he even let go of Gu Huai’s failure to answer questions.

And Gu Huai feels that he may not be really good at the moment. In this messy state of mind, in the face of the performance of Yalves, the first feeling in his heart still feels that this big cat is cute...

Lovely to even feel that you can kiss again.

When this idea came out, Gu Huai immediately collapsed.

When Gu Huai did not feel that the bottom line was going backwards, the instinctive possessiveness would make Yalves closer now.

"When can I kiss this place?" With a handsome, cold face, Arvis asked the question with a low voice.

Fouled.

The mind is blank for a second. At this time, Gu Huai feels that his mouth is not his own. Here, he opens his mouth and answers the question: "With... after that."

This answer is quite different from the initial "no". In fact, there has been a big step backwards on the bottom line.

But with the Zerg's plundering instinct, Jarvis would not be satisfied until he had completely possessed the beloved things he wanted.

"Why not now?" Arvis slightly moved his tail. He looked at Gu Huai instinctively and instinctively tried to let Gu Huai continue to make concessions.

The heat of the ear tip is spreading to the face, and Gu Huai is slow and can feel the cheeks hot. He barely said: "Because..."

... because shy?

The reason that came out in my heart made Gu Huaigang close his mouth when he finished two words. It was also at this time that Gu Huai finally realized that he had something to do with Arvis’s love for him. What kind of feeling.

It seems that from the time the two met, Arvis has been chasing him. This chase is often manifested as silent follow-up and gaze, and then an exceptionally docile obedience in front of him.

Gu Huai had never realized this kind of chase by Arvis, but in the whole process, it was not completely untouched.

And when this is discovered now, this feeling of being touched suddenly becomes clear.

But the reason that came out of my heart really couldn’t be said. Gu Huai simply did not do it at the moment. He abandoned the festival and kissed the side face of Yalves, and then put on a calm expression and said, "Don’t ask. ”

"..." Arvis swayed his eyes very quickly, flapping his wings like a butterfly, and now quietly and silently.

Yalves did not speak. If Gu Huai made a request to him by kiss, Yalves would have no way to resist.

If there is anything that can't be solved by the pro, then kiss both.

After the operation was over, Gu Huai looked at the reaction of the big cat in front of him, and even had this terrible thought in his heart.

The heat of the tip of the ear and the cheeks have not completely subsided, to avoid what the big cat has to do to make him difficult to parry. Gu Huai casually took out a document placed on the table and opened it to start viewing.

The heartbeat is faster than usual, causing Gu Huai to look at the text in the document and can't see it at all, but he is only pretending to be a look.

Gu Huai was looking at the documents, and Jarvis, who was left cold, quickly slammed his tail to Gu Huai.

After encircling Gu Huai with his tail, Yalves slightly picked up his erect, like a large cat that was scratched his jaw.

Gu Huai could not feel the silver-gray tail on his waist without looking down. He did not consciously blink his eyes and did not make any struggle to let Yalves act.

Because Yalves is very peaceful, the unnatural heat of Gu Huai's face has finally gradually decreased. Although the tip of the ear is still reddish, the words on the document can finally be seen.

After reading a few friendly covenants with different races, Gu Huai signed each of these documents, and later entered the friendly covenant into the star network.

The construction proposal of Tusexing, Gu Huai quickly approved, and the last remaining document is a bit different, is the test exchange of the Fields against the Zerg.

The Fields are one of the powerful races in the Stars and one of the first 12 races to establish the Star Alliance.

Most of the people in this race have gray-blue skin with a slightly long and curved horn on their heads. The spirit of the Fields is inherently superior, and in terms of mental strength, it is superior to most races in the interstellar. .

The text of Gu Huai’s hand is probably that the Fields people hope to ask a Zerg who has excellent combat effectiveness to go to their Imperial Military Academy to give a lecture.

In addition, the leader of the Fields invited him to Levin Star, the capital of the Fields, to be a guest, half a month later.

In fact, this document should be an invitation letter. It is only minor to ask the Zerg to go to the Imperial Military Academy. The first thing is the invitation to Gu Huai.

This is also the expression of the desire of the Fields to establish diplomatic relations with the Zerg. The move to invite Gu Huai to be a guest is a stepping stone.

"The Fields... is like Colin, is there a gray-blue skin race?" Gu Huai took the invitation in his hand and asked Yalves next to him.

Yalves nodded: "Most of the Fields are gray-blue skin, but there are also a few people whose skin is dark red."

Speaking of the second half of the sentence, Yalves seems to think of something, cold expression added: "The dark red skin of the Fields people will be subject to a certain degree of discrimination in the race, although it is said that a minority, in the race When the overall population is large, the number of minority people will not be lower."

Is there no contradiction within the race?

Gu Huai’s first reaction was this, but this was not something he needed to manage. Gu Huai quickly put this idea down and connected the communication with the Military Council.

"I intend to accept the invitation of the Fields. Do you have any different ideas?" Gu Huai asked the members of the parliament.

Upon receiving the video communication of Gu Huai, the tops of the Tusser who were originally sitting in the military conference room stood up all of a sudden, and then each looked up at Gu Huai, who appeared in the image.

Although Gu Huai is almost seen every day, these Zerg still hope to have more time to see Gu Huai, even if they just see the image.

The chief of staff went to the front of the communication image and pushed and said: "If you want to do this, there is no opinion."

The invitation was first passed by the Chief of Staff. The Chief of Staff first reviewed the invitation without any disrespectful words before submitting it to Gu Huai.

In the memory of the Chief of Staff, the Fields people have enough respect for Gu Huai's invitation in this invitation letter, and all the Zerg in the entire high-level parliament think this is worthy of praise.

Since there was no opinion in the entire parliament, Gu Huai assuredly agreed. Regarding the day when a Zerg went to the Imperial College of the Fields, Gu Huai discussed the candidates with his four heads of the army after dinner.

"The Fields are also a race with special abilities. It is more appropriate to teach by the Zerg of the Isadoro community." Ai took the lead.

The Zerg of the Isadoro group is also naturally born with excellent mental strength and good at abilities. Ai's ability is the peak of the Isadoro community.

Gu Huai heard a quick nod. He actually thought so, and after he nodded, Ai continued: "This matter can be handed over to the genus."

The content of the lecture can directly hold the students, and Ai thinks that this is also related to the face of his own king, so he thinks that he must do it.

"Yeah." Gu Huai did not think so much, and soon agreed.

There was still a half cup of milk on the table. After the discussion, Gu Huai had to take the half cup of milk and slowly drink it under the constant watchfulness of a group of Zerg around.

Eggshell milk has actually been consumed for a while, but there is still a cup of fresh milk in Gu Huai's daily recipe, which is said to be a balanced diet.

Gu Huai once doubted the authenticity of this statement, because when he was drinking milk, the Zerg who watched him always had eyes bright, which made Gu Huai think that their Zerg may just want to see him drink milk. Say.

But because not only the eyes are bright, Gu Huai can clearly perceive the happy mood of the surrounding Zerg, and he accepts the matter of drinking a cup of milk every day.

After Ai took a day to teach the Fields Emperor's Academy, Gu Huai decided to go to the college with the other party on the day of the lecture.

It has been a while to cross the world here, but Gu Huai has never seen the school of the Star Age era. I don’t know what the courses I will learn from these schools. Gu Huai is quite curious.

If conditions permit, Gu Huai even wants to attend a school in the future, but he thinks he is not a chance to be a student.

As long as Gu Huai thinks about it, if he is a student at a school, his parents are estimated to be able to pick him up and go to school every day, and then come back to give him a luxurious lunch. It’s not good to ask him every day whether he has been bullied by his classmates. As long as he answers, he is ready to open the Yula warship and blow up the school.

This picture is so beautiful, Gu Huai brain wants to cover his eyes.

When I remembered chatting with two human generals, Gu Huai remembered that he seemed to listen to them saying that they graduated from the best military school in the Earth Federation, and they can now talk to them.

"What? The Fields invited a Zerg to go to their Imperial First Military Academy for a day? This is too shameful." Upon hearing the Fields, Hammer immediately blurted out this sentence.

The entire Stars who do not know that the Zerg is powerful in combat, the Fields people see the Zerg recently talked, and made such a request, this is not a shame!

Gu Huai cast a doubtful look and did not understand why Hammer reacted so much.

"The Federal Military Academy of the Earth Federation and the First Military Academy of the Empire of the Fields are rivals of the dead-to-head relationship. I have been an exchange student with Hammer for a year." Shen Mu explained next.

Hammer suddenly reacted even more: "Wow, the exchange student of that year, we just wrestled with the group of Fields people. I dreamed at night that I was practicing the mech, that I could not lose this tone. ”

There was an old grudge, Gu Huai understood it, and looked at the reaction of the two people. He thought about it and asked, "Would you like to go see with me?"

"Speaking of it, you have been in the Zerg side for a long time, and it is almost time for you to go home." Gu Huai smiled softly. "When you are a guest, I believe that you have enough. Feel."

Shen Mu and Hamer couldn't talk for a while, and the feeling was really a lot. The feelings of seeing and experiencing them personally were more profound than those who told them a hundred times.

Zerg and human beings used to be enemies, but this is a new era, and perhaps it should really change. They also hope to have the opportunity to make this change.

Two humans agreed to Gu Huai's proposal, so after half a month, the two of them set off with the Zerg fleet.

"Is the size of this **** a bit..." Shen Mu and Hammer looked at each other silently, and both of them felt aphasia about the size of the fleet where the Zerg traveled each time.

Why do the Zerg go out every time, obviously not going out to do things, but each time they can create a sense of sight that makes people think that they are going to attack a certain planet.

It is really the size of this fleet is too exaggerated, why are the elite fleet, do you need to do this? ?

It’s all the elite fleets. The specification level of this warship is better. It’s better for this water destroyer-class warship. Who is going to scare the door? !

The last time I went to rescue other races, it was justifiable to force the big troops to force them, but this time it was only ordinary to go out...

"There can be no danger under your arm." The chief of staff opened his face with a cold expression.

Shen Mu, Hamer: "..."

You wake up!

No one wants to take the initiative to provoke you, most people see the Yula warship immediately turn around and ran!

However, the Zerg’s protection mentality against Gu Huai was strong. Shen Mu and Hamer had already understood it deeply during this time, so they silently chose not to speak at this time.

In fact, this **** team is already the result of Gu Huai's request to reduce the scale. After the scale reduction, the Zerg who can't follow Gu Huai to Levin Star are now looking at him with great disappointment.

"How long will it not go out, I will soon return to Tusser." Gu Huai Wen sounded.

It’s also a matter of days when you are a guest. Counting back and forth, you can go out at most for more than a week.

It was so comforted by Gu Huai that the Zerg who had to leave the house but could not follow and fell down were reluctantly regained their status.

Although Levin Star’s airport has received news of the Zerg’s visit to their planet in advance, but suddenly saw the Zerg’s oncoming black-pressed Yula battleship, Phil working in the monitoring site. The man was still scared and almost touched the button of the enemy attack.

Fortunately, the last reaction came because the Zerg was coming to visit their planet, otherwise it would be impossible to clean up.

Gu Huai was received by the leader of the Fields with VIP treatment. When he was able to move freely, Gu Huai thought about looking at the Imperial First Military Academy where Ai was going to teach the day after tomorrow.

After all, it is a school, Gu Huai must not carry so many Zerg in the past, so as not to cause any commotion.

"Karu, you have to stay here first, too many people go bad together." Gu Huai caressed the Tucker who wants to take care of him. He raised his hand and touched the sharp forearm of the Tektron.

The Tak Zerg, who was so appeated by Gu Huai, issued a long, low-pitched noise, as if they were unwilling, but they still obeyed Gu Huai’s request.

"We have been an exchange student there and can give you a guide," Hammer said.

Even if the Zerg is not close to protect Gu Huai, the long-distance follow-up guards will never be less, and Yalves directly hides his body and keeps it.

The school in the Star Ages is probably even more luxurious than the school gates...

Gu Huai came to the front door of the First Military Academy of the Phils, facing the entrance of the school, which was more exaggerated than the castle gate. He surprised his eyes slightly.

"In fact, it is not the case in every school. It is only the first military academy of the empire that was built especially proudly." Hammer did not let go of any opportunity to criticize the school.

But the next second after he finished this sentence, a gray-blue skinned Fields man came over: "Hey, isn't this Hamer? Why, this year's exchange student at the Federal Academy is led by you. Come over?"

A series of legendary encounters between Shen Mu and Hamer, the outsiders did not know, like Derek thought that the two had a good life in the Earth Federation and knew nothing about the experience of the two.

"Derek?" Hammer frowned.

To say that Hammer was the exchange student, who is the most tit-for-tat opponent in this school, it must be that Derek is now in front of him.

Whatever the two people compare, the culture class is better than the mech class, and even the comparison of the size of the balloon is so naive.

Hammer didn't pay attention to the latter part of the question, and Derek was the default, so he glanced at the only strange face in the opposite three, and smiled at Hammer: "The exchange that your federal college sent. Life is not worse than one year. This year, this one seems to have not been good last year. We have a genius in this year’s students, let them study together, it’s too cruel. Click on it?"

Hammer squatted, and it took a few seconds to react. Derek was talking about Gu Huai. He suddenly refused to look at the gaze and look at each other.

"The eyes are not good, it is not your fault, my old friend." Hammer shook his head and wanted to sigh for the other party.

But this does not blame Derek. First of all, Gu Huai’s looks look like ordinary humans. Secondly, with the appearance of Gu Huai, no one will doubt that he is a student studying at school.

"With so many years, you will only pout. If you want to teach the students to compare with my student, you will know the gap soon." Derek snorted.

At this time, Hamer can't directly say that the Zerg is standing in front of you, so it doesn't make sense for Gu Huai to let so many Zerg followers, and it will still alarm the entire school.

Hammer originally wanted to explain that Gu Huai was not an exchange student, but this time, he received Gu Huai's wink at him.

So Hammer said to his mouth and suddenly changed his mouth and said, "What do you want?"

"It's not too difficult, just test your mentality." Derek did not blush to make this one.

The excellent physical strength of the Fields is known to most races in the interstellar. Just now it was a gifted student. Now it is more demanding than the advantage project. Derek made up his mind to fall into the face of Hammer.

When Hammer heard it, he almost didn't laugh out on the spot.

Compared with the king of the Zerg, are you serious? ?



Chapter 51

Hammer’s expression changed a lot, and he didn’t know how he could hold back three laughs.

"It's not very suitable, you know, mental strength is the strength of your Fields people..." Hamer said with a false expression, the face that struggled to stretch his face looked a bit strange.

Lost in the strengths that are inherently superior, how much is it?

Seeing that the two are a year-long classmate, Hamer thinks that he has given a good hint to the foot. If the other party doesn't understand, then don't blame him.

Because Hammer is doing this, Derek asks: "What do you mean by this is that you dare not let your students compare with my students? But you have to know that your federal college will be very popular in our school. Concerned, the test results after enrollment will definitely be compared."

"If the gap is too big, this exchange student will be very stressed. I think it is better not to send the students over, lest your students have problems with their psychology."

This sentence is true.

Hamer heard the words and turned to look at Gu Huai. After seeing Gu Huai nod to him, he only promised the other party: "Well, since you said so."

Hamer pretends to be awkward, and he is really happy.

After Hammer agreed, Derek led the three of them to the test hall where the students were able to test their abilities.

The school gates have been so magnificently exaggerated. The test hall of the Imperial First Military Academy will of course only be more luxurious. The dome is a finely decorated painting, and the overall space is designed with great artistic sense.

Ordinary people coming in to the college may not feel that they are walking into a school, but they will mistakenly think that they are in a palace.

There are a lot of students gathered in the test hall at this time, because today is just the day when the students do the annual physical test.

Derek is now one of the instructors at the Imperial College, and he is still very popular among the students, so when he led three people into the test hall, the students in the hall turned their eyes.

Seeing three strangers, all human beings, the students could not help but be a little curious, and some have already whispered.

"Who are these three people brought by Derrick, the exchange students sent by the Earth Federation this year?"

"The exchange student should have only one year, I have not heard that this year has changed."

"I feel that the two people inside are a bit familiar. I always feel that I have seen it at school, but I can’t remember..."

This is a tall and tall Fields student who suddenly said, "I know! The two people on the left and the right are the predecessors who used to be exchange students in our school. They have photos of them in the school honor room. They both I am a person who has won the Honorary Student Award. It is very powerful, but I don’t know the middle one."

"Finan?" Derek looked around the students in the hall and didn't find his proud student.

A young Fields man with glasses came out of the crowd and stood in front of Derek: "I am here, teacher."

Seeing his most proud student, Derek’s attitude was mild and gentle. Feinan was not only talented, but also a good student who respected the teacher and respected the teacher.

For such students, it is hard to dislike the teacher.

Derek looked at Gu Huai in the middle of the trio and said, "This is the exchange student of the Earth Federation this year. You will go with him to test the mental strength."

Really an exchange student.

The students who were attracted to the attention in the hall were erecting their ears to hear what Derek had said. Now they hear the words "exchange students" and they suddenly feel up.

Their relationship between the First Military Academy of the Phils and the Federal Military Academy of Humanity is not one or two days. They send each other an exchange student each year. The exchange students are not necessarily the best in the school. The student, but must be one of the outstanding students in the school.

The achievements of the exchange students in the other school are related to the face of their own school.

The students in the hall heard Derek say that Feinan and the exchange students should go to the mental test. They have their minds to do their own physical tests, and soon one or two are close to their usual spiritual test. Next to the venue, wait to see how this will develop.

Watching the excitement is the nature of the majority of people in the interstellar race, and the Fields are no exception.

"Finnan, you don't have to be modest and play your true level." Before the test began, Derekett sighed.

The students around are also full of confidence in their own, so it is this way to see the lively mentality.

Finan is the best among their students. What's more, their race has an advantage in terms of mental strength. It is harder to say than others, but they are better than the spirit!

Gu Huai did not hesitate to follow the name of the Fields student to the test area, mainly curious to observe the inside of this test hall.

Gu Huai was just curious. He was interested in the school in the Star Age era, and Derek regarded him as an exchange student. Gu Huai was on the rise and wanted to follow the other side’s argument. The feeling of the student.

He doesn't necessarily have to try anything else, but if he simply tests his mental strength, Gu Huai thinks he should be fine.

"Don't wear this." Derek gave Gu Huai a metal texture ring, indicating that the other party was wearing it.

Gu Huai took the ring and quickly followed the instructions.

After watching Gu Huai put the metal ring on the index finger, Derek said in a proud tone: "Our school's testing equipment is the most advanced in the interstellar, and now all three devices are here. Last month, the latest products developed and manufactured have just been completed. The most intuitive figures can be used to display the mental power values ​​tested by students. It is more objective than other schools that can only test the old equipment with fuzzy power. A little bit."

These three devices are still hot, the manufacturing cost of the machine is several times higher than the old equipment, and the market has not yet sold, only in their schools.

Can I use the number to display the mental value?

Gu Huai heard his eyes, and he was very curious about what his mental strength could test. He has now completed his first mental advancement for a while, and his mental strength is richer than just breaking the shell. a lot of.

However, Gu Huai is still very self-aware, and he knows that he certainly can't really let go of the test.

Gu Huai's original intention is not to cause turmoil in the school, so this mental test, he put the water to just take a look at it.

"Finnan, you will start the test first, and give the future students a demonstration of equipment use," Derek said.

The young Fields, who was named by the teacher, listened to the ground and stood within three meters of the equipment, then pressed the embedded round stone on the ring.

When the ring receives the mental power, it makes a "beep" sound, automatically shrinks the size close to the finger, and then a faint beam of light is emitted from the round stone inlaid on the ring, and connected to the device.

After confirming the connection, you can start to output the maximum mental power directly to the device.

In just one second, the numbers on the display of the device changed dramatically, and finally settled on the "15179" number.

This figure directly aroused the surprise of the students at the Fields.

For the students present, most of their mental strength is only about 5,000 to 7,000. Finan is the genius of their students, and the other party is fully capable of taking the name.

The lively Fields students around are convinced at this time. This is the value of 15,000. The number of tutors in the school should be between 30,000 and 40,000, but there is still a lot of feinan. growing space.

"Very good, it has improved over last month." Derek looked at the test results very satisfied, his face was full of approval.

This student has not disappointed him in all aspects since he entered the school. Derek believes that the other party will be able to make a difference after graduation.

The color of the face did not recover. Derek turned to the black-haired youth standing next to him and said, "You should understand how to operate it? You can start testing."

After that, I added: "There is no need to be too stressed. As your teacher said, mental strength is the strength of our race. You are more normal than that."

Derek’s statement is not ironic. He just wants to drop Hamer’s face. He is actually more tolerant to students, even the students of the Earth Federation.

"Yeah." Gu Huai nodded and responded very politely.

Before the test value of Finan came out, Derek and the surrounding students had already confirmed the results. After the value came out, they did not think that Gu Huai had any possibility of winning.

Under the eyes of everyone, Gu Huai learned the way a person gave him a demonstration. First click on the round stone inlaid on the ring, and then the ring automatically tightens and connects the equipment, and then prepares to output mental power.

It should be just a matter of putting in a little bit of mental energy, and it is not important to win or lose.

With this in mind, Gu Huai Kai controls his mental strength and outputs what he thinks is "a little bit".

But Gu Huai has been so careful to control himself. In the next second when he tried to output only a little bit of mental strength, the metal ring he wore on his hand slammed into two halves and then dropped. Falling to the ground and making a few crisp and sweet sounds.

This is not finished yet. At the same time that the broken ring just landed, the machine equipment also followed the noise of nuzzling, and then a loud noise -

"Hey-!"

The equipment is declared dead.

Gu Huai stayed with this result, and the other people on the scene looked at the last displayed number on the screen of the device that was scrapped, and now they are all replaced with an incredible and stunned expression.

104794...?

Ten or 100,000? ?

Carefully counted the number of digits displayed on the screen of the device several times to confirm that there was really no mistake. Many students were able to put an egg in their mouths.

Uh... his level of self-awareness may not be enough.

Gu Huai suddenly realized this.

Gu Huai really only output a little bit of mental power, even the one that does not have one tenth. The result is not in his expectation.

"This equipment is faulty, you change to another test." Responding from the shock, Derek told Gu Huai.

Just under a step, Gu Huai tried to express his face naturally. He went to another device and changed his mental power from "a little bit" to "a little bit"...

This is definitely no problem.

However, this idea has just emerged in less than a second, Gu Huai ushered in the same ending.

"Hey-!"

The number displayed on the device is still 100,000, which makes Gu Huai stay.

Gu Huai hastily thought that maybe the value he just output is more than 100,000, and the device can only display 100,000 at most, so...

Both devices were blown up, and the already unbelievable Fields students were now more exaggerated, only to show their eyes.

And Derek couldn't convince himself that this was a machine failure. His expression was not much different from that of the students around him. It was as wonderful as a palette.

In the face of the extremely quiet scene that the scene was estimated to be heard on the ground with a needle, Gu Huai rarely had a dim sum and bowed his head.

This won't require him to pay for it...?


Chapter 52

Listening to the other party said that these three devices are still new products that have just been developed and manufactured. According to the tone of the other party, Gu Huai feels that the cost of these devices should not be cheap.

Then he now gave up two bad ones at once.

Gu Huai's surface does not change color, gently squint, he thought he did not bring money when he went out...

No, he has no money at all.

After knowing that this matter was realized, Gu Huai stayed for another second.

Since Yalves has returned to Thursin from the abandoned planet, Gu Huai’s life is basically a state of no shortage, and as long as he shows what he wants, the Zerg on the Thur Star is also very fast. I will send these things to him.

So that Gu Huai was born in this world from the broken shell to the present, he has forgotten the concept of "money".

Gu Huai only thought about the possibility of losing money, because other people who have been speechless because they are too shocked can finally make a sound.

"Impossible... even the mentor has a mental power of 30,000 to 40,000. How could he have 100,000...?!"

"But the results of the two tests are the same, the machine will not be so coincidental, just two times."

"The mental strength of 100,000... It’s a monster level, it’s too horrible."

The students looked at each other and saw the same horror from the other's face.

Hammer, standing next to Gu Huai, just heard this last argument. He couldn’t help but think silently in his heart. The 100,000 mental strength is still only the tip of the iceberg of this majesty...

No, it doesn't matter if you don't even have a corner. At most, it's a small tip.

The king of the Zerg can link to the horror of all the Zerg, and Hammer feels numb as long as he thinks.

This is a spiritual link to an entire race, and it is able to cross the galaxy and connect the Zerg in any star field of the universe over a long distance to convey his will to the Zerg.

When I thought of it, Hamer was lucky enough to be 100,000 points. The temper that was next to him was good. Otherwise, he and Shen Mu had already laid their coffins.

In that Oolong incident, if the other side used mental power to attack them without any precautions, he and Shen Mu must have died on the spot.

The entire test hall was quickly spurred by the arguments, and even students had quickly sent the matter to the group on the star network.

The information transfer between the students was very rapid. It didn't take long for the students of all grades of the Imperial College to know about it. The school was up and down.

In the school group -

[The Earth Federation sent a very good exchange student this year! 】

How powerful is it? 】

[The kind of spiritual power is broken by 100,000! 】

[...? 】

Below is a series of identical ellipsis replies.

It seems that I accidentally made things big...

Looking at the scene around, Gu Huai twitched his mouth and felt that most of the plans he had thought of not causing turmoil in school were to be ruined.

At this time, Derek had just slowed down from the shocked state. He looked at the two scrapped equipments. If the machine fails, he can no longer say anything.

If he let the other side go to the side to test again, then the last single seedling seedling may not be able to keep it.

"When did the Earth Federation come out like this... such a powerful student?" I couldn't find a suitable adjective. Derek stalked for a long time before he finished speaking.

When talking, Derek looked at Gu Huai's eyes with fear. In the face of such a result, Derek is now not convinced, and the students of their school lose to this level of opponents is not shameful.

Just think that such a student wants to come to their school as an exchange student, Derek feels that he and other mentors may not have the qualification to teach each other.

Hammer heard a lot of coughing, and he thought about telling the truth.

I saw that Derek had changed face, and they have already attracted so much attention anyway, and there is nothing to tell the truth.

Hammer: "Actually..."

Hammer just said two words, and the words were interrupted by Gu Huai’s question: "The two devices... um, that... need me to pay?"

Although it is not intentional, Gu Huai still has a little guilty conscience.

As soon as I listened to Gu Huai, Derek was immediately hurt. The valuable equipment in the school was scrapped twice. This is not a small matter.

It is possible for the Earth Federation to pay for them. Think of it, Derek spoke and said, "Of course -" is a must.

The words are not exhausted, a silver-gray tail will be dragged behind the young man opposite Derek, and Yalves will keep Gu Huai behind him, then facelessly facing the Fields.

Silent and stunned, the silver worms that suddenly appeared in front of him made Derrick stunned, and the iconic light gold erect and silver-gray tail of the higher zerg made Derrick's pupils zoom in and out for a while.

In the faceless expression of the face, Derek could not help but say in the mouth: "Of course not."

Deliberately issued a certain pressure, the feeling of oppression brought by Arvis standing in the vicinity made the Fields in front of him not very good. His tail was circled in a protective posture on Gu Huai, and looked at The face of the opposite person is very cold.

This distance between indifference and hostility is only one line apart.

Because he saw that Gu Huai had just bowed his head slightly and his face looked like an annoyed expression, Yalves felt that he was provocative.

It is the opposite of this Fields who is against him.

Gu Huai responded at this time: "Yalvis."

Looking at the opposite person seems to be a lot of pressure, Gu Huai habitually touched the tail that was ringing him.

Feeling that the tail was touched, Yalves slid his eyelids, although he was still in a state of expressionlessness, but he converged the pressure of intentional release.

The pressure on Yalves was reduced, and Derek was better than a lot. He didn't feel like he was standing in the snow and ice like no clothes.

The iconic character of Yalves is too good to recognize. The Fields students present are not going to make expressions now. They don't understand what magical development is in front of them.

Why did the Zerg’s army chief suddenly appear here, and why the other side would show up in protecting the human exchange student –

"The king of the Zerg... I remember it seems to be black and dark eyes?" At this time a Fields student made a weak voice.

Although the appearance of the real person has not been circulated on the star network, the first name of the most cute creature in this interstellar is the king of the Zerg, and the q version of the villain doll sold on the star network is black and black-eyed...

This sentence of the student suddenly awakened everyone in the test hall. If the young black-haired youth in front of them are the king of the Zerg, then all this can be said.

It is reasonable to guess that it is reasonable, but this does not prevent this discovery from letting the students once again hold it.

The king of the Zerg... is in front of them? ?

This cognition made the Fields students in the hall feel overwhelmed for a while, and Derek was completely confused. He just wanted to think about his attitude towards Gu Huai, and now there is an impulse to be on the spot.

Hamer came out to play a round and then told the facts. Of course, he did not mention why he and Shen Mu would follow Gu Huai.

"That's it." Gu Huai nodded to meet Hammer's words, "I am in trouble for you."

This sentence, Derek dared to pick up, had to shake his head quickly: "No trouble."

The discussion content of the school group was immediately updated. Although Gu Huai did not know about the group, he also wanted to know that he had caused an uproar in the school this time.

Since this is already the case, Gu Huai does not care so much, and directly takes Arvis to visit the school with great brilliance.

Waiting for the curiosity, I will go home.

"I am tired." After leaving the school gate, Gu Huai looked at Yalves next to him and blinked. "I want to sit back with your tail."

Yalves did not say anything, but he quickly lowered his tail and let Gu Huai sit on the top.

Just agreeing to the request, it is too much too... too petting.

Shen Mu and Hamer all came together to produce this idea.

This is not the first time that Shem and Hammer saw this picture. When they were on the planet of the Helters, they also saw that Arvis used the tail to carry Gu Huai in front of them.

The last time was passive. This time, Gu Huai took the initiative to request, and in fact there was a big change in nature.

When he was carried back to the guest house, Gu Huai had already slept against the back of Yalves in a side-sitting position.

Yalves hugged Gu Huai, his movements were not skilled, but the blunt movements had a touch of gentleness that was incompatible with the cold expression.

When Gu Huai woke up, it was already night. He sat up from the bed and saw Arvis.

"Asia..." Gu Huai had not had time to read the other's name, and he stopped because of Yalves's leaning over him.

This time, Arvis gently kissed his cheek, Gu Huai did not say anything, but the tip of his ear was red but still sitting there, like the act of acquiescence to Yalves.

This big cat did not ask for a foul this time, which made Gu Huai relieved, but when Gu Huai just relaxed a little, the kiss that Arvis fell on his neck made him shake the whole person.

The cognition of this big cat is probably that, except that the mouth can't be kissed, other places can be kissed. However, even if Huai Huai finds it, he can't correct it. He can only push the other side away.

But it was only pushed open. Gu Huai did not say "no" to Yalves.

The possessive instinct allowed Arvis to discover this for the first time, so even if he was pushed open, he would come back again to continue the kiss.

Gu Huai licked his lips and sat still as he did just now. The tip of his ear was a little red to red.

"There is something going on and everyone said." I feel that it will not be good to continue, Gu Huai quickly found a reason to get up and go out.

This reason is not all excuses, Gu Huai and other faces faded, he went down the first floor lobby.

Sitting on the sofa, Gu Huai coughed and said to the Zerg who surrounded him: "When I went to the school of the Fields this afternoon, I accidentally broke the equipment of their school..."

"Do you want to play a few more games?" The chief of staff pushed the glasses.

If you break a few, it is likely that their king is interested in this device. The first reaction of the chief of staff is to think so.

"If you break it, it will break. You will be happy." The news of the news is also said immediately.

The reactions of other Zerg are also similar.

When Gu Huai was aphasia, why did his parents think of this idea? ?

"No... I thought about it and thought I should still compensate for some of their losses, but... cough, no money." Gu Huai said that he couldn't help but cry again.

Gu Huai really did not experience this kind of experience, and he broke the experience of asking for money from his family.

"You can do it for us to do this." Kapaliya took it.

The next day, the First Military Academy of the Empire of the Fields ushered in the visit of the four Zerg leaders.

The squad scared the principal who went to the next-door planet for a business trip. According to what happened in the school yesterday, the principal and the mentor agreed that the Zerg was dissatisfied with their attitude toward the sire yesterday.

The four a zergs who came to the principal's room seemed to write the words "black and evil forces."

Just as the principal thought hard about how they should apologize, he heard the Zerg in front of him say to him: "The Zerg is willing to compensate for the loss of the scrapped equipment."

When this sentence came out, the principal did not know how to pick it up.

"No need to use it." The headmaster wiped the sweat on his forehead and refused. "The quality of our school equipment is not good enough."

How dare they want it!


Chapter 53

The headmaster tried very hard to refuse. He showed a sincere expression, saying that the school really did not need Zerg to compensate them.

Not to mention that the head is deliberately establishing diplomatic relations with the Zerg, and there will be Zerg to come to their schools to teach the students tomorrow. In order to consider the long-term friendly relationship between the two parties, they can't help but express their attitudes on such matters.

However, the principal said that the reaction of the Zerg side is like this -

Yalves faceless: "..."

Kapalia frowned, and the left hand of the sharp knife form inadvertently stroked the ground.

"Oh." The huge body of Simodo moved his body and made a dull snoring.

Finally, Ai said, "We refuse."

The smile on the head of the principal was stiff and stuck again.

We refused your refusal and you cannot refuse.

The headmaster couldn’t easily understand the idea. He replied silently: "That... then come according to your thoughts."

They all said that there is no compensation, and the Zerg is still compensating for it. It is really not the case that the smile on the principal’s face has become more difficult.

When the four worms who went out of the house returned to the residence from the school, Gu Huai, who was on the sofa in the hall and watched the holographic TV series, sat up very quickly. He looked up and looked at them and asked, "Is it still smooth, the school people? What is the reaction?"

What reaction...

The four insects in front of Gu Huai had the same expression and did not answer immediately.

Ai thought back and raised her hand and said: "I am very happy to laugh."

Smiled happily, it seems no problem.

Gu Huai did not doubt, and soon let go of his heart: "Well, that's good."

Ai will go to the school of Fields tomorrow to teach, Gu Huai thought and said: "I will go to school with you tomorrow."

I also know that my own Zerg people certainly have no experience as a mentor. Gu Huai thinks that he is still safer to look at the past.

Ai’s face showed a very shallow smile and nodded in response: “I understand it, I will wait for you to go out tomorrow.”

Today is still the time to freely move on Levin Star. Gu Huai said to the Zerg who followed him to the planet, let them go where they want to go, not to be with him.

Levin Star is generally a good planet in terms of law and order. Gu Huai feels that there are enough guards around him.

But Gu Huai said this to the Zerg in the house. All the Zerg in the room were motionless and looked at him all at once.

"Your Majesty, we don't have a place to go," said a Zerg soldier.

"We want to look at you." Another Zerg soldier opened his mouth.

The place they most want to be is the side of their own king, and there are other places that are more attractive to them than their own king.

They all just want to be the followers of their own kings, and they don't want to go anywhere else.

Gu Huai stunned and was watched by so many zerg eyes. Gu Huai could not help but change his mouth: "If you don't want to go, then don't go."

After Gu Huai finished the words, the Zerg in the house were still cold-faced, but Gu Huai had already felt the happy feelings that appeared one after another.

As long as Gu Huai is here, even if they stay in the house, these Zerg will not feel boring at all.

The king who will move.

Even if you look at Huai Wo to sleep on the sofa, the Zerg in the house can look happy.

Gu Huai did not intend to go out today, but looked at his own Zerg, he decided to go out.

He went out yesterday to prevent them from following, and today if he does not go out, the Zerg around him will not go out, then he will be bored in the house for two days.

The Zerg does not feel that there is anything in the room, but Gu Huai feels bad, go out to other planets, and let his own Zerg look at the beautiful places outside.

"I want to go out, do you go out with me?" Without questioning tone, Gu Huai’s voice just fell, and the Zerg in the house had already been ready to go out.

Gu Huai went out with a huge Zerg team, and the road was inevitably eye-catching, but the Fields people who lived in the center of Levin Star for the Zerg to visit were not panicked.

When going to the commercial street through a shop, Gu Huai found that the Tucker worms who were next to him suddenly stood still.

Not only did he stand still, but he also stared at the dark blue gemstone ball in the store with scarlet eyes, and made a long, low-pitched squeak from his throat.

So many large Tak worms stopped at the door of the store, and the shop owner was also very stressed at this time.

Gu Huai quickly approached the store's display cabinet and looked at the things that the Tektronians were staring at. He looked up and asked the head of the Tak Zerg: "Karu, do you want this thing?"

The Tak Zerg, who was named by Gu Huai, lowered his head against Gu Huai, and once again made a low voice.

I can't take a look at anything and grab it, because Gu Huai said before, these Tucker worms did not directly rob the gemball that is obviously the master.

Although I heard a positive response, but the penniless Gu Huai can not buy a big hand at this time, he can only look at the price of the item, subconsciously turned his attention to the nearest Yalves.

Yalves received this gaze from Gu Huai and said nothing. He bought the jewel ball without a hit.

After buying it, Yalves directly put the gem ball in the hands of Gu Huai.

Gu Huai passed the gem ball to the Tak zerg who stared at him, but the Tak zerg did not take the dark blue gem ball away.

Being looked at by dozens of scarlet eyes, Gu Huai suddenly understood: "You want this gem ball...I want to give it to me?"

The scarlet erects of these Tak worms contracted slightly, and at this time they again made a low humming sound to Gu Huai.

There are too few toy **** for the cubs.

These Tak worms remember that Gu Huai liked such toy balls. They wanted to collect more from Gu Huai, but they never saw good looks before.

However, there are good-looking stones with irregular shapes, but they have not completely rounded the stones, so they cannot be used as baby **** for the nurses.

Hearing the response, Gu Huai put the dark blue gem ball in his pocket, then he opened his hand and hugged the Tak in front of him.

With the difference between the two, the picture will become like a villain with a hand open and put his whole person like a sticker on the behemoth for him for a second.

Yalves looked at the picture and didn't say anything at the scene, but after he went back, he took a silent look at the Gu Huai room.

Although Gu Huai received the attention, he could not understand why this big cat looked at him like this.

"What's wrong?" Gu Huai asked.

When Yalves heard the words, he first used his tail to circle Gu Huai to his side, and then looked closely at Gu Huai and asked: "I don't have any reward?"

reward?

Gu Huai stunned when he heard the term. After thinking about it for a while, he thought about it. The other party might refer to buying a jewel ball.

It really seems to be...

Gu Huaigang thought so, at this moment, he felt that the tail that was circled on him tightened up, and then he heard that Arvis said in a cold, low voice: "Hey, you have to reward."

Who can stand it?

When Yalves uttered this sentence, Gu Huai had no way to calm his face.

"...What reward?" Just asked this question, and Gu Huai thought about what the answer Yalves would give him in the next second.

Yalves did not answer, he directly bowed his head and kissed Gu Huai's cheek, but the kiss did not only stay on the cheek, but gradually approached the position of Gu Huai's lips.

Gu Huai did not move, so the gentle touch of the cheeks quickly transferred to his lips.

Yalves’s kiss stopped here, confirming that Gu Huai did not refuse, and Arvis finally finally put his cool lips on Gu Huai’s lips and really kissed the other’s lips.

Usually, the first kiss is a light touch and left, but in the eyes of Gu Huai, this silver big cat does not follow the routine, not only does not touch, but even like ice cream, no omen in Gu Huai I sneaked a bit.

——!

Spiritual link.

Too much to be caught off guard, Gu Huai accidentally released a small range of spiritual links, so the Zerg in the lobby on the first floor responded instantly.

"king--!"

"His Majesty."

A group of Zerg ran to the front of Gu Huai's room, but they couldn't wait for them to consider pushing the door open. The door of the room had been opened from the inside.

Arvis stood at the door and looked at them blankly.



Chapter 54

I thought that I hadn’t really kissed the position where the lover could kiss, and the progress was interrupted. Yalves’s look was a bit colder than usual, and the silver-gray tail behind him was also moved by the owner’s mood. .

Because the spiritual link was received, and the link was sent like a frightened emotion, the Zerg who ran to the second floor now only want to rush to their own king, but the entrance to the room was blocked by Yalves.

The low pressure emanating from Arvis was obvious, and he tweeted slightly.

Realizing what he had done, Gu Huai immediately slammed his face, but he quickly rushed to the zerg to catch up with the zerg: "I have nothing to do, I just accidentally scared myself."

Seeing that Gu Huai is good, these zergs have gradually relaxed the tight nerves.

In fact, the emotion that Gu Huai passed through the spiritual link is not only simply frightened, but also a kind of embarrassing thing. However, the Zerg people do not understand this kind of emotion, they can only feel that it is not completely frightened.

After solving the chaotic scene caused by not controlling the mental power, and after the Zerg around the door of the second floor room spread out, Gu Huai scratched his cheek and breathed a sigh of relief.

But when he turned his head, Gu Huai found that his tone was still too early.

Yalves is slightly tightening his side face, his tail still slamming in the air, this silver big cat is unhappy at first glance.

"How do you always get upset every day." Gu Huai felt that his perception might have caused any problems. Every time he saw the unhappy performance of Yalves, he would think that this big cat is cute.

Yalves heard the words, didn't talk, and the tail was still hanging.

"I kiss you, can you make you happy?" Gu Huai suddenly asked.

Yalves is still speechless, his face is cold and his face is unchanged, but the silver-gray tail behind him moves slightly.

When Gu Huai saw the movement of the tail, he couldn’t help but smile a little: "Two?"

The tail moved more than just now, and Yalves looked at Gu Huai and sighed: "Nothing is unhappy."

After saying this, Arvis seems to be quietly waiting for Gu Huai’s actions, but Gu Huai saw the performance of Yalves, and he suddenly wanted to marry the tail of this big cat: "Since there is no Happy, then don't kiss."

Gu Huai said so, he really picked up his mouth when he saw Arviston, and his tail was very honest and instigated.

Gu Huai was so cute by the reaction of the big cat. He coughed and twitched his clothes, indicating that Arvis had lowered his head to him.

Yalves coveted, obediently bowed his head, Gu Huai approached, and promised to kiss each other twice.

Seeing that this big cat was almost comforted by these two kisses, Gu Huaihuan for a moment, asked: "When did you kiss this person when you kissed me?"

Yalves biased: "Star Network."

Gu Huai: "..."

"Star Online said that the kiss of a lover is to stick out his tongue." Yalves said with a blank expression.

But just before I got into it, I was interrupted, so Yalves was not in a good mood before.

When Gu Huai listened, it was like being smashed: "Cough and cough..."

"You are not allowed to learn things on the top." Gu Huai forced his expression.

Yalves looked at Gu Huai’s eyes and responded: "There is no chaos."

Yalves looks at compulsory courses on the Internet, such as -

How to show weakness to your lover

"How to get your lover back to the bottom line"

How to treat your lover

"Love is getting along 50 questions"

......

Gu Huai did not go deep into this matter. Because of the habit of taking a nap, he said to him that he was a little sleepy. It didn’t take long for him to huddle and lie on his sofa and fell asleep.

Yalves took him to bed after Gu Huai fell asleep, then stood on the edge of the bed and looked down.

His heart seemed to have a gap. When he saw Gu Huai, the void in the heart of Arvis was filled.

Like the dragon, I found the precious treasure that has been lost for a long time.

When Gu Huai appears within sight, irritability and sabotage will disappear from the world of Yalves.

In this quiet listening to the youthful breathing of the bed, Yalves did not move, he stood so quietly, silently guarding the side.

The next day, Gu Huai would accompany Ai to go to the school where he accidentally made trouble the day before. Anyway, it had already attracted the attention of the whole school. Gu Huai did not let the Zerg follow this time.

"Lie Wenxing is a bit cold." Gu Huaibian said, gently sighing at his palm.

After coming to the planet for a few days, Gu Huai still did not fully adapt to the weather of the planet.

Because Tuse Star is already in the spring, and even soon to enter the summer, he came here from Tuser, and suddenly returned to the winter from spring, the temperature difference is slightly larger.

Seeing the move of Gu Huai's hand, Yalves unscrewed his black gloves and pulled the hand of Gu Huai and put the gloves on Gu Huai's hand.

Gu Huai blinked in the process, and did not move, and he was wearing gloves by Yalves.

This is a standard glove, and it is not so match with the uniform of Gu Huai, but when the uniform is wearing a military uniform and Yalves is standing next to him, this mismatch seems to become another kind. If there are no relatives.

This time I went to school, Gu Huai met the exchange student who was pretending to be the day before.

This year's exchange students were personally sent by the president of the Federal Military Academy. This is because the federal principal has important things to meet with the principal of the Feltz Imperial College.

When he saw Shen Mu and Hamer in the Zerg camp, the federal principal and retired general had a big eye.

"Hello, uncle." In the Zerg camp, Hammer showed a sly and polite smile to the admiral.

Why did you call your uncle, mainly because the general was the father of Shen Mu.

Shen Shangyi thought that his son had already died in the hands of the Star Theft Group. He couldn't get any news for several months. He even gave the funeral to the other party, but he did not expect to see each other on the Zerg side today.

This sudden reunion made Shen Shang will not know whether he should be happy for his only son to survive, or to sink his heart for the other party suspected of being captured by the Zerg.

The reason why it is "suspected" is because Shen will see that the two people on the Zerg side seem to be being treated with kindness, which makes him a little doubtful about his eyes.

Because there are former members of the Federal Military Department among the travellers, the travel team on the human side is also equipped with a escort. They are in pairs with the Zerg forces, and the Fields are nervous.

The head of the Fields people was afraid that the human and Zerg forces would fight in the school, but the two sides are now only opposite, and there is no actual conflict.

Being sunk will look at it with an unspeakable expression. Shen Mu hasn’t said anything yet, but Hamer’s desire to live is very strong: “You don’t misunderstand, we have never betrayed humans.”

When the human army and the Zerg troops met, both sides seemed to have an automatic button, and they were all on their own, especially since Gu Huai was here, and the Zerg people present suddenly shrank their erects.

This scene was eventually broken by Gu Huai.

"Hello." Gu Huai took off his gloves and extended his right hand to the human being in front of him.

Rao has seen all kinds of big scenes, and Shen Shang will also be obviously at this time.

Although Gu Huai's appearance has not been circulated in the star network, the characteristic information of black and black eyes has been widely known. It is not difficult to guess that Gu Huai is surrounded by so many zerg.

The king of the Zerg wants to shake hands with a human general. This scene is incredible.

Due to this move by Gu Huai, the atmosphere of the opposing forces of the two sides suddenly eased. Unlike the tension that was just now, Shen will immediately take off his gloves and hold the hand that the young man from the opposite side has extended to him.

Now that the Zerg has taken the initiative to show their friendship to the outside world, human beings are not suspected of their own ethnic development, and they must be hostile to the Zerg.

It is only the old grievances and barriers left by the old era between humans and zerg. The elimination of this estrangement takes time.

It is impossible not to remember to hang the only son in the family. After shaking hands, Shen Shang will open the door: "What conditions does the Zerg need to release the two captives?"

Gu Huai heard back with a light smile: "You probably misunderstood, they are important Zerg guests, not captives."

The word "guest" made Shen Shang a little unprepared, and he then heard more words that made him feel awkward.

"Our Zerg's fleet found two generals on the Star Wars' battleship. They were imprisoned in the cell, and the Zerg rescued them to the Thur Star." Gu Huai's face is not changed.

When this sentence comes out, it will not only sink into the will, but even the two parties in the discourse will stay.

If they listen, how do they always feel that they are not right...? ?

Gu Huai did not lie, the whole sentence is a fact, in terms of the scene at the time, the Zerg really can be regarded as "rescue" them.

It’s all true, but Shen Mu and Hamer are now having a complex feeling that they don’t think it’s right but they can’t say it.

The reaction of the Zerg is much simpler, and the Zerg people present have experienced such a process of thinking -

Question: Did they go to rescue these two humans?

A: It seems that it is not.

Conclusion: Wang said yes.

In the field, the Zerg was all expressionless. This kind of battle, together with Shen Mu and Hamer, did not say anything like the default. Shen Shang suddenly silenced for a few seconds.

"I am sorry to have misunderstood you. I am unable to represent the Earth Federation, but on behalf of me personally, I am very grateful to the Zerg for their rescue." Shen will see two people, as a father, his thanks are very sincere.

Gu Huai nodded and took the acknowledgment without any guilty conscience: "You are welcome."

Then, without waiting for the other party to ask for a person, Gu Huai said one step at a time: "The two generals have been guests on the Zerg side for a long time. I originally planned to return from a Levin star to Tusser and then let a Euler send them back to the Earth Federation, but Since you meet so well, it is good to let you take them back."

Shen Shang will have nothing to say, but he has to express his gratitude again.

The Zerg and human forces can actually get along with the family and directly see the Fields.

Shen Mu and Hamer are now going to the human ranks. Before they both passed, Shen Mu also received a farewell gift.

"Oh... this, is this non-toxic?" Seeing Lisa handing a silver-white towel to Shen Mu, Hammer standing next to him couldn't help but swallow, a little bit of aggression.

Waiting for Lisa to answer, Shen Mu has already taken over this silky towel: "Thank you."

After picking up the towel, Shen Mu did not have anything. Hamer waited for a few seconds, thinking that he also had a gift. As a result, he watched Lisa go away.

Hammer’s expectation was suddenly on his face. He turned his head and asked, “Wait, it’s not fair, why is there only a gift?”

During the time of the Zerg, this unfair treatment was not the first time Hamer felt it, but it was still not obvious before...

For example, when they both had a meal in the prison of Tusexing, Shen Mu’s rice was like a better one than him.

This time it was too obvious, Hammer felt that his young mind was hurt.

Shen Mu’s expression is unchanged, calmly saying what he thinks is the most likely reason: “Maybe because of looks.”

If it is not because he is familiar with the other party, this is a slap in the face. If Hammer is not good, he must think that Shen Mu is burying him.

Looks like...

Hamer looked at the standard Oriental face of Shen Mu, and he noticed that the other person’s dark black eyes, which were being embraced by the zerg, suddenly fell into silence.

Black hair, black eyes, round pupils, this is the highest aesthetic of the Zerg.

Those who meet this highest aesthetic standard, the attitude of the Zerg will naturally be slightly better.

At the end of this episode, Gu Huai continued to bring the Zerg together to the place where Ai was going to teach today.

In order to allow students of all grades to participate, this class is set in the school's auditorium.

The auditorium was full of students, Gu Huai went to the school to sit down and prepared for the position they were preparing.

Ai, who is the tutor of today's lectures, has gone to the podium. Facing thousands of students in the auditorium, Ai's lectures are very concise: "The actual lectures, any one of you here can come to the stage, with the ability to follow I am fighting, everyone has three minutes of playing time."

Gu Huai coughed a little, this result is actually a bit unexpected, he also feels that his Zerg in the battle, it is impossible to have a theoretical class.

The Fields students in the auditorium are eager to try. I heard that the Zerg’s Essado group, like their Fields, is born with the same spiritual strength and good at others.

In front of them is an a class of Isador zerg, one of the four army chiefs of the Zerg, do not know how much the other party will be?

These Fields students are very young, they are only curious about the power, they have not learned how to fear, so they dare to try to fight.

However, Ai quickly let them realize the gap, saying that it was a three-minute battle time, but the students who took the stage to play against each other could not even hold for one minute. In the case that Ai did not move the real thing, he averaged five seconds out.

Ai is just standing still, his foresight ability allows him to see the future a few seconds later, and he eliminates the students who are on the stage in the simplest and quickest way.

Unlike other Zerg, Ai does not like to use attacks other than power. He has only used enemies to solve enemies, and the only exception is today.

After Ai simply eliminated a student, the next time the next student got up, Ai suddenly shrank his cock, and he teleported to the side of Gu Huai, who was sitting downstairs.

"?" Gu Huai voted for a questioning look.

Yalves and the other two heads of the army did not doubt that, due to the action of Ai, they immediately entered the state of alert, and Yalves used his tail to encircle Gu Huai’s body.

At the same time that Gu Huai was surrounded by this tail, the dome of the school auditorium was blasted.

"Booming -"

The deafening blast sounded, and the blasted dome continued to smash down the large and small stones. The auditorium immediately became chaotic, and the students’ screams rang out.

From the blasted dome, the students and mentors in the auditorium saw the battleships in the sky, and they all had signs of rebel forces.

Because of the inequalities within the Fields, many of the Feltz people with dark red skin who suffered many unfair treatments and even discrimination in the race, many joined together to form a rebel army.

The ranks of the rebel forces have grown stronger, and today they decided to conduct a riot on Levin, at the Imperial College.

The raid was so overwhelming that everyone was arrested. Levin Star’s planetary defense system was found by the rebels, and one of them was working in a department related to the defense system, but because of unfair treatment. Angrily left to join the rebel army, this loophole caused Levin Star to not issue any intrusion warning at this time.

If Levin Star’s army is coming over now, it’s definitely not too late to rescue the school. The rebels are determined to use this riot to express their dissatisfaction with their own race. They did not hesitate to point their guns at the innocent people present.

Not only the auditorium, but the other buildings in the school were also destroyed. The students were found concentrated in the auditorium. The soldiers of the rebel army surrounded the auditorium after landing on the ground.

The Fields students present were in fear. The mentor and the principal ignited a glimmer of hope when they thought that a Zerg army was in their school, but the warships that were parked in the sky let their hopes go.

Even if the Zerg is so powerful, it is impossible to fight the battleship like a giant with the power of the body.

The broken dome is still continually dropping large and small stones. The big slate that first came to Gu Huai was crushed into powder by a tail of Yalves, and later those small stones were left from Gu Huai. The nearest Tak Zerg is blocked by his own body.

When the stone was found to fall from the sky, the Tucker squadrons guarding Gu Huai immediately gave off a bit of sharp snoring, and the head of the Tak zerg covered Gu Huai with its huge body, letting those The small stone continues to fall on its back.

Regardless of how these small stones are smashed, this Tak zerg remains motionless.

As long as it is blocked, it will not let the stones fall on the cubs, and the cubs they care for will not be injured.

"Karu..." Gu Huai looked at the Tak Zerg who was kept in front of him by a small stone on his back. He subconsciously reached out to the other side.

Gu Huai made this action, but the Tak Zerg immediately gave him a low voice.

This is in response to the call of the cub, but also to keep the cubs from moving, and not to expose the body to the outside.

"Karu." Gu Huai's eyes were slightly enlarged.

The more small stones linger on the back of this Tak worm, the more Gu Huai feels a feeling that is not familiar to him and very rare.

This kind of emotion is accumulating.

After the rebel army surrounded the auditorium, it began to advance. Because the soldiers of the rebel army pointed weapons into the interior of the auditorium, this range also included Gu Huai. The larval larvae of all the Zerg in the field contracted into obvious thin lines, and they all obviously entered a state of anger.

The Zerg is very powerful, but the enemy is driving the battleship. They have no chance of winning...

The Fields people in the auditorium thought desperately, but in the next second, the scene of the sky made them collectively hold.

A huge twisted vortex appeared above the crowd to absorb all the falling rocks, and then the nearest battleship from the dome suddenly seemed to be pulled by a huge external force, and the whole battleship made a creaking sound.

Just as the rubber band is pulled to the maximum limit, it suddenly breaks. The warship is also pulled by some kind of invisible force, and the various parts of the hull are suddenly torn.

A good battleship, in a blink of an eye, this scene, whether it is the rebel army or the Fields students are in a state of stagnation.

Yalves has this ability, but this time it was not what he did.

Following the wave of power, the Fields people who were present found the actor of the power, the young black-haired youth who was protected by Yalves with a tail.

Gu Huai looked at the sky, his eyes turned into golden erect at this time.

It is more vivid than the color of a worm's light gold erect, like the heat of the comparable sun, and the smashing of the stars.

This is a pair of real gold.



Chapter 55

This pair of golden eyes, like the sun-baked eyes, made the eyes of the Fields people who saw them in the moment of sight, and they did not dare to continue to look directly, but the reaction of the Zerg in the field was completely different.

In terms of racial nature, Zerg soldiers always perform their attacks with absolute reason and coldness in battle. It is impossible to shake before the enemy is completely annihilated, but this is obviously not the case at this time.

Even in the battle, the sight of the Zerg soldiers who saw Gu Huai’s eyes turning into golden erects still paused slightly.

These eyes are very attractive to them, and the desire to be rooted in the heart is more prominent and aroused, but the reason why these Zerg soldiers are so blind is that they realize that their king is protecting them.

This discovery is quite stimulating in spirit for all Zerg in the field.

On the one hand, the heart seems to be stunned by what hot things, on the other hand, these Zerg soldiers feel that this scene they can not accept.

It should be up to them to protect the king.

In the event of a battle, it is up to them to keep out any possible dangers and prevent their king from coming into contact.

This is what they want to do and what they mean.

Their king is still a cub, how can they let the other side participate in a dangerous battle, if the king is injured, what should I do?

This idea made these Zerg soldiers completely tighten their bodies. They felt the emotion similar to joy because of the protection of Gu Huai, but at the same time they were stimulated to have stronger protection.

There are actually contradictory ideas in the two, but the feelings of these Zerg soldiers are now.

The sudden torn of a warship disrupted the rebel army's offensive pace, and this horrific situation, which was too unreasonable, made these emotionally rebel forces indifferent to fear.

The tail of Yalves is always enshrined in Gu Huai, facing the battle scene in front of him. Normally, Yalves will find a suitable opponent and then immerse himself in the battle to vent.

The battle can make Yalves have a certain sense of pleasure, but Yalves has pressed his militant character at this time, not looking for an opponent, but staying at Gu Huai.

Yalves first quickly solved the ground with a beam weapon pointing at the anti-sports near Guhuai. His space ability easily distorted the weapons of these rebel forces into a pile of scrap iron.

As for why it is not directly distorting the user's body, this is because Gu Huai said to leave a living mouth as much as possible.

After solving some of the enemies on the ground pointing the weapon at Gu Huai, Arvis then rips open a space crack in the sky. As the space is torn apart, the flank of another warship is The sides are completely twisted.

The second warship of the rebel army was killed.

The Fields students on the ground looked directly at it, and now they don’t even know if they should continue to panic.

Is the battleship so well removed?

The normal concept of learning tells these Fields students, of course not.

In the normal sense, if you want to fight against a warship, you must also send a warship of at least the same size, or you need to use the orbital weapon of this magnitude to do it.

However, now in front of them, two people of the Zerg have only sunk such a giant with their own abilities.

Compared with the number of rebel forces, the Fields and Zerg forces surrounded by the ground are not dominant, but the Zerg soldiers who are completely in combat are very tricky and terrible, and the rebel army’s ground forces are not. Any benefit.

Any attack on the king will be seen as a declaration of war against the entire Zerg.

Under the strong desire to be further stimulated, the combat capabilities of these Zerg soldiers have almost been upgraded at a level.

The rebels have not yet accepted the fact that their two warships have been sunk, and they soon ushered in the next unpredictable change.

Around the four of their warships, one after another, the Yula warship appeared in the field of vision.

These Eurasian warships were not controlled by the control room, and received the spiritual link of Gu Huai. These Yura warships, which were originally waiting in the airport, were directly converted into destroyer-class warships and went straight to the Imperial College of the Fields. Come.

Originally, the rebels used the loopholes in the planetary defense system, and the school personnel surrounded by them could not receive any support if Levin Star’s army could not respond.

But the problem is that Gu Huai is here, and the Zerg’s Yula warship is a complete black technology.

In less than a moment, a large piece of oppressive cold cold black wrapped around the rebel warship, this black is the Zerg Yula battleship.

Just destroy the power system. Establishing a spiritual link, Gu Huai passed his ideas to these Yula warships.

The Eurasian warships who received the spiritual link flashed the lights. They liked to hear Gu Huai’s voice, but through the spiritual link, these Euler warships also felt some of the emotions passed by Gu Huai.

It is an unhappy mood.

Every time before the spiritual link, they feel calm and gentle emotions, and for the first time feel the emotions like now.

Because of these battleships in the sky, Wang is very unhappy.

This understanding of this matter, these Yula warships suddenly turned into a very sharp red.

If Gu Huai is not happy, then they are not happy.

The angry Ula warships instantly locked their targets, the weapon system started, the energy supply proceeded, and the railguns began to store energy.

To face the Zerg's Yula warship, no fleet in the interstellar will dare to scorn, and this rebel fleet is no exception.

They were all guarded for the first time. In the face of the weapon system in which the Yula warship began to store energy, the rebel army's fleet was also prepared to evade, but the situation was not as smooth as they thought.

"What happened, the battleship couldn't move -?!" The people in the control room were so anxious that they were sweating.

The weapons of the Eurasian warships are very fast, and a one-second delay is fatal to them, but their warships seem to have solidified in the sky at this time, and they are completely unable to move.

In the second second of the storage of the Yula warships, the personnel in the control room of the rebel warships could not restrain themselves from hitting the console in this situation, but the warships still stopped in the sky.

There are invisible forces around the four sides of the battleship that are constantly being squeezed, pinning them firmly in one position.

Gu Huai’s eyes reflected the warships of these rebel forces. The more they tried to move, the more golden the eyes seemed to be.

This is like a burning day.

The unarmed rebel warships were easily aimed at the power system by the Eurasian warships and were accurately destroyed.

The power system was destroyed, and these steel warships could only be forced to fall straight, and the slamming of the floor was loud and loud, and the ground was violently shaken by such impact.

However, the battleship's defense system is intact, so this impact on the ground will not destroy the battleship, but completely lose its ability to act.

Gu Huai is very unhappy that the rebels have hurt the Zerg who protected him, but even if angry, Gu Huai is also prepared to leave a living, because he knows the reasons for the riots of these rebel forces.

One of the rebel warships in the sky fell to the ground, and the sky above Imperial College quickly became empty. When all the rebel warships in the sky fell to the ground, Gu Huai finally blinked.

Sustained use of power, Gu Huai is not really that easy, he is a little tired, to be exact, is a little sleepy.

This level of power requires a lot of mental energy. Just thinking about it is a very horrible value, even if it is a burden for Gu Huai.

The riots should be considered over. All the Fields students and the human forces who had just arrived from the nearby auditorium were thinking so, but at this time, a ship that had already fallen to the ground lost its ability to act. The rebel warships suddenly started.

The warship should be the leader of the rebel army. The railgun of the Yula warship has indeed destroyed the power system of the warship, but this is an unconventional ship with a dual-power system. The secondary power system is enabled.

He came over with the human team, and Hammer, who was watching the scene from a distance, reacted: "It is going to move!"

It’s too late to intercept.

Countdown to the move, 3, 2, 1...

"Hey-!"

The sound of the collapse of the warship components.

After a few seconds, the re-launched rebel warship did not succeed in moving. Instead, it seemed to be suddenly invisible, and the hull slammed into the ground again.

This time, the battleship's defense system was damaged by 10%.

There is no conflict between leaving alive and angry. Gu Huai’s leftovers must be left behind, and one can’t leave. He quietly looks at the battleship that broke into the ground by one-third of the battleship and extends out to the warship. The hands slowly gather.

In the eyes of everyone, with this action of Gu Huai, the battleship that had fallen into the ground was squeaky and slammed under the pressure of this terror.

And this is actually the sound that the parts of the battleship began to collapse.

When Gu Huai’s extended hand was completely closed, the steel battleship made of extremely high-strength alloy material was completely deformed from the inside out, and all the systems of the battleship were all down.

In addition to being able to accommodate people inside, this battleship is now equivalent to a huge amount of scrap iron.

The people who watched this scene are now silent. They look at the dark-haired young man who is surrounded by Zerg soldiers. The shocking feeling in his heart is hard to say.

This is the king of the Zerg.



Chapter 56

Finished the crushing of a steel battleship, the young black-haired youth surrounded by a group of Zerg soldiers looked like a calm expression with nothing, and the other side looked at the ship that had been completely scrapped, and then did not say a word. Say.

The young man has a soft black hair that looks very good.

This is also the first impression of Gu Huai to the people around him. The character is soft and placed in the ruthless Zerg, like a small animal mixed in a group of fierce predators.

This soft-skinned animal is protected by a group of terrible creatures with sharp teeth and claws, which are a bit out of place.

But at this moment, when Gu Huai converges his expression and shows his golden erect and powerful power as the king of the Zerg, the talents present suddenly find that being protected by these zerg is actually a more terrible existence.

But the Zerg apparently don't think so.

"His Majesty--"

At the end of the battle, these Zerg soldiers rushed to get close to Gu Huai, and then scanned Gu Huai from head to toe several times with a nervous gaze.

The Zerg is usually faceless, and it is rare to have such obvious emotional exposure. The reaction of these Zerg is seen in the eyes. The scenes of the rescued Feltz and the rebel forces are silent.

Obviously, Gu Huai did not hurt a single hair. This group of Zerg was still worried. This made other people on the scene really want to insert a row of question marks on their heads.

? ? What happened to this group of zergs?? ? ?

Originally, the Zerg had to care about the king of their race. This is of course no problem. The problem is that they just saw Gu Huai split a warship two or three times, which made them really unable to understand the nervousness of these Zerg.

The performance of this group of Zerg is almost like a parent, as if they still regard their king as a cub to be protected, and it is still the kind of resolutely unwilling to shake their minds regardless of the actual situation.

If they have a conversation with this group of zerg, the situation will probably be like this -

They: "Wake up! Your king is an adult!"

Zerg (firm): "Our king is still a cub."

They: "Wake up! Your king can tear the battleship!"

Zerg (stubborn): "Our king is still a cub."

What can be done to dismantle the warships, even if they can dismantle the warships, their kings may also be injured.

And all of a sudden use of so much mental energy, which may be very expensive for their king, the body may also be uncomfortable.

Even if the body is not unfamiliar, they can't be scared by this riot, how can they not worry.

In the face of intense concern from her own Zerg, Gu Huai finally said: "I am not injured, don't worry about me."

Gu Huai didn't want to talk because he was very tired now. He blinked a little and drove the sleepiness a little. Gu Huai turned to look at the Tucker worms beside him: "Is Karu injured? There are other people, nothing. What?"

In response to the low-pitched snoring of the Tak Zerg, who was called by Gu Huai, the scarlet eyes stared at Gu Huai.

It’s just being smashed by a small stone. It’s not painful for the Tucker. If the stone is sharp, it will only leave a little trace in the position where it is picked up. There will be no actual damage.

However, Gu Huai saw some traces of the Tak worms in front of him being smashed by small stones, and the line of sight stopped for a few seconds.

Because of the performance of Gu Huai, the scarlet erectus of this Tak worm has shrunk slightly.

Despite not having too much wisdom, this huge Tak zerg still instinctively lifts its forearm, avoiding the sharp side, and carefully using its forearm to gently touch it. Soft black hair.

This behavior is the appeasement of the young.

If the eggshells are still there, these Tuckers will think with their monotonous thinking.

If the eggshells are still there, and the cubs are unhappy and frightened, they can keep the cubs inside the eggshells, and then they push the eggshells to let the cubs fall asleep.

Being touched by the hair like this, Gu Huai unknowingly squinted his eyes again.

Even if the planet's defense system is out of order and failed to respond in the first place, how can it react slowly, and the most important school on the planet has such a big thing, Levin Star's army should now arrive.

Knowing that this was a riot launched by the rebel army, the governor of the Fields could not sit still, and he followed the army.

The mood of the consul can be said to be in full swing. He is anxious on the way to think about how to suppress the riots in a way that does not cause casualties.

This is almost impossible to achieve, just because it is known that the entire heart of the consul has sunk.

Originally thought that the warships facing the rebel army surrounded the school, and even began to attack the scene of destruction, but when going to the riot scene, the consul saw a battleship on the ground that could not be operated due to the destruction of the power system, he was the whole person. Directly lost the ability to speak.

what's going on--? ?

In the last second, the Archon is still exhausting his mind for this riot. The next second, he is extremely upset because of the scene of the scene that has ended the battle.

There is no need for him to hesitate to deal with this incident, and things have been solved perfectly.

Why is it a perfect solution? This is because the situation on the spot is exactly what he hoped, and there are basically no casualties.

Although the warships all fell to the ground, they were all just falling, not crashing, and all the soldiers of the rebel army are now in a state of shackles.

Without the warships and other weapons, the weapons of the ground forces were not only twisted into twists by Yalves, but also used his ability to exchange for equivalent exchanges. It became an iron rod.

Faced with this situation, Levin Star's army is on the scene, it is easy to completely control the scene.

He quickly learned the situation through his population, and the governor of the Fields expressed his deep gratitude to Gu Huai.

In fact, I am already sleepy and sleepy, but Gu Huai still barely supported the spirit to solve the business.

Because it is strong in the situation of wanting to sleep, Gu Huai's expression does not show drowsiness, it seems that it is still not the same as usual, people have a calm and cold illusion.

Gu Huai is quick and gentle: "The reason for this riot is that the governor is more clear than me. If the root cause is not solved, the same thing will continue to happen in the future. The next time may not be the case of no casualties."

After that, Gu Huai looked at the Tak Zerg beside himself and said: "The soldiers of our race have the ability to divide the class, but the low-level Zerg is also very important to me."

Zerg is a typical pyramidal society, but there is no class discrimination within the race.

"I understand, thank you for your help." The Archon did not pretend to understand, but should be followed.

In fact, since taking office, the consul has been working hard to solve the problems within his own race, but the results have been slow.

Because part of the discrimination within the race against the dark-skinned Fields is deeply rooted, it takes time to resolve.

Gu Huai has no intention of interfering with the politics of other races. It is only this time that he just hits and has helped him to help.

Now, if you verbally mention a mouthful, what will happen to others later, that is their own choice.

As soon as the business was settled, Gu Huai no longer forced himself. He suddenly raised his hand and rubbed his eyes, and the sleepy expression quickly appeared on his face.

"Sleepy..." Gu Huai said lowly to the voice of Arvis standing next to him, and the tail was almost too low to hear.

When Yalves saw Gu Huai's eyes, his tail had already consciously circled Gu Huai. Now he heard Gu Huai say this to him. He held the Gu Huai circle into his arms.

He was steadily held, and Gu Huai, who had already been sleepy, couldn’t help but feel sleepy and slept heavily.

Just... just sleep?

In addition to the Zerg, everyone in the room stayed together.

Faced with this picture, the surrounding Zerg are now taken for granted.

Their king is still a cub, and his mental energy is too much. If he is tired, he will certainly want to sleep.

When the cub is sleepy and sleeps, no one is allowed to argue next to it.

At the scene, the Zerg was expressionless, as if silently warning the people around him not to make noise.

Gu Huai fell asleep and didn't know anything. He was taken back to the second floor room of the residence by Yalves and slept in bed for more than ten hours.

When I woke up, the whole world of Gu Huai changed.

——!

Spiritual link.

The Zerg who waited for Gu Huai to wake up downstairs suddenly received a spiritual link with panic. No matter how many times such a spiritual link was received, these Zerg reactions would not change.

"king--"

This time, there was no one in the Gu Huai room, because I was afraid to disturb Gu Huai to sleep, all Zerg, including Yalves, stayed on the first floor.

Even if it is impossible to see the enemy go quietly to the second floor, the Zerg who received the spiritual link will be nervous for a moment, and immediately set off to go to the room where Gu Huai is located.

Yalves was transferred from the direct space. He teleported into the room, and after a minute or two, other Zerg quickly rushed and pushed the door open.

"His Majesty?!"

Entering the room, the Zerg who came over did not see Gu Huai in the bed, their eyes quickly swept through every corner of the room, and the results remained the same.

The king is gone -? !

This cognition allowed all the zergs entering the bedroom to instantly contract and squat, and the tall Tak worms began to make a bit of a sharp squeak, and the scarlet erect squats had shrunk into thin lines.

Concerns are chaotic, and the over-stress of Gu Huai has caused these Zerg to lose the keen sense that they should have, and Yalves has been squinting for a moment, his eyes suddenly locked in the bed.

The other Zerg followed Sanvis's line of sight, and they saw a bulge in the pure white quilt on the bed.

Then they watched as Nevis walked over to the bed, reached out and lifted the corner, and slowly opened the pure white quilt.

So all the Zerg in this room saw the precious treasure hidden under the quilt -

"...hey."

I’m huddled in bed like I don’t know how to act, facing so many zerg in the room, this black fluffy creature is carrying its golden erect like a glass ball, right The Zerg, who was watching it, made a cry.



Chapter 57

The room is like a silence that can be heard even with breathing.

The Zerg who entered this bedroom now completely stopped their bodies, their jaws contracted, and their eyes were all staring at the black cub that was huddled in the bed.

When they looked at the golden eyes with the round glass **** like a few seconds, the scene in the whole room could not be controlled.

No, no, no, no.

To die, to die, to die -

If you can project your inner thoughts into words, probably the whole room will be filled with these two paragraphs in an infinite loop.

The black cubs on the bed shrunk into a round, and the sleek golden mullion was used to look around the Zerg who had swept through the room.

For a moment, the Zerg in the room seemed to have a messy debuff, and they were not awake at all, and they tightened their bodies at the same time, showing their breathing difficulties.

The chief of staff fell straight back.

"Participation, chief of staff -!"

Seeing that they stood taller, the two hands of Tuse suddenly held their breath and leaned back, then they went straight down, and other Zerg, who were also in a state of disorder, could not help but step forward.

But while noticing the second hand, the reaction of these Zerg soldiers is just a voice and a step forward. Their eyes are still staring at the black plush ball on the bed like a magnetic attraction, completely unable to move, and The eyes are bright.

Even the Tucker worms who had just made a sharp voice because they thought that the cubs who had been inspected had disappeared were still in sight. The huge body was fixed in place, and the scarlet squats were smashed, and several low-pitched cymbals were issued. sound.

The cub, huddled in the bed, saw the chief of staff fall down and immediately made a sound and moved.

"Hey!"

This is the cry of expressing concern about the inquiry.

Synchronized with the call, this seemingly rounded Zerg cub, because of the concern for the chief of staff, finally stopped moving and did not move, but tried to start moving forward.

However, it was originally because of the unprepared situation in front of the situation, and there was a change in the form that did not walk enough to shrink the body. This zerg cub, with its golden erect, just stepped forward, and suddenly Because one did not coordinate the limbs and fell to the bed.

The whole process takes place in just a few seconds.

The king fell.

This cognition appeared in the brains of all the Zerg in the room, but the next second was unrestricted.

But the way the king walked accidentally fell down was so cute.

Breathing suddenly became more difficult, and the Zerg that fell to the ground in the room immediately changed from one to several.

Gu Huai is speechless about this scene.

The king of the cub form...

In addition to Yalves, these Zerg have a parental attitude towards Gu Huai.

In the eyes of these Zerg, although they know that Gu Huai is actually adult in terms of appearance and psychological, they are stubbornly calculating according to the time when Gu Huai’s shell was born. Continue to be taken care of as a baby.

I haven't seen the real cub form of Gu Huai. This thing has always made the Zerg on the Thurs star feel a little regretful. Now this regret is made up too suddenly, and all the Zerg eyes are shining in the presence.

Parental attitudes and protectionism have both climbed to the top.

For Gu Huai, he is still stunned at this situation. He doesn't know why he wakes up and will become what he is.

Originally covered with a quilt to sleep, after unconsciously transformed into a cub form, Gu Huai was covered under the quilt, and then when he woke up to notice his physical changes, because it was too surprised to suddenly establish a spirit link.

Now shrinking the body into a group and starting to think about the reason, Gu Huai found that this may be caused by himself.

In this battle against the rebels, Gu Huai completed his second spiritual advancement, and it can be said that he finally completed the power awakening.

When he looked at Yalves after the battle, Gu Huai saw himself with a similar color in the eyes of Yalves. He was sleepy and sleepy in a little surprised mood.

Previously, because there was no racial trait as a Zerg, Gu Huai was mistaken for human beings more than once.

Now it’s hard to have at least the common feature of erecting. Gu Huai can’t help but think more when he sleeps. Does he have any other ethnic characteristics?

Other worms are there. For example, in the four heads of the army, Yalves retains his silver-gray tail. Kapalia retains the left-handed and bone-winged knives. Ai is a face and a horn. Simodo has retained armor that can protect it.

The adult form can only see the retention features. If it is the cub form, all the features can be seen at a glance, so Gu Huai thought about and thought of the backtracking ability of Yalves.

If he can also use the retrospective ability, he can return to the cub form to see his other ethnic characteristics.

Can Huaihua think so, he did not expect that his casual thoughts have become a reality.

I also accidentally launched a spiritual link to attract a group of Zerg from the crowd...

Gu Huai is not very likely to walk in the current cub form, and he is now trying to change back to the adult form without any reaction, so Gu Huai is ostrich.

I don’t know why my king’s body has been shrunk in a position. The zergs who entered the room are now carefully watching their breath, and they are rushing to the bedside position, and then they are together at the bedside. Leaving the body in a half-squatting position, the eyes gazed at the cub in the bed.

Gu Huai was already ostrich for the things he had just walked and fell on, and now the Zerg who was close to his home kept his eyes open and watched closely. Gu Huai was seen and could not hold back and made a little noise.

"Oh." An opening is a clear and audible snoring.

Although back to the shape of the cub, in fact, Gu Huai can still use the spiritual link, his ability has not subsided because of the shape backtracking, but Gu Huai now does not do this because of the ostrich mentality.

It is a bit embarrassing and shameful.

“——!!” I heard the cubs on the bed snoring at them, and the Zerg in this room suddenly became bad.

The sound of the cub sounded very soft, because the singer, the zerg who couldn’t squeeze into the room, almost took the house apart.

The space in the bedroom could not accommodate all the Zerg of the entire army. Therefore, after the room was occupied, the Zerg soldiers coming behind could only be squeezed outside the door, and now the door has been completely blocked.

People who don't know may think that the Zerg is going to do something about the troops, but the fact is that they are just looking at their own back to the king of the cub form.

"Hey..."

I was surrounded by so many Zerg people at home. If he walked and fell again, wouldn’t he have no face to see him?

Gu Huai was worried about this matter and he did not move at this time. At this time, Yalves, who had been standing at the bed since he opened the quilt, suddenly used his retrospective ability and traced himself back to the cub. The appearance of the period.

So the next second, in front of all the Zerg in the room, there was another Zerg cub with a silver-gray small tail on the bed.

One black and one white, two fluffy, round cubs stay together, and have similar golden erects, this picture looks too harmonious.

"Hey."

"Hey, hey -!"

The two cubs screamed together, as if they were doing communication that only understood each other. Although the Zerg who did not reach the fourth level of slang did not understand it, it did not prevent them from keeping their eyes open and watching.

After the exchange was completed, the Zerg in the room saw that the black cub, who had been huddled in the bed, had finally moved.

Because it was seen that Gu Huai did not adapt to the way of walking in this form, Arvis only traced himself back to the cub form, and began to teach by hand.

In fact, it is not difficult to learn to walk. Gu Huai just didn't adapt to his unfamiliar form at once. Just try a few more walks.

Whenever the young cub who was following the learning walk was about to stumble, the Yalves used his silver-gray tail to adjust the balance.

Escorted by the tail of Yalves, Gu Huai went back and forth a few times back and forth at the bed and bed, and finally adapted to the way of walking with the front paws and hind legs.

On the bed, there is only a pair of small horns and small tails. The zerg larvae learn to walk very seriously. After learning, this young boy with a glass ball like a golden **** is looking up. There are countless standards on the top. Parents look.

The eyes are bright, full of clear and visible love concerns, and there is a very obvious joy.

Gu Huai, who was in the shape of a young man, suddenly fell into a silence. He thought of the reasons for the joy of his Zerg.

For the Zerg who are present, their thoughts at this moment are like this -

Wang learned to walk!



Chapter 58

How can such a thing that Wang Xuexue walks with is not recorded? !

Although the chief of staff had just fallen, but when Gu Huai was escorted by Arvis to learn to walk, he used a strong will to let the Zerg soldiers next to him help him.

No, he said that he can't miss the process of watching his own king to learn to walk. He must also record it all the time -

After barely standing up, the chief of staff watched the black pups on the bed and walked, not letting go of any details.

Since the first time he recorded the image for Gu Huai, the Chief of Staff has specially added a video recording function to his pair of glasses, which can be opened at any time.

There are too many things to record, and the chief of staff thinks.

The whole growth process of the king in the early childhood is very meaningful to the Zerg. This growth process is only one time. If you miss it, you will never see it again, whether it is learning to walk or something else...

The chief of staff calmly stabilized his glasses, and for this glorious mission, he could not fall!

Gu Huai struggled to learn to walk under the **** of Yarvis. When he walked between the bed and the tail with a black fluffy cub, he walked with his hind legs and legs... or climbed up. When he climbed, he did not know that the process of learning to walk was completely recorded.

Their king learned to walk so quickly.

When the larvae cubs on the bed with their rounded golden cymbals can walk on their own, they don’t need the other cub next to them to adjust their balance with a silver-gray tail, the eyes of the Zerg around the bed. It can only be described as shiny.

In fact, it is a matter of course that the cubs learn to walk in the Zerg, and it is not a special matter at all.

Zerg's cubs have a certain ability to attack at birth as compared to cubs of other races.

It is normal for an ordinary human to escape to a zerg cub without any weapons. After all, the sharp teeth and bite force of the Zerg cub are able to bite through the alloy and steel.

For a young cub who will fight when he is born, of course, there is no need to pay attention to walking.

But the king is different.

The king of the cub form does not seem to fight, and like the adulthood, the body has no defense.

Even the Zerg knows that creatures are much more vulnerable during the puping period than they are in adulthood, so the Zerg who are now in the room are all playing a careful care of 120,000 points.

"Your Majesty, can you send a live broadcast of your images to soldiers who are waiting in Tusex and other planets?" The chief of staff was half-squatting at the bedside, allowing his eyes to at least be black with the bed. The cubs are parallel. "This is mainly for the sake of fairness."

Although it is impossible to achieve absolute fairness, the chief of staff is still trying to consider other Zerg who have not been able to follow Gu Huai to Levin Star.

When I heard the Chief of Staff, the black cub who had just learned to walk on the bed was like a stay, and the golden erected owl that had already been rounded seemed to be even more rounded.

What is the live broadcast, this is too publicly executed...

However, under the gaze of the surrounding Zerg collectively, Gu Huai thought that when he left the Tuse Star, the Zerg who had been left behind looked at him with a squint, and finally chose to agree.

"Oh." Anyway, it was not a complicated expression. The black cub that was squatting on the bed did not establish a spiritual link, but directly snorted at the chief of staff and expressed his consent.

Directly affected by this snoring, the chief of staff could not stretch the expression on his face for a moment. He turned his head and tried to breathe a few times before he quickly turned his eyes back.

With the consent of Gu Huai, the chief of staff began to send image links to the group of Zerg soldiers on other planets.

Receiving the image connection sent by the chief of staff to the personal terminal, the Zerg soldiers who were waiting on other planets were originally in a cold state as usual, but when they accepted the connection and saw the Zerg cubs appearing in the image at a glance, These Zerg soldiers are unable to walk on their own.

In addition to the live video, there is also a recorded image on their terminal. This recorded image includes the picture of Gu Huai who accidentally stumbles on the bed while walking in bed, and the black cub. I was protected by a silver-gray tail and began to learn to walk.

"Hey!"

When the call was heard, many of the Zerg soldiers who were watching the recorded images, like the chief of staff, could not stand up straight and fell down.

The soldiers of the Grey Tower also received the two images. They don’t ask what they are feeling. They are happy to go to the Star Alliance to blow up a comet.

Of course, the comet is impossible to bomb, and it is ok to blow up the fireworks.

Looking at Gu Huai's appearance in the shape of the cub, the gray tower soldiers who lived on the Ai Weixing decided to start making a new fireworks. The shape of the fireworks that exploded was the appearance of the Gu Huai cub.

If Star Alliance knows what these Grey Tower soldiers want to do, there is probably only one idea now.

- Is your Zerg gene toxic? !

Because the Zerg helped the Feltz people to be very busy during the attack on the Imperial College by the rebel forces, the Feltz’s consul was prepared to personally thank the Zerg on the second day of proper handling. And they should discuss the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two sides.

To be honest, the current state of the Zerg is that they don’t want to care about people at all. Their mood can be summarized as follows:

Don't cue us, don't have time, no interest, busy raising young children.

Seeing that my family has changed back to the shape of the cub, this form still doesn't know how long it can last. If it doesn't work, it will change back at any time. They look at it with a glance, and there is something else to do.

When Gu Huai told them that they could not find a way to change back, the Zerg in the face was still a cold-faced expression on the surface, but the actual heart was secretly happy.

Gu Huai actually can't see it. These Zerg are obviously like to see him now, so he gradually came out of the ostrich mentality.

In fact, think about it, it is not so shameful...

Isn't it just a walk and fall, and learn to walk again, just a little bit of a nap.

So convinced himself, Gu Huai began to look at his current form of juveniles.

In the current form of Gu Huai, he could not directly talk to the governor of the Fields, and said that the Zerg would not leave him now, so the consul once faced the Zerg's great battle.

The consul's heart was a bit embarrassed. He used his gaze to search for the young black-haired youth who should be surrounded by the Zerg, but he never searched, but he found that all the Zerg's eyes were pointing at the same place.

Looking at the zerg's gaze, the consul saw that on the shoulders of the tall Tak worms, there were two black and white, and the fluffy and round young creatures stayed on top, and It seems to be close together.

The cub on the left also protected its silver-gray tail on the black cub on the right, as if preventing the black cub from accidentally falling from the shoulders of the Tucker.

This is indeed the case. To avoid the balance of Gu Huai’s poor control of the body, Yalves used his tail to wrap the cubs next to him as much as possible, thus causing the two cubs to be intimately at this time. Come together.

Complex ideas are inconvenient to convey with a snoring, Gu Huai still used a spiritual link.

So the next thing is this scene -

The three heads of the army and the chief of staff sat opposite the Feltz consul. On the table between them, a black and white cub was near the Zerg side.

The consul saw the golden erects of the two zerg's young cubs, and suddenly smashed.

"Your Majesty is not talking to you directly, but I can give you the words of the sire as a middleman." The Chief of Staff sat across from the opposite side.

Originally it was a very serious and serious scene. The consul is now a little more responsive. He paused for a few seconds before saying: "First of all, on behalf of the Fields, I would like to express our gratitude to the Zerg. Thank you very much for this riot. The help of our race in the event..."

"Oh." The black cub on the table snorted.

All the Zerg, opposite the consul, first glimpsed for a second, then the chief of staff reluctantly restored his expression and pushed the glasses and said: "Your Majesty accepted your thanks."

Archon: "..."

It’s really not faced with this kind of diplomatic scene. Fields’s governor added: “So what we have talked about before, the Zerg and the Fields established diplomatic relations...”

After the other party’s words were not finished, Gu Huai felt that his current state was not suitable for any official conversation, so he gave a quick response.

"Oh." The black cub on the table snorted again.

The eyes of the Zerg in the scene suddenly became bright and bright. It was difficult for the chief of staff to stretch their expressions at this time and replied with a calm tone: "Your Majesty agrees with you that our two races should establish friendly exchanges."

"We have drawn up the friendly covenant as soon as possible. May I ask the governor, do you have anything else?" The chief of staff asked quietly.

The consuls don't see the fact that these Zerg people don't want to care about outsiders now. This is not aimed at him. He basically sees it. This group of Zerg is now completely "the universe is destroyed and don't come to me." They are only full of their kings.

So the governor walked very refreshed, and he did not stay to be appreciative.

After sleeping for so long, plus the huge mental energy consumption in the previous battle, Gu Huai feels a little hungry now.

After waiting for the opening of the Huaihuai, the Chief of Staff immediately said after the departure of the Feltz’s governor: “The subordinates have prepared food for you.”

When he said this, the chief of staff was kept bright under the glasses, including other Zerg in the house, but Gu Huai did not notice.

"Oh." The cub made a soft cry and continued to rest on the table.

Gu Huai was very safe until he saw his staff chief take a small bottle...

The glass ball-like gold enamel was rounded in an instant, and the black cub on the table subconsciously shrank the body back and hid behind Yalves: "Hey, hey!!"

Who will tell him why there is a bottle like this? !



Chapter 59 

Gu Huai has retracted his body and hid behind Arvis, and this behavior has fully expressed his rejection.

"Oh." Gu Huai's two voices are calling for Yalves.

"Oh." Hearing, Arvis, who was in front of the black cub, responded. Although he did not change back to the adult form of adulthood, Yalves still well protected Gu Huai behind him.

The picture looks like a white velvet zerg cub with a pair of small wings covering the other black cub with his body, and the silver-gray small tail behind him quietly moved.

Yalves only listened to Gu Huai’s words. As for the ideas of other Zerg, he ignored it.

However, the Zerg who were present did not give up easily.

Although this idea is a bit not very good, Gu Huai’s attitude towards them and the many concessions have already led them to discover one thing...

Wang is actually very easy to be soft to them.

It is because Gu Huai is always very gentle to them, and many times even let them feel the attitude of connivance, so they will try to make Gu Huai change the decision as it is now.

Except for Yalves who listened to Huaihuai, all other Zerg, including the other three heads of the army, are now on the same front.

The chief of staff held a small bottle filled with warm milk and moved out of his early morning to say good reasons: "Your majesty, eating with a bottle is more convenient for you now, not easy to soil the body."

After the Chief of Staff said this, the other Zerg also looked at the black cub who was shrinking his body and hiding behind Arvis with a brighter look. He silently showed their expectations to Gu Huai.

"Hey!"

No, this time, no matter how the Zerg themselves look at him, he will not agree. Gu Huai thinks that he must have a bottom line and can't drink a bottle.

However, the eyes of these Zerg are so bright and unclear. When Gu Huai expressed disagreement, these bright eyes have turned into eyes.

This kind of look is like saying very directly that they hope that Gu Huai can change his mind.

"Your Majesty..." Even the Zerg made a sound.

The black cubs behind Yalves swayed and moved, and Gu Huai was a little shaken.

Under the refusal attitude, once there is a slight shake, it is fatal, and Gu Huai’s attitude is not softened.

The eye-catching offensive of the Zerg is still going on, and Gu Huai finally lost: "...hey."

Then... the bottom line of the insects can be a little lower, and he is not a man anyway.

When I think about it, Gu Huai suddenly felt a lot better.

In fact, the Chief of Staff just said that it makes sense. If you don't use a bottle, you can only go to the fresh milk in the cup in his current form. This is also a bit shameful.

Trying to convince himself, Gu Huai finally came out from behind Yalves.

"Hey." The black cubs squatting round gold snorted at the zerg in front of them, and the voice was almost inaudible, but the Zerg who heard it was happy for a moment.

They know that this is what Gu Huai agreed to.

But there is still a problem with the Zerg, who among them will feed their own king?

Even in the order of classes, there are four Zerg in the a class, and Yalves does not participate, and there are three. Is it right to go out and fight one, who won who to feed?

Of course, things didn't go so far. Gu Huai saw what the Zerg was entangled in, so he casually proposed a method he felt very fair.

Guess the boxing.

Let them guess for a while, Gu Huai can also have time to slow down and let himself accept this reality.

It is estimated that these Zerg people do not know what the guessing is. Gu Huai then establishes a spiritual link to explain.

It is a two-player game with three gestures of stone, scissors and cloth. Two people make one of them by hand at the same time. Then the stone wins the scissors, the scissors wins the cloth, and the cloth wins the stone. It is very simple.

Gu Huai conveyed his thoughts to every Zerg in the house through a spiritual link. He heard that Gu Huai said that in the three heads of the army except Yalves, Kapaliya frowned slightly, and Simo was scratched. Scratching his head, and Ay bent his mouth under the cold expression, revealing a soft smile.

This method of determining candidates is fair in most cases, even if they use the extremely sensitive dynamic vision to observe whether the opponent will release the cloth and scissors, and then decide what they are doing, in the case of similar combat capabilities. This can also be considered a fairness.

But Ai is here, it is not fair.

Ai's predictive ability allows him to know the result of the guessing a few seconds in advance. He only needs to make corresponding changes based on the results.

Gu Huai said that he did not consider this when he guessed the boxing. Although the Zerg people present all thought of it, they did not want to oppose it.

So the result is no suspense.

"Oh... you cheated." Simo was looking at his own scissors and Ai's stone, and with a look of fierce face, he couldn't say more accusations.

Ai smiled at him slightly and looked at himself.

Kapaliya lost before Simodo. She just coldly smacked a hole in the ground with her sharp knife-shaped left hand, and snorted.

The small bottle arrived at Ai's hand.

Although it is a pity that it is not possible to feed the king with a small bottle, it is a matter of watching the king of the family... and the king of the cubs, the zerg in the house still has a enthusiasm of 120,000 points.

It’s always coming.

Seeing that their Zerg had already guessed the result, Gu Huai knew that he could not hide.

The black cub on the table subconsciously approached the other cub next to it.

This is a subtle change, because knowing that Arvis will only listen to him, Gu Huai, while unknowingly letting himself, have some sort of habit that can be counted as dependence on Yalves.

"Oh." Yalves responded with a sigh of relief, and the silver-gray little tail behind him was also guarded around the black cub.

Because the two are now close together, Yalves only needs to move the body to complete this frivolous action.

Without reason, Gu Huai was scorned by the other side in the form of cubs, and then look at the silver-gray little tail that guarded him. Gu Huai suddenly felt a little shy.

Probably because, from the act of Yalves, Gu Huai clearly felt the similar attitude that Yalves had expressed to him.

Fortunately, he is now black fluffy, even if he is blushing.

After thinking about it, Gu Huai responded to the same action to Yalves.

"Oh." The same snoring, the black cub with a pair of round eyes on the table also moved, and squatted to the side of the cub with a similar golden plaque.

The two round cubs that are tied together make all the Zerg in the house unable to see their eyes, and they all stare intently.

But feeding this thing can't be delayed.

After waiting for two plush cubs to come and go for a while, Ai walked up with a small bottle.

Who taught this zerg to the practical small bottle feeding?

The answer is that two hours ago, the two human generals who came to visit the Zerg, they were so ruined.

First hold the baby to the leg.

The black cub on the table was held by Ai on his lap and then adjusted.

It is said that the posture of lying halfway will be better, so the black cub on Ai's leg passively collapsed the body, and then put the **** of the small bottle into the mouth of the cub.

Progressing to this step, all the Zerg's eyes in the house have been illuminating for dozens of degrees, which can be described as hot.

Gu Huai's brain is empty, of course, in the shape of the cub, just a round black cub rounds its glass ball-like golden erect.

Since things are already like this, once the human exercise is lost, it is impossible to smash. Once the bottom line of the person has retreated, there is no way to go forward. Gu Huai has given up the struggle.

In order to make the Zerg in the family happy, he is too difficult, it is really too difficult.

Gu Huai closed his eyes and took a pacifier with a heavy burden.

Hey.

The black cub lying on the Ai's leg and licking the first milk in the small bottle.


Chapter 60

The cubs are drinking milk in small bottles, and the larval larvae of the zerg are in a state of contraction. The eyes are all lit up, and it looks like a piece of sparkling crystal.

The two people who taught them are really useful, and the bottle is something that humans have invented...

At this moment, the Zerg suddenly saw the advantages in the enemy of their old era. In terms of raising the baby, human beings have many places worthy of their reference.

After drinking the first milk with a bottle, Gu Huai felt that he had no bottom line.

Although he is not human now.

Since they have already humiliated and took the first bite, they have to drink all they have to drink. Otherwise, it will be meaningless to bear the burden.

Gu Huai gave herself some psychological construction. At this time, the black pout on the leg of Ai had a pacifier with a small bottle. The round golden eyes looked at the bottle and started to work hard. Drinking milk, trying to finish the milk in this bottle.

As everyone knows, when the baby **** the bottle, it will make a sound, and every time it is sucked, it will make a little noise.

This sound is actually very light, but for the Zerg soldiers with excellent hearing ability, the snoring of this bottle can be said to be very clear.

Whenever this sound appeared once, the Zerg in the room made a movement that leaned back slightly because of the difficulty of breathing, but no Zerg soldier fell backwards.

It is not because the impact is not big enough, but they feel that they can't miss the picture of their own king drinking milk with a bottle, so they insisted on it with a strong will.

As a party, Gu Huai once again closed his eyes as if he did not hear it. Fortunately, there was not much milk in the small bottle. Gu Huai took a while and soon finished drinking it.

The baby bottle is empty.

The owner of the family completed the first time drinking milk with a bottle. The Zerg in the house is now particularly excited, which is especially memorable.

Life can't do this in love, Gu Huai feels that he is sublimated.

Ai took the empty bottle from the mouth of the cub, and he thought about what to do next.

The two humans said that after the cubs had finished drinking milk with their bottles, they should hold the cubs and take a shot.

Ai did it, he carefully picked up the black cubs on his legs and patted the crotch of the cubs with the lightest force.

After being photographed, Gu Huai was put back to the previous position.

The black cub on the table was already very round. After drinking a whole bottle of milk, the abdomen was still slightly bulging, so the body looked even more round.

Wang is really cute.

The Zerg do not want to do anything. If they let them look at the king of their own cubs, they can look at it all day.

After experiencing a difficult thing in the worm, Gu Huai looked at the Zerg who were obviously happy in the house. He comforted himself to make sense.

At this time, in the cub form, Yalves again protected his silver-gray small tail to the black pups next to him, and obviously used the tail to take the black cub to his side.

Because Gu Huai’s intention was not to use a bottle, Yalves was not interested in the task of competing for feeding, but the instinct’s monopoly would allow him to make the present move.

Gu Huai has been able to roughly understand the various reactions of Yalves, knowing that this big cat will be very good as long as he follows the sputum, so the black cub who just finished drinking milk is used by another cub next to him. The tail took it over and the two round cubs leaned back together again.

Gu Huai accepted the invitation to Levin Star to establish diplomatic relations with the Fields. Now that the task has been completed, they can also go back to Thur Star.

Even if Gu Huai does not say that he wants to return to Tusser, the Zerg who followed him to the planet are now eager to see.

Today's Tuse Star is the most powerful planet of the Zerg garrison. It can be called a steel fortress. Their king is now back to the cub form. They must protect their king in the safest place.

When the Zerg fleet was ready to leave from Levin Star, they had to go to Levin Star to stay in Levin Star for a few days before returning to the Earth Federation, where Shen Mu and Hamer specially went to the airport to bid farewell.

How do they say that they have been a guest on the Zerg side for a while? In fact, during this time, they were treated very well, and they also had some friendship with some Zerg.

Although I don't know if this friendship is unilaterally considered.

The Zerg is always cold, which makes it difficult for outsiders to spy on their emotions. The most vivid emotions of these Zerg are the love of their king.

However, before Shen Mu received a small gift from the parting, they should have a little friendship with the Zerg.

This time, with their racial identity, Shen Mu and Hamer felt that they might have difficulty meeting the Zerg in the future.

With such a thought, the two really have a real feeling of sadness.

"Hey."

In the face of the two humans who sent the Zerba farewell, Zheng An’s black cub, who was on the shoulder of a Tak worm, snorted at the two and looked at them with a round golden gimmick.

The Chief of Staff received a spiritual link at the same time. He calmed his expression and looked forward to the two humans in a cold step. "Your Majesty said that you are welcome to come to Thur Star again and hope to have a chance to meet again in the future."

Both Shen Mu and Hamer were a little touched. They were still thinking about what they were just thinking about, but they were unilaterally thinking, but now they have received an exact response.

This moved, Hammer felt that they should give back something.

I remember that these Zerg had long asked them how they would like to be cubs. Hamer and others led the Tak Zerg to carry Gu Huai into it. He coughed and started to open small classes for these Zerg: "Actually, pets The embarrassing method is very simple. The essence is that you pick the stars and pick the moon. The cub wants to give it everything."

Picking the stars to pick the moon?

Hearing this sentence, the Zerg people present were thoughtful.

Hammer who said this clearly forgot the cultural differences between the two races. He said that "picking the stars to pick the moon" is only a description, but it is not the case in the ears of the Zerg.

"Thank you for your advice." The Chief of Staff nodded to Hammer.

Unconscious of the seriousness of this matter, Hammer still had a smile on his face. He waved his hand to the Zerg who was about to leave: "Nothing, you have any questions to ask in this area, you can also send a message. Come and ask us."

The chief of staff should have said: "Okay."

The two sides are separate.

The king carrying the cub form, the selected Yula warship throughout the voyage, the sky blue ship light on the ship has been flashing regularly, fully reflecting the high spirit of this Yula warship.

But it was to let other starships seen on the way look awkward. When there was a flash of light on the ship, even the destroyer-class Yula warship seemed to be suddenly scary.

The troops returned to Thur Star, and the airport of Tuse Star was already crowded with a group of Zerg soldiers who were waiting for their own king to return.

They want to see the cubs of their own kings with their own eyes. They don’t want to wait for a second. They can’t wait for their ability to transfer space. They are now and immediately transferred to their own king.

The king became a real cub, but they didn't see it for the first time. If you think about it, you will feel a little depressed.

When Gu Huai arrived at the airport of Tussex, he had to face this scene. Looking at the Zerg who was suddenly lit up because he saw him, Gu Huai learned to use his current form of cub.

"Oh." The black cubs resting on the shoulders of the Tucker worms stunned the Zerg who had greeted him back at the airport, and the golden scorpion also watched them.

Hearing this soft snoring, waiting for these zerg soldiers in Tuse Star to feel nothing low, but immediately felt the feeling of breathing, because they did not consciously hold their breath.

There is not only one cub on the shoulder of the Tucker, but next to the black cub, another cub that does not make a sound always keeps the tail on the other side, avoiding the black cub falling. Possible.

Because of the two cubs carrying the shoulders, the Tucker's actions became extraordinarily careful. Despite the terrible appearance, this Tucker Zombie showed no doubt that it was the parental attitude of the cub.

Almost all areas in the private residence of Yalves are now covered with several layers of carpet, which the Zerg was prepared to avoid accidentally falling while the King was walking in the cub.

Their king is still not very likely to walk in this form, and if it is not as stable as before, it will hurt if it falls to the ground.

Don't say anything, they can tear down a warship three or two times. If you can tear down the warship, it doesn't mean that you will not hurt when you walk. Can these two things be the same?

When I got back to the mansion, the Tak zerg, who was acting cautiously on the way, leaned down and put the round cubs on the shoulders and put them together on the floor covered with soft blankets.

After letting go, the Tektrona stared at the black cub on the carpet with scarlet eyes, as if they were reluctantly making a low snoring from the throat.

"Your Majesty, this is the glass ball for you." The Chief of Staff placed a glass ball in front of the black cub on the ground.

Put a toy ball on the king, and then all the zergs in the house are looking forward to it.

Gu Huai: "..."

The minds of these Zerg people are so obvious that Gu Huai can see at a glance that Gu Huai glanced at the glass ball in front of him and silenced for two seconds.

But drinking milk with a bottle is accepted, and playing a toy ball is really nothing.

To meet the expectations of the surrounding Zerg, the black cub on the soft carpet is like a golden ball that is as round as the glass ball. After a few seconds, a front paw is extended and gently touched in front of it. The glass ball.

Seeing this picture, many zergs in the room suddenly breathed, and had to lean back and try to breathe a few mouthfuls.

The chief of staff can barely hold his expression, and he still has something to ask.

"Your majesty, how many stars do you want?" The chief of staff half-squatted in front of the black cub on the ground. "The moon may take a little time to pick it up, because the moon...the planet called the moon is the human capital. Satellite of the Earth."

The Chief of Staff said that the Zerg people immediately thought about it.

The two humans taught them that the pet cub would pick the stars from the cubs and pick up the moon. There is only one moon, so they must pick a lot of stars for their own king.

“Hey?” Gu Huai is a bit confused, I don’t know where this topic comes from.

"Humans say that parents who love pets will pick the stars from the cubs and pick up the moon. We can pick up a lot of stars right away, and you can do as much as you want." The chief of staff said seriously.

The meaning of the pick is the occupation. The Zerg in the field understands this.

Gu Huai heard a word, even if the star is picked up, to avoid the family Zerg really ran to "picking the moon", Gu Huai quickly established a spiritual link.

Picking the stars to pick the moon is not the meaning...

It is difficult to explain to the Zerg the meaning of this statement, Gu Huai began to have a headache.

The two humans who are far away from Levin Star don’t know that they have pitted Gu Huai once again, and even worse, the glorious deeds of their lives can add a touch of color.

It was recorded by the history of the new era as the initiator of the battle between the Zerg and the human race.


Chapter 61 

It’s hard for Gu Huai to explain to his own Zerg the meaning of “picking the stars and picking the moon”. He used the spiritual link to tell the Zerg that this is just an abstract metaphor, not really going to the stars and the moon. Give it off.

When Gu Huaigang explained this, the Zerg around him seemed to be not immediately convinced.

"Your Majesty, don't you want the stars and the moon?" The Chief of Staff confirmed the question again.

"Hey." The black cub on the carpet raised his head and snorted. The round golden eyes made the chief of staff finally unable to stretch his expression, and he could not help but take a step back.

After stabilizing the body, the chief of staff helped to support his glasses: "The subordinates understand."

Since the king said that picking the stars to pick the moon is not what they thought, and they don't want it, they won't pick it.

On the side of Levin Star, Shen Mu and Hamer, who finally returned to the human side, were also sunk and will be called into the study for a detailed cross-examination.

In view of the fact that the two returned without any omen before, and they just happened to encounter the rebel riots, Shen Shang will have no time to ask the two men about the experience of this time.

Tomorrow they will set off to return to the Earth Federation. Before going back, the question to ask is still to be asked.

After shouting the two into the study, Shen will see that both of them can be said that the young general who grew up watching him is like a shovel. He pointed to the two chairs opposite: "What are you doing, sit."

Not too afraid to sit...

Shen Mu and Hammer looked at each other and saw each other's guilty conscience from the other's eyes, and the body sat down stiffly.

I know that I will be asked sooner or later, and the question is the time of death. The two have been trying to be optimistic, but now it is impossible to run.

When the two sat down opposite, the already quite old Shen Shang knocked on the table and asked: "What happened to the two of you, what happened to the fleet after encountering the star thief, why is it on the Zerg planet? Guest?"

Both Shen Mu and Hamer closed their eyes. For a time, neither of them dared to speak. Finally, Hamer swallowed and said: "That... Uncle, this thing is long, the process is very complicated and very complicated..."

Shen Shang wrinkled his brow and interrupted: "Then you will focus on it. You two have been in the military for so long, how can you report it, will you still need me to teach you?"

This is not afraid to say that he will die on the spot.

Hammer thought painfully in his heart. After a long silence, he said with difficulty: "Our fleet encountered a star thief, and then we were caught by the star thief, and then the star thieves ran into the zerg. Pulling the battleship, the result is of course annihilated by the Zerg... The Zerg brought us both back to the Thur Star and shut it in the house, but it really saved us."

"And then?" Shen will ask.

"And then..." Hammer swallowed and shook a heart and continued. "Then there was a small misunderstanding. I fled with Shen Mu and escaped, thinking about finding a chance to escape to the Earth Federation, but I escaped from the jailbreak." In the process, we accidentally met the Zerg’s armpit..."

Shen Shang’s expression changed slightly, and suddenly there was a bad feeling in his heart: “Continue.”

Hammer thought about the glorious deeds of the two of them. It really couldn’t be said. At this time, Shen Mu, who had been quietly beside him, took the message: "Because of the misleading appearance, we mistaken the Zerg’s squat for humanity. Compatriots, so we took him from Tuse Star to other planets."

When Shen Mu’s voice just fell, the study room rang with a loud bang, and the table between the two of them and Shen Shang was directly smashed by the latter.

I thought that when I was young, when I was young, a nickname in the military department was called "Iron Fist", and my temper was very strong.

Hammer looked at the smashed table in front of him, and the body couldn't help but tremble, feeling the sinking of the fist as if they were on both of them.

Hammer battles: "Bo, uncle, you are calm, you must be calm -"

"I am calm and fart!" The old man has been self-cultivating for many years. Shen Shang will now be aroused by the temper of the year. He pointed his finger at the two young people. "Do you know what you are doing?" What?? The jailbreak turned the king of the Zerg to another planet. No wonder the Zerg suddenly came to the earth and let us return. The original is what you both provoked!"

"The Zerg almost hit us on that day. If it really fights, the two of you are the sinners who caused this war. Later, it is to be written in the history textbook to criticize!!" Shen Shang will be more angry, forehead The blue veins are all picked up, and now they are suddenly jumping.

Since entering the new era, although there has been little friction between humans and zerg, the big war has not happened.

People who live in peacetime now don't want to go through war again, and this hard-won security situation is easily broken by the two people in front of him, which makes Shen Shang how not to anger.

"If it weren't for you who met me on this planet, if you are one of my sons, one is the son of a friend of my world... After you return to Earth, you will be sent to the federal military court by myself." The admiral is holding two people. "Do you guys know about the two rabbits?!"

Hammer nodded quickly and continuously: "Know that you know, you are mad, don't anger your body."

Shen Shangjiang: "What are you doing, and I will give it to me one by one!"

"No, no, really no." Hammer looked serious and sincere.

Shen Shang will calm down his anger. This is almost the case. It is a coincidence that at this time, Hammer received a newsletter from Tuse Star.

This communication was sent by Gu Huai.

"Hey..." He looked at Shen Shang, and Hamer suddenly didn't dare to pick up the newsletter in front of the other party.

Shen Shen will sigh: "Accept, you will pick it up here."

The elders spoke, and Hammer couldn't help but had to accept the newsletter at the scene.

In Tusexing, Gu Huai returned to the room on the grounds that he wanted to sleep, avoiding the communication that most of his own Zerg sent to Hammer.

After the communication was connected, Gu Huai sent this paragraph to the opposite side -

[My current state is not convenient to speak, it can only be conveyed in words. 】

The black fluffy cub lying on the bed looked at the communication image with its golden erect, using the ability to input text.

"Okay." Hammer saw the message sent and nodded quickly.

[In fact, nothing is wrong, just want to remind you, if there are any questions the Zerg asks you later, you should answer it straightforwardly, don’t describe it with too many modifiers... especially if you use metaphors, They are likely to misunderstand. 】

"Ah?" Hammer still didn't react. I don't know why Gu Huai suddenly said this to him.

[Like you said to them, "Take the stars to pick the moon," they misunderstood, thinking that this is to let them occupy the planet, and told me that it takes a little time to pick the moon. I said so, should you understand what I mean? 】

The purpose of Gu Huai’s communication was to remind the two of the cultural differences between their races and to avoid what happened afterwards.

As soon as the last paragraph was received, Hammer’s body was stiff and he dared not turn his eyes to see Shen’s present expression.

Uh... They almost let the Zerg come over to capture the moon, and the satellite of their planet is about to become the target of the Zerg.

After the end of the communication, Shen Mu and Hamer stood in the same place and did not dare to move. They had already felt the sight of death from the opposite side.

This line of sight can almost shoot both of their bodies through a hole, just two people can burn together.

"You two, now I am going out and running around the Levin star for ten laps. If you can't run, don't think about going back to Earth--!" Shen will scream.

Shen Mu and Hamer still dare to stay, and quickly go out to run, even a word can not refute.

Running around the planet for ten laps is not something that normal people can do, but now is the time when they talk back.

After being hanged several times, Gu Huai finally unintentionally smashed two human generals once. At the moment of ending the communication, Gu Huai felt that he was scorned by Yalves.

The little cub, dragging the silver-gray small tail, smashed it against the black cub that was close to it, and then the small tail with a metallic texture tilted slightly.

Gu Huai discovered that after he changed back to the cub form, Yalves, who also traced back to the cub form, liked to be close to him, and then he would look at him from time to time.

Yalves seems to want to do something, but he hasn't done it yet, but when Gu Huai responds to him, he will show a happy look.

This time is the same.

From such a close scorn, I can feel the direct likeness. Gu Huai intends to respond more clearly, so his return this time is more obvious than before.

"Oh." The glass ball-like golden erect looks particularly beautiful. The black cub on the shackles leaned sideways to the side. This time, I slammed the little cubs with small wings to the side.

Receiving such a clear response, Arvis, who had only slightly tilted his small tail, suddenly rounded his light gold erect, and the small wings on his back did not move.

It was also because of this response that Arvis finally decided to do what he wanted to do.

In the light gold mullion, a mane curled up on the side of the young scorpion was reflected, staring at the little cocked fur, and Yalves moved the silver-gray small tail behind him.

For another second, the young cub, who was dragging a silver-gray little tail, deceived her, and put out her tongue to smother the small, obedient fluff on the black cub.

For another cub, that is, combing hair, this is something special in the Zerg -

Expressing a simple good feeling.

Because I like it very much, I will take the initiative to do so.




Chapter 62

"Hey." The fluff was smashed, and the black pups, swaying like a glass ball, seemed to be stunned. The scorpion suddenly enlarged a lot, and the body that was huddled on the shackles did not move.

In the form of juveniles, all of them are fluffy, and of course there is no blush. But if it is a humanoid form, Gu Huai should now be blushing.

After carefully combing a raised hair, if you don't move, if you don't refuse, then Arvis will continue this behavior.

The quilt will make Gu Huai feel itchy, but from the serious attitude of Yalves, although Gu Huai is not clear about the specific meaning of this behavior in the Zerg, he can vaguely feel that this should be a piece. Very important and very special thing.

Therefore, although Gu Huai felt a little itchy, he did not want to reject Yalves at this time. Otherwise, when the big cat changed back to the humanoid form, it was estimated that he would squint at him.

When Yalves showed dissatisfaction, he always made Gu Huai feel very cute, but Gu Huai did not think about deliberately making the other party unhappy in this important matter of special significance.

In fact, it is not completely itchy, but it feels very comfortable. Gu Huai endures the itchiness and does not move. He continues to keep his body in a group, allowing Arvis to come close and lick its fluff.

The bristles of the black cubs next to him were more than a glimpse. Arvis used his light gold erect to stare at the disobedient fluff, and quickly spread the tongue to smooth the fluff.

Being combed fluff is a very comfortable thing, so after enduring the initial itchy feeling, the black cub that received the squeaking hair gradually smashed its round golden scorpion.

The black cub has been steadily swaying throughout the process of combing the fluff. After finishing the combing, the other cub that gave it to the fluff was snorted and slightly raised the silver gray behind it. Little tail.

Then the two cubs leaned close to each other on the soft bedding. The black cub on the left fell asleep first, and Yalves on the right did not fall asleep. It didn't need to sleep so often, but to sleep with him, At this time, it also closed his eyes and pretended to sleep.

In the period when Gu Huai failed to change back to the humanoid form, the Zerg's happiness index reached a peak.

Even if they don't live in Tuse Star, but live on other planets, these Zerg soldiers receive daily live images sent to them by the Chief of Staff, and the mood is also very visible to the naked eye.

The recorded images of the morphology of the young king's cubs are too precious. How regretful they were before they could see the true cubs of their own kings, how happy they are now.

The king was born on an abandoned planet, and this thing has always plagued the Zerg.

The conditions for abandoning the planet are so difficult, there are so many dangers on the planet, and their king should not stay in such a place.

For the Zerg, they feel that when Gu Huai is still a young man, they should protect this young quail egg on the most powerful planet of their race.

Then they can guard this young quail egg every day until their king is born from the egg.

Why Gu Huai was born is a form of adulthood. Although no one has discussed this problem in the Zerg, the Zerg sometimes can’t help but wonder if it’s because the young egg has been hurt. This abnormal situation will occur.

And when they think that young quail eggs may be hurt, they will feel a strange sad feeling.

Now they saw the pattern of Gu Huai's cubs. Although they didn't look at Gu Huai's shells from the cubs in this form, they inexplicably finally got a little relieved.

Their king is very healthy and will grow up well under their protection.

Gu Huai is not ignorant of the recent mood of his own Zerg. His ability to perceive is not lost because of the retrospective shape of the cub, and even if he does not use perceptual ability, he just looks around when the Zerg looks at him. Eyes can also know what their mood is.

Just because the previous soft heart caused the bottom line to fall, Gu Huai can be said that there is no bottom line in the recent period.

For example, I don’t know who taught his Zerg to buy a warship model and put it on the carpet to play with him.

I couldn't help but reject the mysterious Zerg's mind when I was squatting on the golden cubs on the carpet. I just had to play with it.

Then one day, Gu Huai wore a small dinosaur dress in this cub form. Of course, he only wore it for a while, and after satisfying the record desire of the surrounding Zerg, Gu Huai broke free from this dress.

To ask what these Zerg want to do most of the day during this time, it must be a small comb to comb the king of their own cub form.

Parents are pampered for the pups, so every Zerg who has a parental attitude towards Gu Huai wants to do this.

Today is the turn of Kapaliya.

With a frosty expression, the left hand of Kapelia's sharp knife form was quietly hanging, while the right hand was holding a wooden semi-circular comb, and a plush black cub was crouching. Next to the sofa.

Capalia seemed to be very calm, but when she was about to start combing the cubs, the little comb she held in her right hand was snapped off by her.

Facelessly changing another comb, Kapalia's movement of the black cub was completely cautious, and after carefully combing it all, Kapaliya relaxed her look a little.

During these two months, there have been no small changes in Tuse Star. After trading with many races, many shops have been introduced on Tuse Star. Many races with the Zerg have a friendly covenant. Various investments have been made and the business circle of Tusestar is gradually being established.

The tourism development of Tusestar has also been put on the agenda. Now that the Zerg’s external image has changed, the Zerg’s capital star will become a great gimmick.

However, Gu Huai has not been able to go out to take a look at the changes of Thur Star recently. There are still many inconvenient places in the cub form.

The habit of taking a nap made Gu Huai return to his bedroom in the afternoon. Yalves has been sleeping with Gu Huai recently, including the afternoon time.

Going back to the cub form for more than two months, Gu Huai still couldn't find a way to change himself back, which made him a bit tangled.

During this time, Gu Huai had not carefully observed the shape of his cub, so he turned his head in the posture of being shackled at the moment, and Gu Huai first saw his tail.

It is a fluffy tail, and it is very different from the tail of Arvis.

The tail of Yalves has faded, and the silver-gray tail looks like a cold, cold metal.

Gu Huai is thinking that his tail should be similar to Yalves when he is approaching the next stage of growth. However, he did not retain this feature in the humanoid form.

He actually has two small horns on his head, but because of the fluffy body, these two horns are very small, and it is hard to find them without looking carefully.

Similarly, his humanoid form does not retain this feature.

Gu Huai stared at his tail for a while, and he felt that this tail didn't always listen to him, unlike Yalves, who could control his tail well.

Thinking about it, Gu Huai felt that he should practice more practice. At this time, he tried to move his own fluffy black tail.

When he just moved, Gu Huai saw another silver-gray tail coming close.

The cold, silver-gray tail was only a little closer at first, and after determining that he did not remove the tail, he was closer to it until he leaned against his tail.

At the end of the day, this silver-gray tail seemed to be very solemn... a circle on his tail.

“Hey?” Gu Huai didn’t understand the meaning of the action of Arvis.

But as soon as he snorted, Gu Huai again passively accepted Arvis's combing of his fluff, and he could not help but reflexively squash himself into a ball.

The golden erectus is round and round, and the body that shrinks into a group looks more rounded. Once again, it is combed and fluffy. Gu Huai can't help but think about a question - is he still going to come and go?

However, Gu Huai observed a circle around the cub and found that the fluff on the other side was very obedient.

After looking for a good time, Gu Huai barely found a glimpse of the fluff in Arvis, and recalled how the other party did it. Gu Huai approached the past and imitated the small velvet Gently combed it.

"Hey." The silver-gray tail was not able to move up because it was very important, but the cubs contracted its shallow gold erect at this time.

Just by combing the fluff on the head, Gu Huai just feels a little itchy, but if it is the fluff on the back of the skull, Gu Huai can't stand it.

Itchy...

The feeling of itching is more and more difficult to bear, and when it reaches a certain point of endurance, the black cub suddenly changes its shape.

Changed back...?

Gu Huai was a little unresponsive. He was lying on the bed looking at the ceiling, and the next second, Arvis, who also changed back to the humanoid form, blocked his view of the ceiling.

Why can you block it? This is because Arvis is now almost pressing him under his body.

Although it is not actually pressed, this pose is a bit subtle because of the distance.

"Tail..." I know that Gu Huai has no tail in the humanoid form, but Yalves still looks at his eyes with his eyes.

I found that I couldn't find it. At the time of Arviston, he narrowed his mouth and his eyebrows drooped down.

Seeing this reaction from Arvis, Gu Huai thought that the other side had just played a circle on his tail very seriously. He could not help but ignore the delicate posture of both sides for a while. He asked: "Why should you circle your tail?"

Yalves hung down, his expression was cold, but the tone of the response was serious and solemn: "Missing."

Gu Huai heard a bit of it.

Not waiting for Gu Huai to doubt whether he had misunderstood, Yalves looked at him again and said, "I want to meet with Ah Huai."

In the understanding of Arvis, the mating is the closest thing that a loved one can do.

What does "love" mean? For a Zerg, it is very difficult for them to understand "heart" or understand "love", but Yalves understands this adjective from Gu Huai. The meaning of the representative.

His beloved is Gu Huai, so he wants to do this with the other person.

Gu Huai: "..."

Gu Huai repeatedly jumped in the state of aphasia and ridicule, not only because he heard that Arvis directly went to this level of discourse, but more because he was thinking -

In the end, who told this big cat, "crossing the tail" is to entangle the tail together? ?

Gu Huai is really helpless now. To what extent is this big cat in front of him, he will think that the tail is simply to circle the tail together.

"It’s not the meaning of circled tails together..." Gu Huai’s expression is a bit unnaturally said. Although he used to be human, what does it mean to be "crossing"?

When he heard Gu Huai's words, Yalves moved his tail slightly.

Instead of putting the tail together, what do you do?

The sight of Yalves is equivalent to a silent inquiry. Gu Huai was watched by the other party. Suddenly, he couldn’t speak a word. The ear tip was also inexplicably hot: "..."

This kind of thing, even if he knows what to do, he can’t say anything to the other party. This is how he explains...

However, Gu Huai thought hard. The big cat in front of him had no psychological burden. Even at this time, he came close to kiss him and began to foul: "He likes Ahuai and wants to meet Ahhua."

Gu Huai was flushed.



Chapter 63 

Gu Huai’s blush was completely uncontrollable, and the heat on his cheeks even spread to the neck.

It is so straightforward to say that the "crossing tail" requirement can be said to be so pure. Apart from Yalves, Gu Huai really can't imagine who else can do this.

In front of this silver big cat, I just don’t know what kind of request I’m proposing. After I’m finished talking to him, I’m going to use that pair of eyes to fix it, obviously showing a cold expression but obedient. The deputy is waiting for his consent and teaching.

If this is in the classroom, then Yalves is like a good student waiting for the teacher to lecture, but as a teacher who is not passively standing on the podium, Gu Huai just wants to say, this question he In fact, it is not very good...

Although he could see that Gu Huai was red, Yalves did not know why Gu Huai was blushing. He only knew that when he saw Gu Huai blushing, he would want to use his tail to encircle Gu Huai.

Because Yalves thinks that Gu Huai’s blush looks good, on the one hand, he wants to circle himself and not let others see it. On the other hand, when he uses his tail to surround Gu Huai, Yalves’s instinct possessive will Get a certain degree of satisfaction.

"You are more suitable for Eleanor than I am." It was a bit too much to be watched by Arvis, and Gu Huai couldn't help but squint.

Pure lovers.

As far as the current situation is concerned, this big cat is obviously more suitable for this flower language than he is, and it seems that it is pure and pure.

Yalves heard the biased head, he did not speak, still continue to look at Gu Huai with his eyes.

Because of this sentence of self-export, Gu Huai really clearly confirmed at this time what position he put Yalves in.

Although he had been kissed by Yalves before, in order to marry this big cat, Gu Huai also lost his **** and took the initiative to kiss each other, but Gu Huai has always been vague about the relationship between lovers.

This is mainly because Gu Huai’s perception of this aspect of emotion has been relatively slow.

To say the appearance of the condition, Gu Huai's body shape is long, the eyebrows are very clear and beautiful, the skin color is white and has a sense of transparency, and the micro-bends are very beautiful, it is easy to get the goodwill of others at first sight.

With such appearances, Gu Huai did not lack anyone who expressed his affection for him when he was in the original world. Especially in the student period, the good-looking appearance and excellent academic performance, the people who chase after it can be arranged in a long line.

But even in this case, Gu Huai did not talk about love, because most of the time he didn't even know that anyone liked him.

The suggestion is completely imperceptible, and the explicit does not necessarily understand. Only the level of the straight ball player of Yalves can make Gu Huai finally aware after several straight strokes.

I realized that it would not be acceptable, but I saw that a big cat who was supposed to be very proud and indifferent was so obedient to him because he liked it. The more you listen to him, the more clearly Gu Huai can understand. I felt that Arvis liked him purely.

Directly too strong, Gu Huai was touched several times, so some of the behavior of this silver big cat will make him feel cute, but he was slow to find out.

Because I like it, I feel cute.

"Ahuai taught me." At this moment, Yalves voiced low and said that coveted showed a good attitude towards learning.

Gu Huai: "..."

Gu Huai’s blush can’t go away. This kind of question is how to teach him...? ?

Gu Huai did not talk about love before this, so don't mention further things. Gu Huai has only a theoretical understanding of the subject that Yalves wants to learn. In practice, he is a novice level like the other.

"This shouldn't be a natural thing. Why don't you..." Gu Huai did not calmly start to delay the topic. He didn't immediately pass his heart and asked him to teach Yalves "the end." "This is really a bit of a thing...

Yalves did not say a few seconds.

The Zerg is inherently relatively lacking in feelings, and the character of Yalves is much more indifferent than the general Zerg, and the instinct associated with ** is very weak.

Although this instinct was triggered in the face of Gu Huai, Yalves is still ignorant of this strange instinct.

Yalves did not shake his gaze, and the voice repeated lowly: "Ahuai taught me."

Gu Huai couldn't turn the subject down. He reasonably doubted whether the big cat in front of him had learned how to foul without a teacher. Otherwise, why the exporter always made him feel uncomfortable.

"I really want to learn...?" Gu Huaigang just asked this sentence and couldn't help but raise his hand to cover his eyes. He even evaded the side of the body and tried to pick up the quilt and wrap his whole person in the side-lying position. .

It is normal to have a close relationship with a favorite person on the premise of a lover relationship. This is a very normal thing. Gu Huai feels that there is a problem that the big cat in front of him needs him to teach.

He is a good driver, but Yalves is not even a driver's license, and he is novice than his novice driver with theoretical knowledge...

This situation is really terrible.

"I want to learn." Yalves answered almost immediately.

The question was asked by myself. Gu Huai put the hand that blocked his eyes a little hard. When he put it in his hand, Gu Huai saw that the big cat in front of him had moved his tail and put it on his hand.

The silver-gray tail touched the palm of his hand. Gu Huai passively touched a cold touch. He was still blushing. Gu Huai is now helpless and feels a little funny: "You can't use your tail."

Hearing that Gu Huai said this, Yalves did not take back his tail, but the end of the tail moved slightly. It can be seen that he did not react to Gu Huai’s sentence.

This reaction made Gu Huai even more ridiculed: "If the tail is to use the tail, what should we do with the zerg without a tail in our race?"

Yalves’s reaction was to move the tip of the tail again, and the lips were not talking.

Yalves did not think about this problem. He was indifferent to other things. Understanding the word "mating tail" is of course also starting from himself and directly understanding it literally.

Although he couldn't use his tail, since Yalves had handed him the tail, Gu Huai touched the situation.

Pretending to be calm, actually doing psychological construction for yourself.

The difficulty and shame of hands-on teaching are too high...

"You can... kiss me first." Gu Huai said slowly, he was in a delicate state of tension.

As soon as the words were finished, Gu Huai’s body and nerves were both tight, and to be honest he was not prepared.

Yalves's learning attitude is good. How does Gu Huai teach him how to do it. At this time, he is very obedient and bows his head and gently kisses the young man's lips and cheeks. The tail also spontaneously and consciously circled the youth.

The kiss between the lovers is to stick out the tongue, and Yalves still remembers this thing, so when he kisses Gu Huai's lips, he licks the lips of Gu Huai with his tongue and then tries to penetrate.

Gu Huai did not refuse, and when his tongue was touched by Arvis, his white neck suddenly climbed thin red.

The kiss between lovers is very different from the ordinary kiss. Arvis carefully explored it. After the exploration, he asked Gu Huai again with his eyes.

Then what do you do...?

This is the cup that doesn't have a driver's license or wants to drive. The shame of the hands-on teaching makes Gu Huai feel overwhelmed. He continues to give the big cat a hint: "You just want to kiss these two places."

Yalves's light gold erects shrank slightly from the moment, and when he heard the words of Gu Huai, the scorpion became more and more deflated.

Of course, not only do you want to kiss these two places, but there are still a lot of places that Yalves wants to kiss, but those places are blocked by clothes.

Hand-to-hand teaching to this extent, instinct will let Yalves gradually learn how to possess, but in the possession process, Yalves still has something to understand.

Gu Huai said that the tail does not need to be used, but in practice, Yalves found that his tail is to be used, and the silver wing needs to be used.

But even if he felt that Gu Huai had an incorrect place, Yalves did not express his doubts.

Gu Huai’s eyes were still reddish when he woke up the next day. There was too much physiological tears last night, and almost never stopped since entering.

Gu Huai woke up and opened his eyes. His eyes, which were not obviously faint, were gently kissed by Arvis.

This is a kiss with caution.

At the same time, Yalves habitually circled his tail to Gu Huai.

Although Arvis did not mention anything, Gu Huai saw the silver-gray tail of this circle on his waist, and his face suddenly became a bit more unnatural.

Fortunately, Arvis did not say anything. If Yalves now mentions his tail and the silver wing, Gu Huai’s reaction will definitely be more than that.

“The soil science experts who had previously recruited have recruited several people. They formed a research team and will begin research on the soil of Tusexing today.” Yalves’s squatting, at this time, showed a This kind of extra-docking and obedient gesture, saying that this sentence also has the meaning of seeking happiness.

Because I felt that I had cried Gu Huai yesterday and did something wrong, Yalves’s treatment of Gu Huai today is always a little more careful.

Gu Huai squinted, and Yalves was obsessed with the matter of planting flowers for him in Tussex. Every time he mentioned it, he always made Gu Huai think that this big cat is very cute.

Flowers are a beautiful but very fragile thing. This is the first time that Arvis has been aware of the "flower".

There is a flower in the heart of Arvis. He would have been enough to protect this flower, but this flower told him that he hoped there would be more flowers on the planet.

Because it is the desire of this flower in the heart, Arvis will want to achieve this.

He wants to create a flowery planet for Gu Huai.



Chapter 64

It’s hard to change back to the humanoid form. Gu Huai was supposed to inspect the changes of Tussex for more than two months, but he was really tired of being tossed by a big cat yesterday. Not only physically, but also almost reached the limit in spirit, so I couldn’t slow down when I slept.

Gu Huai can perceive the emotions of other Zerg, but as I said before, this is not necessarily active. When a Zerg is too strong, he may passively receive it.

When he first abandoned the planet, Gu Huai was passively receiving a sharp, almost sensible madness that Yalves passed to him. He only subconsciously comforted him in his sleep.

Yesterday, Gu Huai also passively received another strong feeling of over-stimulation from Yalves.

His own feelings have already made Gu Huai very unbearable, not to mention one more feeling from Yalves, Gu Huai feels that his eyes are uncontrollably tearing at the time is justifiable.

This incident also led Gu Huai to establish a spiritual link to Yalves. As for what Yalves found through the spiritual link, Gu Huai refused to think.

Gu Huai still squats on the bed, because he is still not talking at this time, and Yalves touches his eyes with his fingers, and the movement is very cautious.

"Ahuai." Yalves's voice was low, and Gu Huai did not move. He stood still at the bedside. His pale gold erect gaze slightly on Gu Huai's face, like a dangerous beast guarding his beloved things.

This performance of Yalves reminded Gu Huai that the big cat in front of him seemed to think that he had done the wrong thing, although Gu Huai explained that he did not cry because he felt pain.

This can't be said too clearly, then he can't always say that he is because... too, then there is such a reaction.

Gu Huai said that he couldn't export. At this time, he had to pretend to have a low cough. He reached out and pulled Arvis to let the other person bend over and lower his head. Then Gu Huai reached out and touched Arvis's hair indiscriminately, and made the other party's originally soft silver hair messy.

I blame this big cat for all kinds of fouls every day, otherwise how did he make an initiative to teach the other party how to deal with this kind of thing yesterday...

The shame of this matter is not generally high, but Gu Huai yesterday, under the unconscious volleyball attack of Yalves, did not hold it and the ghost agreed.

He always thinks that this big cat is cute because he likes it. Gu Huai is a dull player. But once he confirms his likes, his bottom line for Yalves will be lower.

Especially in the case that the big cat itself is fouled, it is too difficult for Gu Huai to hold his own bottom line.

As a slow-moving player, after the two people finished the most intimate exchange of the most intimate things, Gu Huai could not calmly face Arvis as before.

This is probably a delayed nerve rebound.

It’s very shy.

Although this is the case, Gu Huai tried to pretend to be calm as if nothing had happened. He said to Yalves: "I want to go out and see the recent changes in Tuse Star, but I don't want to walk now."

Gu Huai is in disguise in the request to Arvis, and Arvis has slightly reflected his head and did not respond, but he moved his tail to the front and let Gu Huai sit on him. Tail, then prepare to go out.

"Wait a minute, let me brush my teeth and wash my face and take a mirror..." The most important thing is to look in the mirror, Gu Huai thought.

Yalves heard the words of Gu Huai and went to the bathroom without a word. Gu Huai said that he did not want to walk. Even if it was indoors, Yalves did not let Gu Huai’s feet touch the floor.

Arvis walked to the front of the wash basin and stood still. Gu Huai reached for the brushing cup and toothbrush on the table and began to brush his teeth.

Brushing his teeth, Gu Huai sat on the tail of Yalves and unconsciously shook his legs.

For this behavior of Gu Huai, Yalves looked silently, and his tail remained motionless at a height.

In fact, no matter how chaotic Huai Huai, he will not have the opportunity to fall from the tail of Yalves, because Yalves' attention is always on him.

There was a mirror on the sink. Against this mirror, Gu Huai saw obvious marks on his neck.

Light red, the bite of the bite, which makes Gu Huai's expression suddenly a bit unnatural.

How can this be covered? It should not be surprising to wear a thin scarf in the fall...

The summer of Tusexing was in the past two months after Gu Huai had no intention to go back to the cub form, and now Tuse Star ushered in the fall.

Tuse Star was originally a planet with a relatively short warm season and a long cold season, not as divided as the Earth.

The annual spring and summer of Tussex add up to more than four months, and the autumn and winter seasons occupy the rest of the time.

Waiting for Gu Huai, he can go out. Arvis went out of the house with his tail carrying a person.

When I saw the young black-haired youth that Arvis carried with his tail, the first reaction of the found Zerg was a little disappointing, and the obvious one was directly on the face.

The king’s cub form is gone.

When they discovered this, the Zerg immediately became more aware of one thing - they would not be able to comb their own kings every day.

It is believed that combing the cubs is a way of expressing favor, so the Zerg in the parental mind has a kind of attachment to the Gu Huai combing in the form of cubs.

Although every Zerg was intentionally or unintentionally disguised, Gu Huai still discovered it early, and the Zerg was very fond of his return to the cub form.

These Zerg people like to see his cub form, so now he finds that he has changed back to have such a reaction.

Gu Huai is now facing this situation, and for a time he does not know whether he should be helpless.

Although it was only just over two months, the change in the city of Tusexing was not small. The most striking change was probably the gradual formation of the business circle. The investment of other ethnic merchants in Tusexing is also increasing.

The air track that Tuse Star can cover the entire planet has begun to work. At present, part of the central city has been completed. Tuse Star clearly expressed its attitude of opening to the outside world. This incident caused a very hot discussion on the Internet.

[o (Aza Galaxy): There are more flights on our planet that can go to Tussex. I almost thought it was my own mistake, and I repeatedly confirmed it several times. 】

[--(Gailon Galaxy): Can you go? I have a flight to Tusexing in my airport here. I am actually interested...]

[ja (Shiva Galaxy): I heard that the Zerg has opened the Tuse Star to the outside world. If I go to obey the law, I think there should be no problem. 】

[--(Nortz Galaxy): Who would dare to mess up on the Zerg planet, it is not too long. I bought the ticket for the morning after tomorrow. Did someone go with me? 】

Gu Huai was sitting on the tail of Yalves and was taken to see the recent changes of Tuse Star. At the same time, he also opened the paradox of the personal terminal to browse the star network. It is not difficult to see that the Zerba’s external image is now more There have been big changes.

In the recent period, the Zerg also received the public thanks from the leaders of the Fields, saying that the Zerg had saved them a tragic tragedy, which prevented the tragic incident from happening and gave them a chance to solve the problem. Internal contradictions.

If their suppression of the rebels is a form of violence and is resolved by bloodshed, the governors of the Fields believe that the contradictions within their races will not be reconcilable.

Gu Huai’s solution gave them a turning point that was almost impossible to own, so the current Fields instructor’s gratitude to the Zerg is sincere.

Closing the personal terminal, Gu Huai is thinking, there should be many guests of different races on the map.

Gu Huai’s idea did not go wrong, but what he did not expect was that there would be a very special person among these guests.

The other is a young researcher named Aaron Phoenix.

Nor is it unknown. Aaron is considered a geek in the entire field of scientific research in StarCraft, and after Gavin defected from the Star Alliance headquarters, he became the current research team leader of Star Alliance.

But these are not places where Aaron feels that Gu Huai feels special. The only special thing is that Gu Huai just learned that Aaron is the pursuer of Kapaliya and has been pursuing five years. This year is the sixth year.

Gu Huai only knows this information. When the details are still unclear, Aaron will meet with Gu Huai as an excuse to request exchanges as the current leader of the research team of Xingmeng.

"Is Kapaliya not there?" Aaron apparently showed a disappointment when he looked around the hall without seeing the person he wanted to see.

Generally speaking, it will be there. Gu Huai thought that Kapalia seemed to be interested in avoiding the other party’s actions and honestly replied: "She may not want to see you."

But Aaron’s answer was beyond Gu Huai’s expectation. He waved the disappointing expression just now and nodded in a normal position: “I think so too.”

"Then can you let me see her? If you are leaving you, you should be able to do it?" Aaron planned to save the country.

But Gu Huai responded: "It depends on Kapaliya's own wishes."

Aaron scratched his head and thought about what he could do with his chips. In the end, he said: "So... all the information of the Xingmeng Headquarters research group, including confidential documents, I can copy one copy to you, myself. You can also jump over to your side, what do you think?"

This is all the most valuable things he can take out.

Gu Huai heard the words, he first understood the extent of Aaron’s pursuit of Kapalia, and then had to suspect one thing -

Is there any problem with the vision of Star Alliance looking for a research team leader? ?

One smashed the big scorpion to defect, and one now told him on the spot that he could change jobs. If he is a high-ranking star, he must be mad at the scene.



Chapter 65

Speaking of his reputation in the field of scientific research, Aaron and Gavin, the former research team leader who defected from the Star Alliance, are very different types.

Gavin is known as a genius, and his reputation before the defection is very decent, and although Aaron has the ability to not lose to each other, the outside wind has always been said to be a geek.

This is not only because Aaron's research thinking is always different from ordinary people, and the degree of thought jumping is unimaginable. A large part of the reason is because the other person's personality is uncommon.

For most people, it is extremely difficult to get along with, the poison tongue is even, and there are many demands. The most tormenting others is obsessive-compulsive disorder. For example, in the research room, you can't stand any irregularities. Even other researchers don't have a button to buckle.

However, Aaron is not this character when he is chasing Kapalia. It is probably like a puppy. He has been chasing after catching the target.

Although he hasn't caught up for many years, Aaron doesn't look discouraged.

"Study materials and confidential documents of the Star Alliance research department, if you give them to others, do you know what will happen?" Gu Huai did not answer good or bad, but asked this question.

Aaron nodded and said objectively: "If you find it, you will be held accountable by the Star Alliance without any accident."

After the announcement, Aaron said: "But the premise is that the Star Alliance can find evidence that things are what I did."

This is a violation of the rules, but Aaron’s character would not have adhered to the established rules. As long as he can achieve his own purposes, violating some rules will only be taken for granted.

But in this respect, Aaron thinks that he is still much better than Gavin. At least he is not anti-social personality. He has his own bottom line. Things involving the bottom line will not touch.

Gu Huai heard that Aaron’s ability was roughly measured, but he shook his head and refused: “No.”

Gu Huai is not very interested in the research materials and confidential documents of the Star Alliance research department, and even if they are interested, they do not intend to obtain it in this way.

Aaron changed the subject: "Are you the soldiers who received the gray tower before? The gray tower soldiers are forced to accept the genetic fusion. Maybe you don't know, although the genetic fusion greatly enhances these gray towers. The combat ability of the soldiers, but not completely negative."

This topic immediately aroused the attention of Gu Huai. I thought of the gray tower soldiers who were building their homes in Ai Weixing. Gu Huai immediately looked up to the other side: "What kind of negative effect?"

Aaron replied: "Their life expectancy will be very short. The gray tower soldiers who have undergone genetic modification should live up to ten years."

The fusion of genes is not a normal thing. It is a taboo against common sense, and of course it costs a price.

“I analyzed this experiment in Gavin and came to the conclusion that these gray tower soldiers would not look any strange before the arrival of the physical limit, but in the end they will suddenly have symptoms of life failure, in a very short time. Death in time. If you don't believe it, I can send a copy of my research analysis report to you so that you can see it yourself or find someone else to identify it."

ten years.

When Gu Huai heard this number, there was a moment. He remembered that Gavin’s defection from the Star Alliance headquarters was a matter of several years ago. The gray tower soldiers were less than ten years old and then lost in the past few years. number.

A few days ago, Gu Huai had just received a communication from the Grey Tower soldiers who lived on Ai Weixing, which was accurately issued by Colin, and then a circle of gray tower soldiers were in front of the communication image.

These gray tower soldiers are very happy to report on the progress of their planet construction, and then mention the fireworks.

"We made new fireworks, do you want to see it?" Colin asked carefully at the other end of the newsletter.

These gray tower soldiers also remembered that Gu Huai said that the fireworks looked good. During the time when Gu Huai went back to the shape of the cubs, the gray tower soldiers who built the planet in Ai Weixing built new homes while building new homes. .

When the new fireworks were formed, the shape was similar to that of the Guhuai cub, but the Grey Tower soldiers had not been satisfied with the shape of the bloom before, so they only came to Gu Huai after several modifications.

Although Gu Huai knows that the shape of the fireworks bloom will definitely be related to him, to tell the truth, Gu Huai couldn’t help but squint his eyes when he saw it, but seeing these gray tower soldiers so happy to give fireworks to When he looked at it, Gu Huai still replied in the newsletter that he wanted to see it.

Since being accepted by Gu Huai, the original gray tower soldiers who have not cared about themselves have found their meaning to continue living.

They have their own homes, and everything is starting to move in the right direction. Gu Huai thought it was like this, but now he thought it was broken by Aaron.

"Is there any solution?" Gu Huai frowned and looked at Aaron seriously.

Since Aaron took the initiative to mention this to him, Gu Huai believed that the other party should be prepared. Regarding the things related to the gray tower soldiers, Gu Huai can't care as much as I did just now.

“Yes.” Aaron immediately said with affirmation, “You can maintain the stability of their fusion gene through special medicines. If you insist on injection every day, the body limits will not come so easily. The life of these gray tower soldiers can be extended to ordinary The level of people is almost the same. I have already researched this kind of medicine, but within ten minutes after the injection, they may feel more severe pain."

Gu Huai heard a word and said softly: "I still insist on my previous statement. The matter about Kapaliya depends on her own wishes. But the medicine you said is really important to me. You can make any other conditions, as long as it is not the kind that can't be done, I can promise you."

But Gu Huai said that Aaron, who was sitting in front of him, smiled at him and said: "No conditions are required. I just used the job-hopping as a bargaining chip, but in fact, I want to quit, I have to say the conditions. You accept my job-hopping is a condition."

Although Aaron is not a human being, he is a Nehint. The symbol of race is that there are two tentacles like butterflies on the head, but he has lived on Earth for a long time because of research needs.

Near the water tower, the first month of the moon, he learned while living in the earth, in addition to learning a lot of things from humans.

When Gu Huai heard this, he also knew Aaron’s intentions. He erased a bitter tear for Star Alliance in advance, and then he did not hesitate to accept the corner that he took the initiative to bring him to him: “Yes.”

Waiting for everything to be determined, Gu Huai hesitated how he would say this thing to the Grey Tower soldiers living in Ai Weixing. Although things can be solved, this is not a good thing as a whole. .

In the end, I could only tell the truth, and then Gu Huai saw the reaction of these gray tower soldiers in the video communication.

"Even if there are only a few years of life left, we are already very satisfied." Colin looked at the gray tower soldiers around him and told them about their unanimous thoughts through communication. "Because we have you now." And the home you gave us."

These two things are the most important things for these gray tower soldiers.

"And the injection of medicine can live as long as the average person, then this is nothing, it is a happy thing for us." Colin added.

The good news is that they will have more opportunities to see Gu Huai.

As for the painful and intense pain in the ten minutes after the injection of the drug, it is almost impossible for the gray tower soldiers. Before this, they have endured a hundred times more pain than this.

It was a mental pain. Before they were accepted by Gu Huai, these gray tower soldiers felt that they were in **** every minute before they had a place to live.

After talking with the gray tower, Gu Huai went to see Kapaliya. He told Aaron that he had jumped from the Star Alliance to the figure.

"That's it, he will stay in Tuse Star afterwards, and you may not be able to avoid meeting later." Gu Huai blinked at Kapalia.

Kapelia's face was still frosty, and the left hand of the sharp knife shape moved slightly, making people unable to see emotions.

As the head of the second army of the Zerg, and still from the Tak zerg, Kapelia's cold face can already make others feel fear. No one in the entire interstellar will be despised because she is a woman. Her fighting ability.

In the face of Gu Huai, Kapaliya's facial expression will be slightly softer.

Although Kapaliya did not express his position, Gu Huai felt a little vague about Kapaliya's attitude from what he had learned.

Speaking of the relationship between Aaron and Kapaliya, Gu Huai knew about it. About five years ago, Aaron was indirectly rescued by Kapaliya once. After that, I will tirelessly chase after Capalia.

"Luna should not hate him." Gu Huai called the nickname he had given to Kapalia before, and said this sentence is closer to the statement.

Mainly Gu Huai felt that if Capalia was impatient and Aaron chased her, five years later, with the character of Kapaliya, Aaron should have been cut off by Capalia with a left-handed knife. ......

"I don't know." Capalia was cold-faced. She wouldn't lie to Gu Huai, she was simply unclear.

Since Aaron wants to look forward to being in Tuse Star, his meeting with Kapaliya is indeed inevitable as Gu Huai said.

In view of Gu Huai’s actions from Aaron’s affirmation of the other’s efforts in pursuit and the difficulty of the other’s pursuit, I can’t help but say: “You may still have a lot of difficulties to face.”

Aaron responded: "It doesn't matter, I am ready."

Gu Huai is a bit curious: "What preparation?"

Aaron didn't answer immediately, but turned his head and asked Kapaliya: "If I fell into the water with my Majesty, who would you save first?"

Questioning classic deaths in human society, this is what Aaron learned during his life on Earth.

Kapalia is frosty: "Your Majesty."

This is a question that does not require thinking.

Aaron turned his head back and looked at Gu Huai: "It is this psychological preparation."

Gu Huai was silent without a word: "..."

Then your consciousness is quite high.


Chapter 66

Aaron’s move from the Star Alliance headquarters to the Zerg side, let the top members of the Star Alliance sigh in the chest and almost fainted.

It is easy for them to find a person as the leader of the research team. The leader of the previous research team gave them a blind scorpion and almost lost the Star Alliance headquarters. This is also very good. As far as they know, it is not the Zerg who is going to dig the wall, but Aaron himself has to go, they can't pull it.

There are only four words when it comes to reasons, because of love.

This matter did not know which Star Alliance personnel passed to the Star Network, and it was very widely spread. Gu Huai did not intend to see it when he browsed the Star Network with his personal terminal. The first reaction was to laugh.

Aaron is really a white talent resource for the Zerg. Star Alliance does not want to let people go, but the Aaron people are already in the map of Thur, or they voluntarily come over, the Star Alliance can't rob people with the Zerg in this situation.

The agent that stabilized the fusion gene was made in the first week of Aaron's official entry into Tusser. The batch of drugs was transported to Ai Weixing by a Yula warship. After confirming the delivery, Gu Huai finally put aside some of his concerns about the gray tower soldiers.

With the addition of Aaron, the development speed of the Zerg side is also improving. The original research team of Tusex is now headed by Aaron and is committed to the further rise of Tucci Technology.

Soil science experts who had previously recruited from other ethnic groups also formed a research team and began research work on Tussex soil.

The Zerg know that Gu Huai likes flowers, so all the Zerg on the Thur Star have a high degree of enthusiasm for the soil improvement plan of Tuse Star. For this reason, many Zerg have studied soil science independently, and they have joined this In the research team.

Tuse Star is now the only capital star of the Zerg, and their king likes flowers, so they must let Thur Stars spread all the flowers.

When Yalves confessed to the Chief of Staff that the Earth's soil improvement plan was made public, the Zerg looked at the content of the plan and suddenly remembered that they still owe a gift to Gu Huai.

A late birth gift.

The origin of the Zerg is a cold and dark place. There is only a cold winter on the planet. There is no other season and no light is visible.

There is nothing beautiful about this planet, and it is more barren than the abandoned planet. The cognition of this cold and darkness is inherited from the instinct consciousness of each Zerg, and the nature of the Zerg lack of emotion has a certain relationship with this.

The existence of Gu Huai is like a beautiful star on the dark planet that shares its own light.

Humans refer to the star that shines on the earth as the "sun," and in the eyes of all Zerg, the existence of Gu Huai is much more dazzling and warmer than the sun.

The king is their precious treasure, so the Zerg feel that for the birth of Gu Huai, they should prepare a gift that fully expresses their wishes.

Before the birth of Gu Huai, there was always a feeling of vacancy that could not be described in detail in the Zerg, who lacked emotions. They seemed to lack something, but they did not know what it was.

The strong sense of vacancy created the nature of plunder, but the plunder could not fill the vacancy until Gu Huai was born. When they saw Gu Huai, this vacancy disappeared.

Yalves's feelings in this respect are similar to but different from those of the general Zerg. His inner gap is much larger than other Zerg, and there is a gap of multiples.

This degree of inner gap makes Yalves feel unbearable irritability all the time, and has a destructive desire for any tangible thing. For this reason, he even needs to suppress it by throwing away his vision. The temper.

Only Gu Huai appeared in the line of sight, and Yalves was able to see the world calmly, no longer needing to cover his eyes with black eyes.

It is very difficult to prepare this birth gift. The soil problem of Tuse Star is also prominent in the entire interstellar space. Only the most tenacious Tambo tree can survive on the Tuse star. It is obviously not easy to improve the soil to the extent that it can grow flowers.

It takes quite a while, but the Zerg on the Thurs are still very enthusiastic about it.

Also because this birth gift is not so ready to be prepared, they gave Gu Huai another gift this year.

During the period of steady development of Tuse Star, the autumn came to the winter, and the planet finally ushered in the winter. Gu Huai received a gift from his Zerg in this season.

The Zerg’s Zerg had a rare initiative to take Gu Huai out, and Gu Huai was amazed when he heard the Chief of Staff say this to him.

You know, the Zerg on the Thur Star will show his eyes every time he goes out, and he doesn't want him to go far.

“Where are you going?” Gu Huai asked curiously.

The chief of staff who had just come to Gu Huai to mention this did not speak for a moment, and pushed the glasses in the silent voice.

The Zerg should answer all the questions about Gu Huai, but Gu Huai did not hear the answer this time.

And Gu Huai is very cooperative, he thought about it: "I can't let me know now."

Gu Huai finished with a statement, and then waited for the Chief of Staff to answer. He raised his eyes and asked, "When are we going out?"

"Tomorrow." The Chief of Staff responded very quickly.

The Zerg is as efficient as ever.

Gu Huai did not ask anything more, nodded and said he knew: "Good."

On the second day, Gu Huai sat on the tail of Yalves and was carried by a yala battleship.

Since lighting up the skills of Arvis carrying people with his tail, Gu Huai feels that he is getting lazy and he doesn't want to go anywhere.

In addition to the tail of Yalves, the Tuckers who care for Gu Huai also like to let Gu Huai sit on their shoulders when they go out, so Gu Huai has fewer opportunities to walk.

After a few days, the Yula warship and other Eurasian warships as frigates stopped sailing and they landed on a planet.

Gu Huai did not know where the destination was, and looked out from the open battleship door. Gu Huai saw a strange scene.

The planet looks still relatively backward, because even the airport is not there. Gu Huai looked out and saw many buildings in the distance like buildings that had just been built.

But in this strange scene, Gu Huai looked at it, and suddenly there was a sense of familiarity here.

"Here is... the abandoned planet I have been to?" This discovery made Gu Huai subconsciously squinted.

Arvis, who was walking next to him, gave him a quick response: "Well."

Hearing affirmative answer, Gu Huai could not help but make his eyes slightly enlarged, and his face had a clear expression of surprise.

The change of this planet is too big, so that Gu Huai can't recognize it when he first looks at it.

Originally, the ground full of sand and stone has become a normal road. There are many green plants on the roadside, and there are many strange buildings on the planet that have not been seen by Gu Huai. It seems to have the prototype of the town.

The planet now does not look like an abandoned planet at all, at most a normal planet a little behind, and this backwardness is still growing at a rapid rate.

"This is the birthday present we gave you, I don't know if you like it or not...", representing all the Zerg, after the Chief of Staff finished this sentence, he carefully watched Gu Huai.

This birthday present actually has their own selfishness. The Zerg people have been unable to accept that Gu Huai was born on a discarded planet, so after Yalves took Gu Huai back to Tuse Star, Tussell After deliberation, the top executives drafted a plan for the renovation of this abandoned planet and began implementation soon.

The abandoned planet has no development value, but the Zerg wants their planet to be born a beautiful and beautiful place, which is the greatest value of their transformation of the planet.

After hearing the inquiry from the chief of staff, Gu Huai gave a positive response in less than a second: "like it."

Of course I like it.

Knowing that it is not easy to transform an abandoned planet, Gu Huai was touched in the moment of discovery.

As soon as I heard Gu Huai say, the Zerg soldiers who sneaked their ears around and waited for him to answer were happy at once.

Because the progress of this abandoned planet is limited, it doesn't look very good at present. Before sending this gift to Gu Huai, these Zerg soldiers have been very embarrassed. They worry that Gu Huai will not like this gift.

Now that I heard that Gu Huai likes it, they finally let go of their hearts.

Yalves first swept around and then said to Gu Huai with his usual cold voice: "The progress of the current transformation of the planet is not very good, and it will be better than now to wait a little longer."

"This is also very good now." Gu Huai said seriously.

Compared to this planet, it is better to look at it. Gu Huai values ​​the feelings that the Zerg people he feels from this gift.

"I like it very much." Gu Huai repeatedly emphasized his love for the gift to the surrounding Zerg.

So the eyes of the Zerg in the field were easily lightened.

Hearing that it was a birthday present, Gu Huai discovered that he had spent a season in Tuse Star.

The long winter of Tussex has come again. Compared with the previous winter, Gu Huai basically has no chance to feel the cold in this winter.

Because a big cat is too sticky to him, now that Gu Huai stays with Yalves, he is easily held by Arvis.

Although the Zerg's body temperature is not warm, but Gu Huai is so hugged by Arvis, the other party will still drive away the cold around his body.

When Gu Huai felt cold, Arvis could trace back to the fluffy cub form to give him a hand warmer.

In addition to smashing him at night, the big cat is obedient.

A season has passed, and something that is very important to all Zerg is coming again -

The eleventh StarCraft's cutest creature selection is about to begin.

In the week before the start of the selection, Tuse Star and the Zerg on other planets have already put on a serious attitude.

The first place in the last selection was their king. The first place this year must also be their king. This result must not allow any mistakes.

The king is the cutest creature in the interstellar, it is impossible to be more lovely than their king, and all Zerg believe in this.

In the same way, the last year, because I felt that I could get the first place casually, the Paige fans who had turned over the car had enough strength before the election this year, and they were preparing to lose the first place that they accidentally lost last year. Take back.

This time is different from the last time. Last time they were unorganized voting. Not all Paqi fans will pay attention to this selection activity, so voting basically depends on some fans and passers-by, but this time they are prepared. Come here.

Speaking of the most cute creatures in the interstellar, it must be Pach, they can't admit that their king is the first because the Zerg is very strong.

The last time the Zerg four regiments voted together, they really did not expect the Zerg to participate in this selection, they will lose if they are unprepared. This time they are fully prepared and will not miss this first place.

Speaking of it, the last time the Zerg made their king's voting options, even their holographic images or photos were not uploaded, and they took the first place with a name.

In order to make the selection fairer this year, the number of votes for passers-by, Parker fans think they have to propose to the association, all the creatures involved in the selection must have a holographic image or photo to enter the option.

This proposal was adopted by the association under the joint request of many Paige enthusiasts, and the Zerg quickly learned about it.

image.

They have so many images of their own kings, each one is so cute, which makes them choose -

In the absence of Gu Huai's knowledge, the top executives of Tusestar also opened a meeting in the military department meeting room. The content of the meeting was related to the selection of images for this selection.

"Hey."

"Hey!"

The holographic images that were unfolding on the long tables of the conference room were playing, and the Zerg sitting on both sides of the long table turned their backs and tried to breathe as the images were played.

No, the king of the cub form is so cute...

They feel that they are going to faint.

"On this paragraph, the clip was uploaded in ten seconds." The chief of staff barely held the table and said.

Gu Huai knew nothing about this matter until the day when the selection really began.

At the beginning of the selection, due to the changes in the rules of this selection, images or photos must be uploaded. Many people in the Stars are thinking that the Zerg will not set their king as an option this year.

If the Zerg also participated this year, they can see what the Zerg king looks like.

Even the Paige fans have the same curiosity, they want to know what the king of the Zerg, who took the first place from Paige last year, looks like.

With the same idea, passers-by and Pach fans have successively clicked on the image link next to the name "Gu Huai".

As soon as the holographic image was opened, they saw a black cub with a glass ball that was round and golden. The cub was fluffy with a pair of extremely small horns on the head and a small plush behind it. tail.

Then the black cubs walked over to the round golden cocks, the closer they got closer.

"Hey."

The cubs made a soft call.

Passers-by, Pach fans: "..."

They are collectively stunned.


Chapter 67

The Zerg can be said to be fierce in the entire interstellar, and the cruel and fierceness of the race has been deeply imprinted in the memory of the vast number of interstellar people.

Since the Zerg has been a closed state of communication with other races before, most of them do not know what the Zerg was in the early childhood.

And even if they want to break their heads, it is impossible to imagine that the Zerg would be like a fluffy little animal in the early childhood.

First of all, this contrast is too strong. Secondly, at the glance of the black baboon's round golden plaque and the small horn on the head, people who clicked on the image link couldn't help but widen their eyes. .

And when the soft, black cubs made a snoring, they suddenly became bad.

Especially for some of the Paige fans, after watching this short ten-second hologram, they showed a similar reaction to the Zerg in a short time -

Suddenly breathing difficulties, the brain seems to lack oxygen in an instant, just feel like fainting.

How do they feel that the Zerg king seems to be a little more cute than Pach...? ?

The idea was uncontrollably emanating in the heart of some of the Paige enthusiasts, letting them sway their heads.

No, they can't waver, they are unwavering hackers.

Even if this is the case, after the holographic video playback is over, some of the Pach fans are staring at the image link on the webpage, but the hand can't help but   the link again.

As the image plays, the round black cub reappears, still swaying like a glass ball, and then the sound appears soon.

"Hey."

The pause in the middle for a while.

"Hey."

Repeatedly once, I couldn't stop, and I went to the video link several times without knowing it. This part of the Pachi fan has already entered the state of indulging in this holographic image.

The two-week "Eleventh Star Trek's Cutest Creatures" selection has just begun. The leaders responsible for organizing the scattered Parchi fans in the interstellar are voting for each group, but they don't know them. A very serious problem is emerging inside the fan organization.

On the other hand, the Zerg side, although the Zerg is only facing this selection for the second time, the first time they rely on many people, there is no experience in voting, but the Zerg of the four legions selected this time. In the event, the voting was still carried out in a well-organized manner.

Regarding the discipline of the army, the Zerg army is no match for the entire interstellar, and the Zerg of the current four legions are voting at this level of discipline.

The Archie fans in the interstellar are scattered in various races. They have not been organized in previous selections and only voted spontaneously.

They became organized actions in this election, which made the Zerg no longer have a number advantage in voting.

The addition of the Zerg of the four legions is indeed terrifying, but after all, it is only a race, and it will become a disadvantaged party compared to the number of Pach fans in so many races in the interstellar.

However, the Zerg voted not only by themselves this year, but before the official start of the selection, they notified all the league races.

According to the last special addition to the previously signed friendly allies, the Zerg’s allied race must vote for their king in the selection.

With so many league races, the Zigzag gap in the number of voters has suddenly pulled back.

On the first day of the selection, the votes of the first and second players quickly opened the gap with other contestants.

When the average number of votes of other contestants was only a few million, Gu Huai and Pach’s respective votes had already exceeded 100 million units.

And the current ranking is like this -

First place: Gu Huai

Second place: Pach

......

......

At this time, at the Paige fans, the organizers who thought they were mature and prepared well were not convinced of this result.

This is impossible.

It is impossible for the number of the four corps of the Zerg to add such votes. Even if the number of votes of a passerby who voted casually is added, it is very difficult to have this result.

Moreover, not only the Zerg's votes are not quite right, but the votes they get here are not quite right.

The number of mobilized Paqi fans, the leader of the organization has a clear record, and the number of people he has organized, their current votes are obviously much less than expected.

Where did the lesser part go, and the leader did not understand why he had to open the group chat news within the organization and send information to the heads of the various groups.

[Are you sure that the team members have voted, and they have not started voting so that they can keep up. 】

But after his message was sent out, it was almost sloppy, and the number of groups that replied to him was less than half, which made the leader full of question marks.

There was a problem within their organization and the leader finally realized this.

The Paige fans who had not consciously indulged in repeating the holographic image before were deeply hesitant in the face of voting.

They are lovers of Pach.

Thinking about it, at this time they suddenly had another voice in their hearts:

- But the king of the Zerg is so cute.

No, they are unwavering Pach fans.

- But the king of the Zerg is really cute.

Extremely struggling, in this struggling mood, this part of the Pucci fans couldn't help but open the holographic image and take a look.

"Hey."

"Hey."

No.

A look of hard to remove the line of sight from this holographic image, these Pudge fans opened the voting page with a thief-like gesture, and then sneaked a tick on the "Gu Huai" option, and then quickly overshadowed The button for confirming the vote under the extreme speed of the ear.

After doing this, these Paige fans watched the group chat inside their organization and couldn't help but feel guilty.

Once this was done, these Pudge fans couldn’t stop.

Under the name of "Pacchi fans", they sneaked to Gu Huai every day with the number of votes refreshed. At the beginning, they were still guilty. Later, they joined the Zerg camp completely.

The leader saw that the gap between the votes was not large, and they thought that they still had a chance to turn over. Although the situation is a little different from what he expected, it will be fine if the latter passers-by.

But when the road people really started voting. The number of votes that suddenly rose in Gu Huai’s side made the Pach fans who had not taken the initiative to see the holographic image look like a slap.

What is going on here, can the Zerg’s king’s passer-by be better than Pach? ?

Just this morning, the holographic image was passed on to the star network.

[d7112 (Esso Galaxy): Ah, ah, I want to know all the little cute information in one minute! ! 】

[—(Wakan Galaxy): I am dead, is this a new species, what is it, too cute...! 】

[—(Nortz Galaxy): I am also dead, really cute. I heard my voice screaming. 】

[—(Gaya Galaxy): I don’t want to talk about secret words, I want to raise one. 】

The above is the speech of a pure passerby who does not know the truth, and the person who knows the real situation has sent such a dynamic on the star network.

[ven (Finan Galaxy): I think... you can't afford it, the eleventh StarCraft's cutest creatures to check out? 】

Someone said that the road people were quickly led to see the selection, and then they saw the familiar name in the first place of the selection.

- That is the name of the king of the Zerg.

Combined with the image link, people in all ethnic groups in the interstellar world can't speak at this time.

This seemingly round black cub, the voice is still so soft, is it the cub form of the Zerg king?

It is a bit difficult to digest the fact that the black cub in the hologram can be seen with a round golden plaque, and the cries of the cubs are heard. The passers-by can't help but vote.

That is indeed cuter than Pach...

This little horn, this little tail, this golden eye, and this squeak, so cute.

All of a sudden, the road people decided to cast their sacred votes.

The gap between the first and second places has widened in a few days, not only because passers-by voted, but also because more and more people in the Pudge fans have secretly defected.

Gu Huai almost did not know what happened this time. Until the day when the selection was coming to an end, he opened the Star Network and inadvertently browsed and saw the news related to this selection activity.

Gu Huai's eyelid jumped, and suddenly there was a bad feeling. He opened the official website of the event page, and he saw his name on the voting page.

And it is high in the first place.

Gu Huai squinted his eyes, he also saw the video link, clicked into it for ten seconds, Gu Huai did not look at this selection activity again.

This is not a public execution, and what is public punishment.

As soon as I thought that my images of the cubs in the cubs had been circulated in the interstellar, Gu Huai had no love.

The result of this selection was quickly settled. As a result, Gu Huai was undoubtedly the first to succeed in the two-time "Stars Most Lovely Bio-Selection" champion.

And Gu Huai's first place this time has no water, he is hard to live with a ten-fold gap than the crushed in the second place of Pach, taking the overwhelming number of votes to take the first.

Gu Huai: But I am not happy at all.

The Zerg is obviously very happy compared to Gu Huai’s feeling of extreme helplessness.

The king is the most lovely creature in the interstellar, and the Zerg is very persistent.

Although Gu Huai was very helpless, he would not show up when his family Zerg was happy. At this time, he saw Yalves, who was standing in the cold and standing next to him. Gu Huai suddenly wanted to seek comfort from this big cat.

"Yalvis." Gu Huai looked at each other.

Hearing the call of Gu Huai, Arvis should soon say that he was listening: "Well."

Yalves’s response was very low. Gu Huai thought about a way to let him escape from reality. He said, “Hold me.”

Yalves was silent, he took a step closer to Gu Huai, and then reached out and hugged Gu Huai into his arms.

Whether it is height or physique, compared with Yalves, Gu Huai's body looks slim and slender, so he is embraced by Yalves and will be occupied by the other person.

"Use the silver wing... wrap me up." Gu Huai's voice became a bit boring when he mentioned the silver wing, like a little blush because he suddenly remembered something.

Arvis obeyed the photo, he stretched out his silver wings, and wrapped the young and middle-aged youth in an opaque dark space with this huge silver-gray wings.

Although I don't know why Gu Huai asked for it, Yalves can detect Gu Huai's feelings and peace is slightly different.

In this dark space created by himself, Yalves instinctively bowed his head and gently kissed Gu Huai's cheek.

As long as he is not too slow, he can feel a kind of cherish and gentleness in this kiss, which is inconsistent with the icy expression of Yalves. This emotion is not even for him, but he cannot understand it. It was shown to Gu Huai.

Although Gu Huai was slow, but he was not slow to this point, suddenly his heartbeat was a little faster than he had just now. He buried his head on the shoulder of Yalves.

This big cat will comfort him.



Chapter 68 

As with the previous review, after the end of this year's StarCraft's cutest bio-competition, the surrounding businesses trembled to discuss the new surrounding with the Zerg.

This time, the surrounding design is also very well-determined. The merchants proposed the dolls in the form of Gu Huai’s cubs.

Waiting for a doll, that is the ratio of 1:1.

When they were holding this doll, wouldn’t it be like holding their own baby cub...

When I think of it, all the Zerg who heard this around them blink their eyes in an instant, and the chief of staff who is cold-faced to receive communications is raising his hands when he makes his habit of pushing glasses. Apparently shook a little.

Then Gu Huai inevitably experienced another eye attack from the Zerg. This time, Gu Huai gave up the resistance from the beginning. When he heard his own Zerg to tell him about the new surroundings, he soon flashed around the Zerg. The bright eyes gave a nod and agreed.

After so many public executions, Gu Huai felt that his mentality had been exercised enough and he is now quite strong.

After this selection, almost all Stars knew what Gu Huai looked like in the shape of the cub. What Gu Huai can't think of is that the overall image of the Zerg in the interstellar world will be easily reversed because of this incident.

[neo (Sangai Galaxy): The Zerg was so cute during the Cub period, this fluffy fan cried. 】

[—(Losema Galaxy): I want to see the larvae's cubs. I am inflated. I suddenly feel that I am not afraid of Zerg. Come and wake me up. 】

[—(Qiao Galaxy): I think that the Zerg was like a stuffed animal in the early childhood, and it was not so terrible when facing the adult Zerg. 】

[—(Nadawal Galaxy): In fact, think about it carefully. Since entering the new era, the Zerg has not taken the initiative to attack the planet of any race. It just does not communicate with other races... but during this time they are not Have you established diplomacy with a number of ethnic groups, and have also assisted the Star Alliance. 】

The reversal of the external image is less effortless than diplomacy and aid to other races. Gu Huai faced this result and was speechless for a long time.

It seems that his public execution is not meaningless. Gu Huai uses this idea to comfort himself.

Despite the two surrounding, the various ethnic groups in the interstellar still do not know the specific appearance of Gu Huai, because the two surrounding areas are q version of the villain, once a doll in the shape of a cub, they can only know that Gu Huai is Black hair looks black.

In fact, when I first learned that the Zerg was born, the people of every race in the entire Stars were full of quest for the king of the Zerg. They could hardly imagine that there would be one on the four terrible worms. The king at the top of the pyramid.

The ability to control the "Zion" of the entire Zerg is so horrible.

The Zerg has been active in the interstellar world this year, and people of all ethnic groups have heard two rumors during the active Zerg.

One is that the king of the Zerg is very human, and does not possess combat power. Therefore, the Zerg is very careful about his protection and does not allow any threatening creatures to approach their king.

But another rumor has said that the Zerg king is too strong and can only destroy a warship with mental power. This rumor is circulated from the Fields.

Both rumors have not yet been confirmed. Now that the Zerg’s external image is gradually approaching the friendly direction, there is finally a request from the media to provoke the Zerg side.

The inviter is one of the three major media in the interstellar, and the request is for an interview with Gu Huai.

If Gu Huai accepts this interview, it means that his true personal image will be published in the entire Star.

“How do you feel?” Gu Huai first asked the opinions of his Zerg, and added his own thoughts at the end. “I would like to accept this interview.”

Anyway, his image is open sooner or later. In the interstellar powerful race, each leader’s image must be open.

Gu Huai is thinking, since his image seems to have an effect on improving the cold and violent label on the Zerg, it is a bit more thorough.

At this time, the reaction of the four military leaders around Gu Huai was like this -

Kapaliya replied with a slight voice: "There is no opinion under the command."

Simodo still fully complies with the will of Gu Huai, and Gu Huai said everything is fine: "Hey, what do you want to do when you want to do it."

What Ai seems to be thinking of, the expression said quietly: "This is also good."

Yalves is more direct than the three people. He circled his tail to Gu Huai, and he responded with a cold voice.

The tail is surrounded by protection, and Gu Huai is not only protected by Yalves, he is in the core protection circle of the entire Zerg.

For the Zerg, they don't think that hiding important treasures is the best way to protect them. They want to show the treasures bright and bright, and let others not dare to touch them.

No race in the interstellar will want to bear the mad revenge of the Zerg.

Therefore, the Zerg is willing to let the entire Star know the existence of Gu Huai, and let everyone understand that Gu Huai represents the will of the entire Zerg.

After hearing the agreement, Gu Huai quickly asked the chief of staff to reply to the media for him and promised the interview.

The interview did not require Gu Huai to move to other places. Gu Huai Ken was interviewed. It was a big surprise for the media company. They immediately moved out of the whole team and went to Tuse Star.

Although it only took more than a year, with the joint efforts of Gu Huai and Zerg, the current Tuse Star has been very different from before.

At present, there are more than three kinds of cold and white gray and black buildings on the planet, and other warm colors. The construction of the business circle is aimed at the development of a high-level planet.

The number of other ethnic travelers to and from Tuse Star is increasing, and it is not uncommon to see people of other races in the trade zone of the city of Tusexing.

It is also because of this, the interviewers of the media companies dare to come and say.

If it is the former Zerg and Tuse Star, it is equal to finding the dead core of the Zerg, and they have not had such courage.

The interview was conducted in live broadcast. As one of the three major media in the interstellar, Silla also has the most popular live broadcast platform in the interstellar.

As they released the news that they would go to Thursey to interview Gu Huai, the highest number of online users of the Silla broadcast platform has skyrocketed nearly 100 times in the interview day, and the number is still rising.

Although it was an interview with Gu Huai, but as one of the rumors in StarCraft said, the Zerg is very careful about his protection, even if he is interviewing, he will not be alone.

When the interviewers of the Silla Company came to the appointed interview site, the residence of Yalves, they successfully met Gu Huai.

Gu Huai's attitude towards them is very mild, but this can't hold a group of expressionless Zerg standing around in a cold, ice-cold attitude, staring at them with a pair of erects, bringing great pressure.

There is no doubt that they will show a little threat to Gu Huai, even if they only show a little rudeness, these Zerg may directly attack.

At this time, the interviewers suddenly realized that the Zerg was not so aggressive in the external control of the king.

Gu Huai is the taboo of these Zerg. Once someone dares to touch it, the terrible beast that is slightly docile due to appeasement will instantly reveal their claws and sharp teeth. In order to protect Gu Huai, it will not be any intruder. Passionate.

Gu Huai noticed that these interviewers were stared at by a circle of Zerg as if they were a little nervous. He looked down at the silver-gray tail that seemed to be unwilling to remove him. He thought about it: "That Ya Ervis is sitting next to you, you should be able to rest assured."

Gu Huai said that the surrounding Zerg can of course understand the meaning of his expression. They turned their eyes back and looked at Gu Huai for a while before they barely accepted the distance.

These zergs have stepped out of the door or walked up the second floor, still standing in the place where they can come at any time.

The professional interview team quickly arranged everything, and when the time was set, the live broadcast of the interview officially began.

At this time, the news was heard in the live broadcast platform. Stars and people of all ethnic groups saw the holographic screen in front of them. A young man with dark-haired eyes appeared in front of them.

In terms of appearance, the youth looks very clear and beautiful, the black eyes are light and gentle, and there is a black hair that looks quite fluffy and soft, and there are several parts of the hair that are slightly obscured, but this also Make the other party look softer and harmless from the outside.

But this is the king of the Zerg.

Even after seeing the q version of the villain and the cubs of Gu Huai, for the majority of the Star People, they still did not think that Gu Huai did not seem to feel a bit cold in the adult form of adulthood.

Stars of hundreds of billions of people watching the live broadcast were stunned. They were a bit suspicious of their eyes, but when they were suspicious, the young black-haired youth who appeared on the holographic screen even smiled shallowly at the camera.

The star network exploded in an instant.

[kn (Sinuo Galaxy): I can't believe it...]

[--(Isos Galaxy): I don't believe it, the Zerg are not all cold, how their king looks like this... so gentle. 】

[--(Ganoor Galaxy): Is this the Zerg's armpit? Why does it look more like a human...]

[--(Wakkan galaxy): It is really like, I can guarantee that even if the people of the Earth Federation have come to see it, they will admit their mistakes. 】

In Gu Huai, I can't see any zerg characteristics. If Gu Huai is wearing a special iconic silver-gray tail, and the owner of the tail is sitting next to him, watching the live star of the Stars almost have to suspect that Silla is Not to earn platform popularity, even the means of fraud have come out.

The interview said in advance that it would not be a serious interview. The Silla side hopes to be in the form of an approximate chat conversation. Gu Huai agreed.

Among the ruthless Zerg, the Zerg king is not even more ruthless, but the easy-to-access warm and flexible grid, which makes the Star People who find this incredible.

This is not in line with common sense. In theory, the king of the Zerg should only be colder than the average Zerg.

Because the king is also affected by the nature of the race, and the king wants to rule the entire race, the king has more powerful ability and more indifferent character than other Zerg to conform to common sense.

Regarding the chat content in this interview, Silla’s interviewers will decide the topic according to the audience’s comments on the live broadcast platform, so the interviewer sitting opposite Gu Huai said at this time: “This is your first public announcement. The image, probably because your image has been very different from the outside world, everyone is very responsive now."

"What reaction?" Gu Huai asked randomly.

"Most people think that you don't like... cough...!" It may be a bit offensive to detect this sentence, and the interviewer suddenly stopped talking on a brake.

It is said that it is an interview in the form of chat, but the interviewer is afraid to let it go too far.

Although there is not a circle of Zerg around, but there is also a Yalves around Gu Huai, the tail of the other circle in Gu Huai is full of warnings to him.

"Isn't it like it." Gu Huai Wen Yan is very easy to reflect what the other party said is "not like", which is easy to associate.

The interviewer did not pick up the call for a while.

Gu Huai did not have any angry reaction, but smiled and said that he did not mind this topic.

Then, before the interviewer answered the words, Gu Huai closed his eyes for a short time like a blink of an eye, and then calmly opened: "Is this like a point?"

I can't wait to prevent it, and the interviewer sitting opposite is on a pair of eyes that are different from the previous one.

It is as warm as the sun-melting gold, like a golden golden erect.

For those who have these eyes, not only the interviewers are dumb, but even the hundreds of billions of interstellar people who are watching the live broadcast at this time are also caught by seeing these eyes.

If Gu Huai in the black state is mild and harmless, then Gu Huai, who showed the golden erects, suddenly changed greatly in the overall temperament.

Although it does not give people a sense of coldness, but this pair of golden erects seems to have an invisible pressure, the eyes are extremely difficult to see the extreme calm of the emotions, people dare not to look at it.

This is the gaze of the upper-level person. The owner of the eye seems to look down on them from a very high place. Those who are examined by this pair of golden erects will not even dare to move.

Under the eyes of these eyes, Silla’s interviewers did not know how to complete the interview. They left the figure star, and the golden erects of the sun-boiled are still in their minds. Lingering.

This is the same for the StarCraft people who watched the live broadcast.

Even though Gu Huai did not show his horror spirit in this interview, people who could see the golden erects through holographic images could not feel a slight sense of trepidation.

They are only seen through the image, the most primitive instinct of life tells them that the king of the Zerg is very powerful, he was born at the top of the pyramid of the Zerg.

When the interviewer left, Gu Huai still kept the golden status and did not change it. At this time, he suddenly felt that the silver-gray tail circled on him seemed to be tightened more tightly.

Gu Huai’s side looked at Yalves’s expression and seemed to be a bit different. The expression of the other side seemed to have been briefly seen when he first appeared in the golden erect feature.

"What's wrong, Yalves?" Gu Huai asked.

Yalves’s face was not consciously tight, and he shook his head at Gu Huai.

I don't want to say it, just something that suddenly appears in my mind, and Yalves is hard to capture.

Every time in Gu Huai's display of the golden plaque, Yalves's heart will have a more ambiguous consciousness, which makes him irritated.

It's like he has forgotten something very important, but Jarvis can't find all his memories.

Gu Huai was stared at by Arvis, and this kind of staring gaze was like fearing that he would disappear, so Gu Huai reached out to smash the silver hair of this big cat until the Asian The expression on Ervis's face was removed, allowing the other party to return to the same state of calmness in peacetime.

Yalves’s expression was normal, and Gu Huai was working accurately at this time, ready to change his eyes back to the usual state.

Gu Huai can switch his eye shape arbitrarily. In the state of golden erect, he will be more comfortable with his own power, but Gu Huai is still not fully skilled in this state.

Unskilled is only the time that affects the state maintenance. In theory, there will be no side effects, but when Gu Huai changed his eyes back to black, the blunt pain that came to the brain and his direct brain made his face pale. .

Breathing was also abrupt, and Gu Huai temporarily lost consciousness in this dull pain. He fell into the arms of Yalves.



Chapter 69 

Gu Huai’s sudden fall made Yalves’s erects appear to be in a state of austerity. His power of brilliance shrouded the entire mansion almost in an instant, and the limit continued to spread outwards. A whole area.

The nearly kilometer area centered on this private mansion was suddenly oppressed by a terrible invisible pressure, and only one word remained in all Zerg’s minds that felt the power of this power.

king--

This power of brilliance belongs to Yalves, but what kind of reason is that Yalves, who is accompanying Gu Huai, is making such a reaction in Tuse Star, which is supposed to be an absolutely safe area.

There is only one answer, Gu Huai is injured or something else has arisen.

The Zerg who felt the pressure of this battle did not even have to think. The initial protection of the king instinct told them that they must immediately rush to their king.

The first one to arrive in the hall was undoubtedly the other three heads of the army. They saw Gu Huai, who was slightly pale in the arms of Yalves, and immediately showed the same contraction reaction.

"Your Majesty." Capalia first wanted to get close, but when she was about to approach a meter distance, a silver-gray tail suddenly swayed, so fast that even afterimages were difficult to capture with visuals. Fall between the two sides.

The floor in the middle of the two sides was suddenly slammed into a large deep pit.

Compared with just a little tighter side face, it was quickly calmed down by Gu Huai. At this time, Yalves can be said that every nerve is tight.

The string that is pulled as far as possible is completely in a critical state, and even more tears will break.

Yalves's expression was cold, and the silver-gray tail behind him was raised to a certain height, but this was not the kind of reaction when he was happy, but a gesture of aggression.

There is no doubt that Yalves at this time refused to be close to anyone.

The release of power pressure is an instinctive reaction that Yalves made to protect Gu Huai, but he is very clear that from now until now, no enemy can be invaded around.

Because he has been around Gu Huai, no one can ignorantly cross his defense to hurt Gu Huai.

It is clear that Gu Huai’s loss of consciousness in his arms is a problem of his own body. At this time, Yalves is not consciously more emotional.

The same class of Zerg, Kapaliya and Ai and Simodo are not too much affected by the power of Yalves, but the sense of oppression is also there.

"Control your power, Yalves." Kapaliya's look is also frosty. "Your knees need to be examined immediately."

Because of concerns about Gu Huai, the left hand of Kapelia's sharp knife form has been stiff.

The Tak Zerg often enters a violent state in battle and is easily provoked, but Kapaliya has always been unaffected by the characteristics of this ethnic group. She will suppress anger under calm, because of some excessively strong emotions. And the stiff body is never going to happen.

Other Zerg who had been in the vicinity had also arrived, and they would be a little uncomfortable under the aggressive power of Arvis, but their worries about Gu Huai were more than a hundred times.

Yalves did not respond, but he withdrew the power of the released power in a blank expression, representing that he did not respond to Kapalia's words.

The chief of staff hurriedly launched his personal terminal: "The subordinate immediately asked the medical team to come."

Arvis circled the tail of his attacking stance to Gu Huai, and then slowly tightened to the extent that he just circled: "No, it is already on the road."

As early as the first time of the reaction, the medical team was called, and then Arvis was letting his state be pushed to the tipping point, but he still maintained relative rationality.

Yalves took Gu Huai to the bed of the room, the medical team arrived quickly, and a very detailed physical examination of Gu Huai under the gaze of the Zerg.

But the results are not so smooth.

"The physical condition of the armpit is normal, and the indicators are all healthy values..." The Zerg responsible for the inspection also groaned with concern. "We couldn't check the cause of the sudden fainting."

The results of the physical examination made the Zerg, who was already anxious enough, more worried. They were all nervous and watching the youth in the bed full of fear.

In particular, when they saw that Gu Huai’s face was slightly pale, as if he was experiencing some kind of pain, the inner part of the Zerg was more like being grilled.

"What should I do?" The seemingly fierce face of Simodo lacked a lot of fierce feelings in his worries and his voice was dull.

Ai originally had a very light golden erect eccentric as if it had become more illusory in a moment. He was probably the most calm one of all Zerg: "There will be nothing under my arm, we just have to wake up and awake." ”

In the farther future he saw, Gu Huai was good, so Ai could keep calm.

But this is not to say that he is not worried about Gu Huai. He is also worried, but he is more convinced than other Zerg.

Simodo immediately eagerly asked: "Have you seen it? But Ay, your foresight ability is not only foreseeing the future after a few seconds..."

This is also a well-known thing in the Zerg, and even in the entire Star.

Ai was quiet, and a few seconds later, he said, "I was very early... I had a dream of premonition before I really saw her knees."

Ai has never said this to anyone, so the heads of the army heard around him, including Yalves, have a slight expression.

"It’s related to His Majesty, it’s more distant than this, so I don’t think there will be anything wrong with this time.” Ai did not elaborate on what the content of the dream was, but just said his conclusion directly.

I heard that Ai said that the surrounding zergs had fixed their minds and put their hearts down a little.

Ai has occasionally made a premonition dream, and some of the zergs at the top also know.

The predictive power used in peacetime is different. Ai can see a farther future through dreams, and this future is certain.

As long as you know that this future Ai will not take the initiative to make any changes to the future, the future he foresaw will happen.

That is the scene that will surely come.

During the unconscious coma of Gu Huai, the Zerg was carefully cared for every minute, and the closest care was the Tucker worms who had been shrinking their scarlet eyes around the bed.

These large Tak worms keep their feet on the edge of the bed. They can't understand what they dream of. These Tak worms only know that the cubs they care for are sick and need their care.

Gu Huai’s coma in the past has been very irritating to these Tucker zergs. They are on the verge of being close to the fighting state, and they are also in a state of violent at any time. Because they want to protect the sick cubs, these Tucker worms instinctively Showing a threatening attitude.

Yalves was quietly beside him, his side looked very cold, but he moved his silver-gray tail to the front to gently lie on Gu Huai.

The entire Zerg was incited by the sudden coma of Gu Huai. The outsiders didn't know about it. If they knew it, most people might still be talking about it, but the people of Silla would be scared and then start. Uneasy.

The Zerg king suddenly fainted after accepting their interview. If the Zerg decided that this was related to the interviewers of their company, they would not be finished!

In this case, the Zerg may not necessarily reason with the Zerg to the strong degree of protection of their king.

Fortunately, I don’t know, all the staff of Silla Company can continue to work normally in this day.

Gu Huai was in a coma for nearly a day. In the process of losing consciousness, he was passively exposed to certain information as he first received the memory of inheritance.

It is about the world will and rules.

This is something that belongs to a higher dimension. Originally, Gu Huai should not be in contact, but the accident caused the particularity of his existence, so he received the "concern" of the two.

Accidental events refer to things that he has crossed into the world, and the particularity of existence means that his soul does not belong to this world, unlike any other person in the world.

However, it is only a very vague contact. Gu Huai can't understand more things. He will be affected by the will and rules of the world. Gu Huai does not know for the time being.

If the Zerg people consider that Gu Huai needs a quieter rest environment, every Zerg may want to stay in Gu Huai’s room for 24 hours.

Gu Huai’s consciousness gradually recovered after a period of time. At the moment when consciousness came back, Gu Huai opened his eyes very slowly. At first glance, he saw the Yalves and Tucker Zerg who were at his bedside.

"Hey..."

A pair of seemingly fierce and scary scarlet erects are like tiny lights. The Tuckers who care for the bed at Gu Huai immediately noticed the low sputum from the throat when they saw Gu Huai waking up. sound.

The cubs wake up after sleeping for so long, they must be very hungry.

The idea allowed a Tak zerg to move quickly to the side of the small dining car, extending the extension of its sharp forearm to clamp a dish holding the food, and then carefully handing the food into the front of Gu Huai.

The food on the small dining car is re-prepared at regular intervals. This is to allow Gu Huai to eat nutritious food at any time.

Gu Huai first took the dish and his face was still a little pale, but it was much better than before.

After doing this, Gu Huai calmly said to the Tucker who were staring at him closely around him: "I am fine."

The Tucker worms who heard Gu Huai’s voice re-issued a lower dumb snoring than before, and even if they did not possess language skills, the snoring of these Tak zergs would actually express their feelings.

There are many objects to be comforted. The most difficult thing to appease is the silver big cat next to it.

When Gu Huai woke up, he found that his body was gently draped with a silver-gray tail. This tail caught his body when he opened his eyes and sat up, but these were not the key points. The focus was on Gu Huai’s discovery. Arvis, who was at his bed, blinded his eyes with black straps.

It has been a long time since I saw that Arvis had used this black strap again, and Gu Huai realized the extent of his fainting influence on Yalves.

I don't know if the blunt pain before the coma is too strong. Gu Huai does not feel that there is still a little pain. It hurts even if he moves, but he still reaches out and gently touches the eyes of Yalves. The black strap that was covered.

Unlike the first time, Gu Huai first touched the black bandage of Yalves in the eyes when he first touched it. After getting the acquiescence of Yalves, Gu Huaicai Really started to unravel.

But this time, after Gu Huai came across, he directly extended his other hand and quickly untied and removed the black eye mask of Yalves.

Gu Huai took this black tie in his hand, and then he slid to the light golden sill of Upper Arvis.

These eyes are watching him, Gu Huai can easily see his reflection in the eyes of Yalves, and Gu Huai finds that the reflection of the other's eyes seems to have nothing but him.

Gu Huai actually felt from the very beginning that the light gold erects of Yalves were very beautiful, even if the light and coldness did not affect the good looks of these eyes.

And when you only look at one person seriously, the light golden gaze of the eyes will make it difficult to refuse.

"do not worry."

Enduring the body with a slight pain, Gu Huai approached the past and kissed Elvis carefully to his eyes.


Chapter 70

Being kissed by the eyes, the cold light of Arvis also seemed to sway gently.

Gu Huai noticed this matter, so he suddenly felt more clearly at this time...

Yalves is really obsessed with him.

It is not a common level of love, it is far more love than he can imagine.

Because of this, the heart of Yalves will be easily shaken by him.

Although more intimate things have been done, but when I saw the slight shaking of Yalves, Gu Huai was not a little blushing at the right time.

Gu Huai's pale face was so modified by this thin red, it looked a little better.

Yalves did not respond. He gently pressed Gu Huai, who was sitting up, to lie down on the bed: "Don't move."

Yalves' attention has always been on Gu Huai. Even though Gu Huai is patiently covering up, he also found that Gu Huai's body is still not very comfortable.

Gu Huai originally wanted to say that he was fine, but he received a silent gaze from the corner of Arvis, and he had to lie down.

Yalves called the medical team on standby in the house, and the other Zerg received the news that Gu Huai woke up and quickly arrived.

In the day of Gu Huai's coma, the Zerg on the Thur Star did not have any working status at all. Even if they stayed in their respective positions, their minds had already drifted to the worry about Gu Huai's physical condition.

In fact, it is not just the Zerg on the Thur Star. All the Zerg living on other planets are also the same reaction. The whole insect is like a wilting. What trade orders on the planet do not want to pick up.

On this day, the companies that asked the Zerg to ask the trade of the Black Kistler all came back to the wall and were the ones that blocked them in one sentence.

Companies are trying to connect with the Zig's black stone trade: "About the export of black stone on the planet..."

The Zerg, who is worried about his own king, does not want to think: "Do not sell."

The medical team entered the room of Gu Huai, and Gu Huai accepted another physical examination under the eyes of a group of Zerg.

"As with the results of the last inspection, the physical condition of your arm is healthy..." But looking at Gu Huai's apparent discomfort, the Zerg responsible for medical treatment could not say this in a certain tone.

Is it that their inspections are not detailed enough, and there are still some unchecked parts, so they did not find the reason for their own body discomfort...

The Zerg in the medical team blamed themselves. Gu Huai saw that they were all squinting, so Wen Sheng said: "It is not your problem."

Gu Huai felt that his sudden fainting was not a physical cause, so it is normal for the medical team not to check it out.

"I should have been a few days off." Gu Huai said.

Although Gu Huai said this, but did not see him all day, the Zerg is still nervous.

Gu Huai had a good rest for a few days, but in these few days, he found that his physical pain was still looming. I don't want to worry that so many Zerg people have been worried about it. Gu Huai persuaded the Zerg who had been caring for him in the house to rest.

When the room was empty, Gu Huai went out of bed and looked at his face in the mirror, sure that his face was quite normal, and he sighed out.

This face looks nothing, and it doesn't matter if I feel that my body hurts. Gu Huai feels that he can still ignore such a slight discomfort.

But just as Gu Huaigang relaxed a little, he suddenly saw his eyes turned into golden erects in the mirror.

This is not his active switch.

After the eyes turned into golden erect, Gu Huai looked at his own expression in the mirror as if he was a little indifferent, and he was close to the expressionless face.

Gu Huai is a bit strange to himself in the mirror.

When the golden eyes were exposed before, Gu Huai also felt a little change in his own mood. As if he had been affected, his mood would become extraordinarily calm.

This is the indifferent nature of the Zerg gene.

After Gu Huai completely completed the advancement of mental power, he truly awakened the power on the planet of the Fields. After the awakening, the Zerg gene in Gu Huai would be highlighted during his integration with this power.

It is in the period of integration, and the integration of Gu Huai and this power is not so easy. After all, this power is too large. There will be times when the integration process is not smooth, which is why Gu Huai suddenly fainted yesterday.

Gu Huai looked at the pair of golden erects in the mirror, blinked and tried to switch the color of the eyes back to the original state, but did not succeed.

Can't get back.

Realizing this, Gu Huai then tried harder and tried several times and still had the same result. In the end, he could only give up temporarily.

Can let himself be in this situation, Gu Huai's expression is not consciously more and more indifferent, his eyes gradually become unaffected, and become a state similar to the Zerg.

If it is to outsiders, they may not think that Gu Huai’s situation is abnormal and it will be normal.

Originally in the imagination of the people of the interstellar people, the Zerg as a whole is cold, and Gu Huai as the king of the Zerg should be more ruthless than the general Zerg, and the current state of Gu Huai is in line with their imagination.

But for the Zerg, it is completely different.

Obeying Gu Huai’s words, the zergs who went to rest each other actually only pretended to take a break, and more often turned around in the invisible position of Gu Huai.

They didn't want to reject Gu Huai's request, but they couldn't be assured, so they had this result.

When I felt that time was almost up, they couldn’t wait to enter the room.

Their own king's body is not comfortable, they must be guarded by the side.

In the days when Gu Huai was unwell, the Zerg’s care for him could not be described in any way. Even if he was eating this kind of thing, if Gu Huai repeatedly insisted that he could do it, he estimated that he would accept feeding service. .

When the chief of staff and several other high-ranking Tusser entered the room, they saw Gu Huai standing by the window, and they immediately rushed forward.

"Your Majesty...!" The Chief of Staff hurriedly walked over. "How do you stand here, the windows are still open... The weather outside is a bit cold for you, your body is not comfortable, you shouldn't be cold."

The chief of staff had thought that he would say that Gu Huai would soon go back to bed because it was like this in the past.

It is difficult for Gu Huai to deny the Zerg people’s concern for him. The Chief of Staff is aware of this.

Their king is very gentle to them, and this can be seen either from the fact that Gu Huai will respond to their concerns or often compromise their expectations.

But this time after the words of concern were spoken, the chief of staff received Gu Huai’s indifference: "Don’t take care of me."

Gu Huai’s answer gave the chief of staff a sigh of relief. At this time, the chief of staff also saw Gu Huai’s twinkling cold golden erect.

These eyes are very indifferent, and the clear and visible coldness is full of them, completely without the original softness.

This common discovery made the surrounding Zerg crowded and suddenly did not know what to do.

"I didn't allow you to look directly at me." The Zerg who did not move their sights to look at the Chief of Staff, Gu Huai only added a faceless expression.

Even after hearing the words of Gu Huai, the surrounding Zerg did not react at once, until they really understood the meaning of Gu Huai in their consciousness. These Zerg responded slowly and slowly lowered their sight. .

Wang used to... obviously allowed to let them watch...

I don't know why I didn't give it suddenly, but the Zerg in the room still did according to Gu Huai's request.

"Your Majesty, you still have to go back to bed and rest, the scenery outside can be seen at any time after you are in good health..." The Chief of Staff whispered.

The light of Gu Huai is not moved: "Go out."

Hearing the more indifferent words, the sights of the surrounding Zerg suddenly lifted up, and they looked at Gu Huai.

This kind of gaze makes Gu Huai's body suddenly a slight meal, this shake is very subtle, and ultimately can not influence Gu Huai's decision.

"Go out." Gu Huai repeated the words again.

The golden erects looked calm and waveless. The Zerg in the room looked at the youth's seemingly indifferent side face. Seeing the eye attack did not work, and had to obey the room.

The ruthless Gu Huai made these Zerg feel uneasy.

At the very beginning, when Gu Huai was gentle on them, the Zerg were unfamiliar with this very strange and rare gentleness in their race, but at the same time they felt very happy and happy.

This joy and happiness lasted for a long time. They have become accustomed to the gentle Gu Huai, so that now they face the indifference of Gu Huai, these Zerg feel low and sad.

When the door closed, the light of Gu Huai shook slightly. Even if the gene was highlighted, he could not completely be indifferent to the low and sad mood of the Zerg he perceived.

He should not do this and should not say these things.

Gu Huai heard another voice in his heart talking to him.



Chapter 71 

The expressions of the Zergs who left the room were almost tighter than ever. Although they were as expressionless as usual, the tension in the face seemed to reveal a low mood.

The king did not allow them to go into the room, refused to let them look around, and asked them to leave.

Wang still does not allow them to see him...

Gu Huai's indifference makes these Zerg feel a kind of emotion they have never been familiar with, just as they learned that Gu Huai was in the mood of an abandoned planet, and the whole heart was heavy.

Like the weight on the heart is pressing, making them feel very sad.

When I left the room, I didn't know where I was going. The Zerg, who was outside the door of the room, suddenly fell blank for a few seconds until the chief of staff said, "Go ahead and prepare for the evening."

The Chief of Staff said this, and several high-ranking Tusser high-ranking people came back.

Yes, my family’s nutritious meal tonight is not ready yet... Wang is uncomfortable, and they have to spend more time thinking about food.

Wang should be indifferent to them because they are uncomfortable. They prepare nutritious food and let their king's body get better soon. Wang will laugh at them as before.

Arvis, who was also persuaded to rest, returned to the mansion after more than an hour. He clearly went to Gu Huai’s room.

In the room, Gu Huai is still standing by the window, although it is facing the window, but in his eyes does not seem to really reflect the scene outside the window.

The temperature of the golden mullion is unusually low and cold. The ochre of these eyes is originally bright and warm like the sun, giving people an overly bright feeling, but now the sun is as calm and waveless as the pool water, obviously bright colors. But there is also a sense of coldness.

When Yalves looked at him from a distance, he noticed that Gu Huai had turned into Jin Hao's eyes, but he still approached the idea and pace at the beginning.

"Flower." Yalves took the flower branch lightly and handed the flower in his hand to Gu Huai.

Because the flowers placed on the window sill of Gu Huai room were about to wither, Yalves was persuaded to leave the room and went to the next star of the galaxy to pick up new flowers.

The same move, Yalves has done this many times before, this can be regarded as the default agreement between him and Gu Huai.

In general, all that Elvis has picked up is the Eleanor flower, except when Gu Huai has a special designation for flowers.

"You said that you want to be yellow. I only saw this in Nom Star." Yalves looked at Gu Huai and waited for Gu Huai to take the flower.

The flower in the hand of Arvis is very small, and the shape of the flower looks a bit like the shape of a butterfly. This is a flower called Phila.

However, in the few seconds that Yalves had handed the flowers to Gu Huai, Gu Huai moved his eyes to the flower, but did not show any intention to take the flower.

Gu Huai took a moment to take his eyes back, and Jarvis could feel Gu Huai’s indifference to him. The silver-gray tail behind him was unconsciously falling down.

Jarvis continued to maintain a position of hand-painting, and determined that Gu Huai did not want the flowers he sent, and Yalves hangs down.

Arvis went to look at the glass on the window sill that was inserted with a flower and walked forward without a word.

Learning from the previous practice of Gu Huai, Yalves took the old flowers that were about to wither away from the glass, cleaned the cup and changed the water, he inserted the newly picked flowers into the glass.

After completing this series of actions, Yalves regained his gaze to Gu Huai's state. He did not know why Gu Huai suddenly became indifferent to him. Instinct allowed Yalves to choose to extend his tail to Gu Huai.

Yalves wants to circle Gu Huai with his tail.

"Don't touch me." When he noticed the intention of the silver-gray tail, Gu Huai frowned and opened his mouth.

It’s just that the words are blocked. Gu Huai clearly expresses his rejection. His voice and tone are enough to stop Yalves from moving.

When this was finished, Gu Huai could see that the silver-gray tail stopped approaching, but at the same time saw that Arvis smirked at him.

The silver-gray tail that was rejected was lowered as if it had been hit. Gu Huai was silently watched by Arvis, and suddenly he saw a silver-haired cat who was wronged.

Gu Huai’s indifference to the golden eagle flashed a bit, and the light did not consciously move slightly. At this time, he chose to remove his gaze.

Gu Huai’s performance is a complete indifference, which has never been seen by all Zerg, including Yalves.

"Go out." Gu Huai said the same as before.

After that, I added a sentence: "There is no particularly important thing in the future, don't enter my room."

If it is other Zerg, after hearing what Gu Huai said, it will probably be in a low mood, but will still obey.

At this time, Yalves was still standing still. He looked at Gu Huai and said: "It is very important to send flowers."

Gu Huai should not be heard, but during his time when he was completely out of reach, he was suddenly approached by the big cat in front of him.

"Hey." Yalves made this tone to Gu Huai.

In the adult form, it is a kind of foul behavior to send out the cries of the cubs with the cold sound of the texture. Yalves does not know, and the instinct allows him to understand how to get closer to Gu Huai.

Even Gu Huai, who was in such a cold state, was inevitably shocked when he heard the single tone, so that he could not react, and he was gently hugged by Arvis.

When the reaction came over, Gu Huai immediately pushed the big cat who had occupied him. In the end, there was no way to repeat the previous words "Don't touch me". He frowned slightly.

In the period of integration of power, the Zerg gene in Gu Huai was strongly highlighted at this time, and the indifference of passive entry made him refuse to approach everyone.

But memory and the original feelings will also affect Gu Huai, so he will be shaken.

Since Gu Huai refused to touch, Yalves changed to beside him. Originally, Gu Huai was guarding and not keeping, but he could not refuse the other two things at once.

After rejecting the first thing, when Yalves was to stay in the room, Gu Huai was inexplicably unable to face the second thing when he faced the big cat who had been wronged.

So Gu Huai did not care about the stay of Yalves, but he did not talk to the other side, and then did not pay attention to the attention of Yalves.

The silver-gray tail behind Yalves was very low all the way. Gu Huai had no way to have the feeling that he was bullying this big cat. The cold light in the golden erect was once again a second. .

Gu Huai did not want to face this situation, so he planned to go somewhere else, but Yalves followed him.

"Don't follow me." Gu Huai stopped and said.

Yalves did not speak, Gu Huai said to him before, let him keep with him.

Yalves himself also wanted to do this. At this time, he heard Gu Huai’s words, and he rarely did not follow Gu Huai’s request.

It can be seen that Arvis’s expression at the corner of his mouth is more obvious. The expression of the other person that Gu Huai swept and the silver-gray tail that fell behind him, after a few seconds, dispelled the idea of ​​going to another place. .

Anyway, he will be followed by the other party, and there is no difference in staying in the room.

Looking at Gu Huai and not planning to leave, Yalves's low tail was lifted slightly at this time.

Gu Huai ignored the attention of Arvis, but somehow, he noticed the reaction of this tail at this time.

Seeing that this tail was raised slightly, Gu Huai's face retracted his expression without expression.

The body is still a little uncomfortable, Gu Huai finally lay back on the bed to rest, Yalves walked over to stay at the bedside.

At this time, the Tucker worms who had been looking for something for a long time came back. These Tucker worms went to the small room where Gu Huai put the glass ball for a long time. Now, with a few of them, they feel the best. The glass ball is back.

The cubs are sick, they have to bring a beautiful toy ball to the cubs, so that the cubs feel happy.

Carefully clamping a glass ball with the extension of the sharp forearm, the head of the Tektronix came to the bed, lifted the glass ball to Gu Huai, and made a low humming sound from the throat.

But did not get any response.

Does the cub not like this glass ball?

They also brought several different glass balls. The Tektronians who clamped the different glass **** took the toy **** in front of Gu Huai in turn, but Gu Huai still didn't look at it.

It was found that all the selected glass ball pups did not like it, and these Tucker worms shrank their scarlet eyes slightly.

Still want to let the cubs have more toys, these Tak worms put the glass ball brought over to the bedside position of Gu Huai.

But this small sphere is really difficult to stabilize. These Tuckers did not consider this. The glass ball placed on the bedside table was unconsciously rolled to the ground.

The glass **** are too small, and the Tucker's body is too large to find in this room.

Gu Huai has always been unmoved. Because there is not much thinking ability, these Tucker worms are late to detect Gu Huai’s indifference. At this time, they unconsciously issued a lot of low-pitched buzz than before. .

Gu Huai heard the sound and did not appease, but did not ask the Tucker to leave. He closed his eyes in bed.

Until the time of eating at night, there was no space for other people in the room. Gu Huai got up from the bed in this empty time, and then blinked in the sense of shaking for a few seconds.

The golden urn was still indifferent, and Gu Huai looked at the ground with no expression, then he got up and went somewhere in the room.

Going to the target position, Gu Huai first stood still in this position for a while, and after a few seconds he bent down. He picked up a glass ball that had been rolled down from the bedside table from the ground.


Chapter 72 

Gu Huai put the glass ball picked up on the bed. He looked at the glass ball, and his face did not consciously sneak a slight measure of licking his mouth.

Gu Huai's mood is a bit confusing, just like there are two contrasting colors in the heart that want to drown each other, but there is no way to do it.

Genes suddenly emerged during the fusion period of power, which not only led to the indifference of the inscription on the Zerg gene, but also the nature of the nature was magnified several times because of the special circumstances.

The indifference of nature will suppress emotions, so Gu Huai’s attitude towards Zerg has changed dramatically.

However, treating the Zerg who loves them with such indifference is not the intention of Gu Huai. When the surrounding Zerg is showing a low attitude because of his attitude, the barrier that suppresses Gu Huai’s inner feelings will be struck. A little, it makes a crisp sound.

After releasing the glass ball, Gu Huai did not consciously raise his eyes to see the flower placed on the window sill of his room.

Looking at it, Gu Huai took back his gaze.

In the face of a sudden indifference to the king, the Zerg can be seen by the naked eye into a state of low pressure.

“Does the king hate us?” A Zerg soldier suddenly spoke in a silent atmosphere.

Without waiting for someone to answer, another Zerg soldier said: "Will it be that we have not done well recently, and the king is not happy, so Wang did not care about us..."

"My Majesty has been uncomfortable these days. We haven’t taken care carefully enough. It’s normal to be unhappy."

The Zerg are looking for their own reasons, whether or not, they first assumed a variety of situations.

If there is a reason, they can at least correct it. I hope that when they are all changed, Gu Huai can treat them as before.

In fact, at the beginning of the gentle treatment of Gu Huai, the Zerg feel that this feeling is very strange.

They also felt that the accident would be so gentle, not cold.

This is an incredible thing in itself.

After experiencing this gentleness, let them face the coldness of Gu Huai, they will not stand.

The Zerg suffered a big ethnic problem and suddenly became indifferent to them. The Chief of Staff and others even consulted two humans who were still connected with them.

It is hard to get caught up in the question of Shen Mu and Hamer. It is obvious that the Zerg at the other end of the communication image wants to find the answer from their answer. The two humans suddenly feel pressured.

The Zerg problem is changing on their side, it sounds like it is asking -

What is the reason why the children in the family suddenly do not get close to the parents?

For this problem, as the first reaction of human beings and Hammer, there are only three words.

Rebellion... Rebellion?

The Zerg will also have a rebellious period in the process of growing up, and two humans doubt this.

"It shouldn't last long. It's impossible to hate you first," Hammer affirmed.

To be honest, Hammer is hard to imagine that the Zerg people are now telling him that Gu Huai has become indifferent, which is completely different from the image in his impression.

It is even more impossible to hate the Zerg.

"You just have to get close, and you can't take it with you." Hammer began to give ideas to the Zerg at the other end of the newsletter. "If you don't care about you, you can still play it, it's sad, especially It’s a sad one to show a hundred percent, the more exaggerated the better.”

The Zerg people think that they don't have to play because they are really sad.

The human answer failed to give the Zerba too much comfort, but they expressed their gratitude.

During the dinner, Gu Huai also eats coldly, and ignores the eyes of the surrounding Zerg.

"Your Majesty, do you still like the food tonight?" The Chief of Staff stood by and asked carefully.

Gu Huai did not want to talk, but at this time, the eyes of the surrounding Zerg suddenly became more intense. After a long period of unspeaking, Gu Huai finally utterly unknowingly "hmm".

Gu Huai’s response to this was a great encouragement to the surrounding Zerg, and Wang still took care of them, and even if they were very cold, they made them feel happy.

When I thought about it, Gu Huai said that he would not let them see him. These Zerg quickly lowered their sights lower and lower.

But when they just looked down, these Zerg thought of two humans who told them in the newsletter that they had to work together, so the Zerg around Guhuai took the courage to look at Gu Huai.

Gu Huai: "..."

Although Gu Huai said before he said it, but now the Zerg around him stared at him, he said coldly but did not say anything.

Gu Huai's indifference has changed. It is the highest peak at the beginning, and it gradually decreases with time. This is a natural process that occurs during the integration period.

"In recent days, there have been occasional star thieves on our most remote stars. These star thieves probably look at the location of this planet is very remote, and think that we have limited jurisdiction over this stellar, so we dare to do so. Do, the subordinates have already dispatched troops to go, and this problem can be solved quickly without any accident." The chief of staff reported to the government about Gu Huai.

The most remote star.

Gu Huai heard the word, and his eyes suddenly fell three points: "On this planet, there should be only some low-level Zerg."

Zerg has a lot of planets, not all planets can be highly developed, as in the development of remote stars.

"Yes." The chief of staff bowed his head.

Gu Huai no expression, he stopped eating, easily locked in the spiritual field of the low-level Zerg on the most remote star.

In this way, the position of the leader is confirmed, and then through the spiritual consciousness of a lower-ranking Zerg on the planet, Gu Huai "sees" the Star Wars that happened to be on the planet.

This star thief is not a powerful gang. The reason why it dares to touch the Zerg planet is because the planet is far enough.

"Boss, I think we are still changing the planet, don't provoke the Zerg... We have come to the planet several times, and it really should be changed." A small body thief said.

"Afraid of anything." As the head of the star thief glanced at him, "There are only a few low-level zerg on this planet. We have warships that don't need to be afraid. Besides, the planet is so remote. Before the troops of other Zerg rushed over, we ran. It’s not over."

"Why, the Zerg troops can be so fast..." The star thief had not been able to finish the sentence, and the communication screen that was suddenly forced to connect in front of his eyes caused his voice to come to a halt in his throat.

What appeared in the communication video was a young black-haired man who looked at their golden erects and was cold.

"Now immediately withdraw from the planet, or accept the Zerg’s liquidation for you." Gu Huai’s eyes looked at the heads of the stars, "Is the Lofin Star Theft?"

The young black-haired youth in the image did not use any threatening tone, but the star thief felt a sense of oppression as if it were from the cold eyes of the golden sterling.

Watched by these eyes, the body of the star thief did not consciously froze, and the back gradually developed cold sweat.

Gu Huai continued: "You have a minute of evacuation."

Even the conversation through the communication image made people completely afraid to fight against it. The star thief swallowed his throat and ordered the evacuation of his subordinates in the strong fear that shrouded him.

After confirming the results, Gu Huai terminated the communication.

Gu Huai’s move caused the Zerg around him to suddenly light his eyes.

The king did this to protect the low-ranking Zerg in the remote star...

Wang’s really cold attitude is like the one that was just for those star thieves. By contrast, it’s not cold to them.

The king is still gentle to them.

Rounding up to get this conclusion, the Zerg around Guhuai suddenly got better.

But if you can be as gentle as before and smile at them from time to time, then it is better...

For the Zerg, no matter what kind of changes in Gu Huai, they will still like Gu Huai as before.

But because Gu Huai once gave them more, they cherish it very much, so they don't want to lose.

During the integration period, Gu Huai didn't feel like it at first, but he had a fever that night.

"Your Majesty...!" The Zerg are almost anxious to start spinning around in the room. The body of their own kings has not been better these days, which makes all the Zerg full of anxiety.

Fever has not appeared in the Zerg, and the general disease can not invade the Zerg's body, but Gu Huai is an exception.

Gu Huai burned no strength, and Yalves now uses his tail to circle his body and feed him to take medicine. Gu Huai can only accept it in a dizzy state.

It turns out that the real illness, the indifferent nature is also no match for the disease.

Gu Huai's body is very hot, and the Zerg's body temperature is low, so when Yalves embraced him, he took the initiative to rely on the Arvis to snuggle in a state of not sober.

After taking the medicine, Gu Huai did not take long to fall asleep, the effect of the drug played during his sleep, his body temperature gradually decreased, and he returned to normal before he woke up.

Gu Hua opened his eyes when he woke up, his eyes are now black, and the ceiling is reflected.

At the moment of waking up, Gu Huai’s expression was awkward, and then he couldn’t help but reach out and grab his own eyes.

The eye returned to the normal state of black, because the end of the fusion period, Gu Huai is no longer subject to excessively strong racial nature.

Fever is the body abnormality caused by the fusion period. After passing through, it is the integration of strength, but these are not the focus now.

The point is that Gu Huai remembers what he said to the surrounding Zerg during the period of his influence on the nature of the race, and then he remembered the low and sad expressions that the Zerg showed to him.

What to do? What to do? What to do……? ! !

In the heart of the screen to cycle this problem, at this time Gu Huai also gently put a silver-gray tail, Gu Huai side over the head to the eyes of Arvis coveted his eyes, could not help but also a card on the spot.

He seems to have said too much to this big cat...

Cold and cool, after the crematorium.

Gu Huai suddenly realized the true meaning of this sentence.



Chapter 73 

I am not, I am not, those things are not what I do. Gu Huai is stuck in the shell, and the heart repeats this sentence.

Reasonable, what does he do under the influence of ethical nature, what does it have to do with his normal state...? !

Gu Huai stalked his neck and thought about it. He could just look at the eyes of Yalves. He couldn’t help but feel a bit guilty.

Ok then... even if there is a little relationship.

After all, those actions are made by his body, and the words are also spoken from his mouth. If you want to count...

If you have to calculate it, it is indeed what he did.

Even I can't convince myself, Gu Huai closed his eyes and wished he could sleep longer.

When do you say that he is not awake, why do you want to wake up when Yalves is next to him? ?

Gu Huai felt that he was not ready to face this crematorium right away.

No...

If he wants to install another one, pretend that he hasn't recovered yet, so he can get time to think about what he should do.

Gu Huai felt that this method was good, but when he was preparing to implement it, he suddenly got stuck at the beginning.

How do you put a cold and ruthless expression?

Without deliberately giving people a cold face experience, Gu Huai’s face was stiff and stiff, and he did not know how to adjust his expression.

Gu Huai’s inner drama is ups and downs, and he found that he was awake, but he would not give him so much time to think.

Yalves first explored the body temperature on the forehead of Huai, and confirmed that his body temperature returned to normal. He took his hand back and watched Gu Huai quietly.

Yalves did not take the initiative to speak. While watching Gu Huai, he lifted his silver-gray tail that was lightly placed on the other side when Gu Huai fell asleep, and then prepared to move back behind him.

Because Gu Huai told him not to touch him before.

Gu Huai saw that the tail on his body had to be removed, and then he followed the expression of Yalves's slightly whispered mouth, and he suddenly groaned.

You know that before Arvis would not see him wake up and remove his tail, he would always wait for him to sit up and then circle his body.

This crematorium is a bit too much.

Gu Huai mouth smacked, too late to think too much, he subconsciously hugged the tail that was obviously ready to be removed on him.

When Gu Huai was so hugged, Yalves looked at the erect on his face and shrank slightly: "Ahuai."

Gu Huai, who was called by the name, did not immediately go to see Yalves, but his eyes turned to another place because of some kind of guilty feelings. He touched the silver-gray tail that he was holding with his hand. The meaning of deaf people is almost quite obvious.

But the face is still facing.

Gu Huai got up from the bed and looked at Yalves: "Yesterday... I didn't mean what I said to you."

As soon as the words were finished, they did not wait for Yalves to react. Gu Huai first felt that this sentence was not appropriate.

and many more--

He said that it was not intentional, but if he could inadvertently say such indifference and hurt, it would not mean that he did not care about Yalves.

"I didn't want to say that to you, I am because..." Gu Huai organized a language explanation, "because it was affected."

Regarding the influence of the integration period and ethnic nature on him, it is not easy to make it clear. Gu Huai looked at the reaction of the big cat in front of him. Yalves hung down on him, but he did not speak.

Why not talk, this is not because Yalves is really unhappy, just because he feels that if he does not speak, he can exchange for Gu Huai’s initiative.

This is one thing that Yalves instinctively learned in the process of getting along with Gu Huai.

This big cat is like a waiter.

When Gu Huai saw it, he stroked the silver-gray tail that he was holding, and then he took the initiative to put this tail on himself.

Can't you do this?

After completing this step, Gu Huai went to observe the reaction of Yalves. He found that the tail of the big cat was moving after he touched it, but his face was still a cold expression, which made it difficult to see. The other party's real reaction.

It seems that it is still not good...

Gu Huai looked at the eyes of Yalves, and after two seconds of watching, he did not look down and cough.

Immediately after Gu Huai turned his head back, he bullied himself to the past, regardless of the lips of the three-seventy-one first-in-law pro-Yalvis being slightly squatting.

Yalves's lip color is shallow, and due to the low cool body temperature of the Zerg, when Gu Huai kissed him, the touch was also a touch of coolness.

If there is any kind of lip shape that makes Gu Huai feel very suitable for kissing, it is probably Yalves.

The shape of the lips is very beautiful, and probably because of the personal temperament of Yalves, even the intimate things like kissing are always showing a feeling of abstinence.

Gu Huai’s dear is not only a face, he went to complete the kiss of the lover completely, but when he just took the initiative to reach out to the lips of Yalves, he was immediately pressed by the opponent. The back neck is available upon request.

Gu Huai was deeply kissed by the deep kiss, his tongue was entangled, and he was reddish in the feeling of forgetting to change his breath and feel a little difficult to breathe.

Then when Gu Huai reacted, he was already pushed to the bed by Yalves.

But Gu Huai was just ill, and even if Jarvis had any reaction, he would not do anything about Gu Hua at this time.

Gu Huai also felt the physical reaction of Yalves, his cheeks suddenly became like a fever, but the cheeks were vaguely red, and he also saw the cold expression of Yalves. Restraint.

"Change time, then... can." When I said the last two words, Gu Hua almost wanted to bite his tongue.

Yalves heard and unconsciously moved his tail, and the pale gold sag looked down at Gu Huai under him.

Yalves did not miss Gu Huai’s words. He asked: “Can you pay the tail?”

Yalves wanted to hear Gu Huai's initiative to nod and agree to ask, and Gu Huai looked at the expression of Yalves, thinking that he would still marry this big cat, so his eyes closed.

"... um." Gu Huai nodded, and in the first place signed a blank check.

“When can I be after?” Yalves further questioned.

Gu Huai was asked to get stuck, but in the eyes of this silver big cat's continued gaze, Gu Huai finally nodded in silence.

"So what I said to you yesterday, you..."

Gu Huai still couldn't worry about it. He felt that he had an accurate response. Before he finished speaking, Yalves said: "Nothing is unhappy."

This should always be a good one.

Gu Huai thought in his heart, and then he saw that Yalves took the initiative to stay away from his half body, and even his tail was removed.

For Yalves, the body is the most sensitive part of his body, except that the silver wing is the tail, because both of them exist completely as fighting weapons.

To let the body react, his tail can't let Gu Huai touch.

Gu Huai also reacted after a second. After knowing that Yalves was not in contact with him at all, he did not consciously blink.

Two people stayed in the room and looked at each other. Gu Huai was in this atmosphere, watching Arvis being suppressing some kind of impulse with a cold expression. Suddenly, the ghost said: "In addition to mating, you can also Use another method..."

When I talked about exporting Gu Huai, I wanted to close my eyes, but Yalves was staring at him now, and Gu Huai was very difficult to meet the eyes of this big cat.

Why should he talk about this? !

The end of this sentence is that Gu Huai’s left hand almost did not feel his hand after nearly an hour.

If you can come back again, Gu Huai must control his mouth that is talking indiscriminately.

Although there was no substantial possession, Yalves looked at Gu Huai’s hand, and the vertices showed a slight contraction after the desire to possess possession was satisfied.

Is it a good time to have this big cat?

That is certainly worth it.

Can you think about a group of parents who need to apologize and appease outside?

Gu Huai’s eyes stayed sad and felt sad for his situation.

Just after ending a crematorium, I had to face another. Gu Huai really didn't think about how he would face it.

Although Gu Huai had memories of what he did yesterday, it was because of the influence of ethnic nature. After Gu Huai returned to normal, there was always a sense of unreality.

How can he say that to his own Zerg, if he is normal, he will never say it.

Because of this unreality, Ming clearly is what he is doing, but Gu Huai has a feeling of awakening and suddenly backing the pot.

Look at this pot, it is big and round...

Kneeling, Gu Huai decided to use his mental power to perceive the emotions of his own Zerg, he is a psychological preparation.

At this time in the lobby of the first floor of this mansion.

"Why are you awake? The medical team said that you have taken medicine under your arm and can get back to sleep after a night of sleep. I don't know if I can get sick today..."

"I want to go and see, but if we go in the room again, will Wang be unhappy?"

"Then we stand outside the door and listen to the movements in the room? If you don't go in, just listen, so the king should not be upset."

The Zerg in the hall are afraid to go upstairs. They all want to go to see Huaihuai. If they can, they should be accompanied by twenty-four hours.

Wang is sick. No matter whether he is working or anything else, he can't be the reason why he doesn't stay with his king. But now the king is not allowed to stay next to him...

When I think about it, the mood of the Zerg in the house is low.

The emotions that Gu Huai expanded to reach the senses are also low.

Gu Huai: "..."

This pot has a back on his back, and he has to carry it back.

How can we save this situation, Gu Huai has been thinking hard for a long time, and finally found a way.

I don't know if this method works, let's try it out -

The Zerg who were squatting in the lobby of the first floor were finally defeated by their inner worries. In any case, they must go up and see if their own king’s body is better.

Once the idea was decided, the Zerg who gathered in the hall were headed by the chief of staff and prepared to go upstairs.

But at this time, a group of black creatures coming down from the stairs attracted the attention of all the Zerg in the hall.

The black fluffy creature's target is clearly in the direction of the Zerg. When it is almost close, the black cub lifts his head and shows the Zerg's golden eyes like a glass ball. .

"Hey...hey!"

Looking at the Zerg, the black cubs sent a few soft snoring to them.



Chapter 74

After the buzzing sound, the black group of the cubs in front of the Zerg was organized into a body, keeping their heads up and looking at the surrounding Zerg with gold.

Seeing the black cub that was crouching on the carpet, the low mood of the Zerg in the room was forcibly interrupted in an instant, and they stared at the cub.

Is the king willing to care for them?

The idea came out first in the first place, and then covered by another, more intense idea -

Is the king's body good? !

"Your Majesty." Kapaliya and Ai, who were originally on the other side, and the three heads of the military, were all half-squatted, and nervously observed the physical condition of the black cub.

Ai’s face with two light gray faces is full of disapproval: “You’re just sick, you need more rest, you shouldn’t go downstairs.”

Even if you know that Gu Huai’s illness will not be a problem because of the clear future, he will also worry when Gu Huai is sick.

"Your Majesty..." The Chief of Staff and other Zerg are both worried and embarrassed. I don't know if they will be close to Gu Huai's dissatisfaction.

Perceived the guilty feelings of the surrounding Zerg, the black cub that was originally in the body moved, and it approached the chief of staff who was half-squatting down to him, and then licked each other close.

"Hey."

The chief of staff suddenly couldn’t hold the cold expression, and his eyes showed some kind of violent shock.

The surrounding Zerg also received the same important message from the action of this black cub - Wang is as willing to be close to them as before.

This discovery made the zerg's inner feelings of low and sadness empty, and they re-feel the joy, and the erects are lightened in an instant.

The Zerg is a nature-independent race. Calmness and even ruthlessness are just an instinct for every Zerg soldier. Their spirit will not be easily shaken.

But Gu Huai is different for them. Gu Huai's mood and attitude towards them can affect the mood of these Zerg.

The strong sense of joy hits the hearts of all the Zerg in the house, and they can't wait to get close to Gu Huai.

"Your Majesty, can you comb your hair?" The Chief of Staff asked cautiously.

The black cub staying on the blanket slightly moved the plush little tail behind the lower body: "Hey."

So the chief of staff quickly found a small comb in the room and then began to clink the cubs more cautiously.

This black cub is swaying in the golden urn, and in the process of being combed, An An is divided into groups and does not move.

Tuse Star started snowing early this morning, but now the snow has stopped, and the warm outdoor sunlight shines into the house from the window, and the place where the sun shines seems to be a warm and mellow feeling.

I hope that Wang can always be healthy, and I hope that Wang can always treat them with a close attitude like now, so that they will feel very happy.

For the Zerg who live on any planet in this interstellar space, the sense of happiness that makes them dazzle is only from such a simple matter.

On this day, Gu Huai kept the shape of the cub, and when he was the next day, he resumed the appearance of the humanoid form, and then explained the state of his previous situation with the surrounding Zerg.

"It won't be like this anymore." Gu Huai was sitting, and his attitude was very serious. "I am sorry for those words that I said to you before."

In the original world, Gu Huai had no family members. He grew up alone when he was a child.

The growth experience has made Gu Huai more sensitive to the care and concern of others. Therefore, Gu Huai attaches great importance to and cherishes the “family” who is in this world.

As a king, this ability to perceive the Zerg emotions makes Gu Huai more aware of the Zerg people's concern and love for him. These feelings are purely strong. When Gu Huai receives it, he naturally wants to respond.

"You don't have anything to apologize for." Kapaliya watched Gu Huai.

In the face of this female zerg, who has always been frosty, the corner of the mouth appears very tiny, which may be difficult to count as a smile, but this is the result of Kapalia's efforts.

Gu Huai faced this extremely undetectable smile and unconsciously blinked.

"Is it... It’s hard to see this expression?" Kapaliya was a little cautious. "It’s Aaron’s saying that it’s better to use this expression for those who value it."

Other races know more about the relationship than the Zerg, so Kapaliya listened to Aaron's words.

"No, Luna smiled very well." Gu Huai quickly shook his head.

Hearing that Gu Huai said this, Kapaliya’s expression was stretched.

Faced with direct praise like this, although the women in the Zerg are much colder than the women of other races, they are not completely unsmooth.

At this time, next to Gu Huai, a Tak zerg is trying to use the extension of its forearm to clamp the small round comb on the table.

The process was not going well. In the attempt, the round comb fell to the ground.

But the Tucker did not give up, it lowered its head and continued to make the next attempt.

This carefully controlled the strength for a while, and the Tektronix finally succeeded in using its "hand" to clamp the small round comb.

"Oh..." The huge Tak zerg stared at the round comb that he had clamped himself with a scarlet erect, at this moment a low-pitched squeak from his throat.

The other Tak worms around are watching some instigation and seem to want to do the same.

"Combine here." Sitting on the sofa, Gu Huai raised his hand and patted the sharp forearm of the former Tak Zerg and the cold weapon, and then slightly bent his eye to point to his hair.

The lower zerg was originally born purely for war. The Tak worms in the living room basically did not understand anything other than fighting at the beginning, but this time they had already been born when they guarded the Gu Huai shell. changed.

They learned how to take care of the cubs they care for and how they can be happy.

After Gu Huai pointed his hair, the Tektronix, who was clamping a small round comb with the extension of the forearm, carefully put the comb on the soft black hair of Gu Huai.

After combing the hair of Gu Huai smoothly, the scarlet erect scorpion of the Tak worms shrank slightly, and the throat continued to emit a lower snoring than before.

Yalves sat next to the body with Gu Huai with his tail. For this picture, the three heads of the team were no longer disagreeing.

Staying in the vicinity of Gu Huai, Yalves did not appear to be out of control again.

The behavior of Yalves is Gu Huai's permission. This is Gu Huai's will. Under the circumstance that Yalves is not in danger to Gu Huai, the heads of the army are unconditionally obeying the wishes of Gu Huai.

When he was combed with his hair, Gu Huai thought of the ongoing Tussex soil improvement plan. He slightly turned his head to ask Simodo standing near him: "There should be a lot of flowers in the future. Does Simodo like to spend?"

The head of the Fourth Army, who is almost as big as the Tektronix, has a face that looks so irritating, but it is a bit dull in front of Gu Huai.

Simodo rarely voluntarily expresses his opinions, so Gu Huai gradually learned to ask him questions.

"Hey, if you like your flower, then you will like it." Simodo thought for a second and gave the answer according to his thinking.

Gu Huai heard the words scratching his cheeks, looking up to the left and the window that was shining into the warm sunshine: "If you can plant flowers on the map, the planet will become very beautiful. Of course, I think the current Tussell is also very It looks good, but planting flowers can make the planet have more colors."

"It will be fine to see with you." Gu Huai bent his eyes very well.

Having said that, Gu Huai looked at Ai: "Yes, what kind of future do you see in Ai's dream of your preaching? Have you seen the figure star, is it full of flowers?"

When Gu Huai used the shape of the cubs to sneak through yesterday, he heard a Zerg mentioning Ai’s anticipation of dreams. Now think about it.

When Gu Huai asked this question, all the Zerg in the house also paid attention to it.

Originally, they should be asked earlier than Gu Huai, but when Ai mentioned the dream of prejudice, Gu Huai was sick, and the worry about Gu Huai made them have no extra attention to care about other things.

Ai looked at Gu Huai, who asked him, with a very light, shallow gold erect, and stopped the predictive ability in the talent. Ai looked at the existence and the reality of Gu Huai itself.

Ai’s feeling for Gu Huai has always been calm and watery, and the two gray faces on his face made him a little more mysterious.

Among all the Zerg, Ai is probably the best one to interpret the gentleness of this kind of genius. His eyes on Gu Huai are very quiet, but at the same time soft.

This is a kind of gaze that can be called gentle.

"The subordinates also want to comb your hair, can you?" Rarely did not immediately answer Gu Huai's question, Ai first asked this sentence.

Gu Huai accidentally squinted and nodded and responded: "Yes."

After Gu Huai promised, the Tak zerg, who was combing his hair to Gu Huai, stopped moving. Ai took the small round comb and stood next to his eyes, carefully and meticulously combing Gu Huai. In fact, there is no need to comb the black hair.

Then Ai’s voice whispered: “I see it... There are a lot of flowers you like on the star of Thur, and you are very happy to see that the future Tuse Star will be what you want to be.”

"That's great." Gu Huai heard that the light was a little brighter.

Gu Huai knows that his Zerg has made a lot of efforts for the soil improvement plan of Tuse Star. It is not just recruiting soil science experts from other races. There are also many Zerg within the Tuse Star to start spontaneous learning and research.

These efforts are sure to have a good result, and Gu Hua is of course very happy.

“Did I take you to see the flowers together?” Gu Huai asked with interest, Gu Huai felt that he would do this when he was full of flowers.

Ai’s eyes were slightly stunned and he responded slowly after about two seconds: “Yes.”

In fact, Ai did not see the future of Tuse Star. The future he really saw through his dreams was probably the time before Tuse Star could fill the flowers.

But although he did not see it, Ai believes that after the efforts of the Zerg and enough time, Tuse Star will certainly become what Gu Huai expected.

"I hope this future will come soon, I want to take you to see the flowers on the star of Tuse." Gu Huai language with a promise.

Ai showed a very shallow smile and replied: "There is hope for the subordinates."

If this future, he can see it.

Ai will occasionally have this kind of idea that will be called "greed" on the human side.

Like today, Gu Huai lives healthy and is willing to get close to their happiness. All Zerg will hope to continue.

But "changing" is a lot more difficult than "changing". In order to maintain this, I'm willing to pay for everything he can pay.

Therefore, even though it is clear that he has known through the foresighted dreams, he cannot see the future with his own eyes. Ai also said that he expects the future.



Chapter 75

The overall development of the race has been on the right track. Under the work of the four heads of the army and the chief of staff and other high-level Zerg, in fact, there are not many things that need to be taken care of by the Zerg.

Ordinary documents will be handled directly by the head of the army. Gu Huai only needs to review a relatively small number of important documents.

The number of visitors to and from Tuse Star has increased. In the near term, Tuse Star has almost become the most popular tourist planet in the interstellar world. This is the result that Gu Huai did not expect.

Because of the curiosity of the public, after the Warriors first came to Tuse Star to experience it and go home safely, the people of all races in the Stars seem to regard the Tut Star as a memorable event.

Many tourists will express their feelings on the Star Network to the Star of the Zerg Capital. One to two, the reputation of the Zerg in the interstellar is more and more "close to the people."

Now even if the Zerg is not active, there will be other races who want to enter into a friendly covenant with the Zerg.

The Zerg is basically unrelenting. Even for some weak and small races, as long as the other party has enough sincerity, the Zerg is willing to establish diplomatic relations with it.

In the winter of Tusexing this year, Gu Huai also made a snowman in the courtyard of the mansion and the Tak zerg who looked after him. This was what he promised last year.

Gu Huai said that when the figure is snowing again next year, he will give these Tak worms the same kind of snowman. This thing is still remembered, and of course it can't be said.

But today's snowman is more than last year, because some Zerg soldiers know that after Gu Huai was building a snowman in the courtyard, they spontaneously piled up their own snowmen next to the big snowman around the snowman.

The little snowman surrounded by many big snowmen is very prominent, because the body size is obviously much smaller, and you can see it at a glance.

The little snowmen were piled up by the Tak worms, because Gu Huai was still a cub in their eyes, so these Tak worms also gave a small snowman to Gu Huai.

The little snowman is small and needs more protection. These Zerg soldiers think so.

The little snowman represents Gu Huai. They put their own snowman beside them, and that is to stay with their own king. This idea made these Zerg soldiers quite happy.

"I will help you pile up one?" Gu Huai said that the four army leaders standing in front of him said.

Other Zerg who often enter and exit the house have piled up their snowmen, and the four a zergs still have no snowmen.

The four worms did not speak at this time, but they all looked straight at Gu Huai.

Gu Huai thought about it, this is not a kind of restraint as a class Zer, otherwise it is a way of wanting and not saying.

Gu Huai squinted: "Then I started to pile up for you."

When the pile was piled up, Gu Huai piled up four normal snowmen on the empty snow next to them.

The snowman’s eyes are still inlaid with gemstones in unmanned manner. Gu Huai pointed to the four snowmen and said, “This is Yalves, then this is Kapaliya, the third is Simodo, and finally This is Ai."

The gemstone inlaid on the face of the fourth snowman is the lightest. Gu Huai pointed out that the snowman’s eyes said to Ai: "Is it quite like?"

Ai went to see the two light golden gems on the snowman's face, and the expression on the cold and calm face showed a very shallow smile at this time: "Well, the subordinates feel very similar."

Filling these four snowmen, this courtyard filled with all kinds of snowmen feels perfect.

Considering the restraint of the four a zerg, Gu Huai volunteered at this time: "If you like it, I will give you a pile next year. You can be a gift."

Simodo responded the fastest and honestly nodded to Gu Huai: "Simodo likes snowmen."

Accurately, it is a snowman who likes Gu Huai.

Yalves’s response was to circle Gu Huai with his tail. Gu Huai, who was too late to be taken by the big cat to his arms, saw Kapaliya’s face squinting and nodded at him.

"Let's pile up with you next year, if you allow it," Ai said.

Gu Huai was somewhat surprised by Ai’s words. He raised his eyes and quickly nodded his head: “Of course.”

Get the answer I want, and Ai’s gaze on Gu Huai’s body is not a colder light.

Gu Huai said that he can make his snowman a gift, then this is a gift once a year.

"Thank you." Ai whispered.

I don't know how many precious gifts can be received, so Iyig cherished it outside.

In the courtyard, accompanied by a bunch of snowmen, Gu Huai also guided the Tektronians who were next to him as usual.

With the mental guidance to promote the advancement of low-level Zerg, the progress has been slow, but it is not without progress.

Compared with a year ago, Gu Huai can feel that the Tak Zerg around him has greatly improved his ability to understand the language.

Now even if he says something complicated, these Tucker worms can understand it.

The first is the development of wisdom, then the advancement of the body.

Nowadays, there are no more wars in this era. It used to be because the time from birth to death was too short, and now the low-ranking Zerg have a time to evolve.

As long as there is enough time, Gu Huai is confident that the low-ranking Zerg in their race will one day advance into the humanoid form.

With the development of the Zerg in diplomacy, Gu Huai was asked this question in an interview recently accepted -

"There is still the last question. Do you have the will to lead the Zerg to join the Star Alliance?" The interviewer tried to ask Gu Huai's attitude.

Gu Huai answered very calmly: "When the timing is right, it will be."

The interview was not a live broadcast. When the interview video was announced, Gu Huai’s answer to the question of joining the Star Alliance suddenly made the Internet talk.

The vast majority of people published positive comments.

[kaja (Olong Galaxy): This is normal, even if there is no interview, you can guess that the Zerg will join the Star Alliance sooner or later. 】

[--(Melil Galaxy): I think this is a good thing. The Zerg joins the Star Alliance. This means that the power of the Star Alliance will be stronger and beneficial to Star Peace. 】

[--(Wakan Galaxy): Everyone thinks so, I hope that this day will come soon. If after the Zerg joined the Star Alliance, it would be great to be able to shock the Stars to rob the planet. 】

With such a paradox, we can see the success of the Zerg’s external image change.

Under such a paradox, Gu Huai received the information of the "Invitation Team" of Star Alliance today.

It is not to let the Zerg join the Star Alliance, but to find a Zerg together to solve one thing.

In fact, even without this paradox, the Star Alliance has to find the Zerg help, because this matter is related to the genetically modified soldiers.

It is not the gray tower soldiers, but another group of modified special forces. This group of modified soldiers is more difficult for the Star Alliance than the Gray Tower soldiers. The Star Alliance has to seek the help of the Zerg.

The Zerg had the deepest contact with the soldiers in the last incident, and it was the effort to assemble the gray tower with little effort. The Star Alliance believes that it is the best choice to find Zerg help on this matter.

After receiving the request from Star Alliance, Gu Huai frowned very clearly: "Gavin is still doing this kind of thing."

Gu Huai’s expression was a bit cold. Thinking of the Gray Tower soldiers, Gavin was also the object that Gu Huai could not forgive.

Aaron saw Gu Huai's frowning, and the expressions of other Zerg around him immediately fell cold. He said at this time: "The evil is a thousand years... Gavin is a typical high-function anti-social personality."

Aaron and Gavin, as a colleague for a while, he can clearly feel that Gavin is indeed a genius in a million years, but at the same time he feels that the other party's mentality is not normal.

Aaron himself is not a type that likes to have more contact with others. Even if he had such a feeling at the time, he did not go deep into it.

Later, the other party defected from the Star Alliance headquarters and a series of things done after the defection proved his point.

"He used to make the Grey Tower soldiers. I think the purpose is to simply destroy the interstellar peace, but he did not expect that the Zerg genes integrated in the transformation of the soldiers will become an accident." Aaron continued.

I am afraid that this accident is unexpected, because no one can predict the birth of Gu Huai, and I don’t think the Zerg would have such a variable as the birth of a king.

The Star Alliance’s wanted for Gavin has not been a result. An all-star s-level wanted criminal is active everywhere, but the Star Alliance cannot arrest it. This is almost a heart disease of the Star Alliance.

Gu Huai only considered a small meeting, he replied to the Star Alliance that he was willing to provide assistance.

Transforming soldiers is still the second thing that can be dealt with. The first problem they solve is to arrest Gavin.

Otherwise, the troubles in the future will not stop.

"This batch of genetically modified soldiers, I think there will be no more Zerg genes." Gu Huai told the Star Alliance high-level truth in the newsletter.

Already eating at this point, Gu Huai believes that Gavin will not be stupid enough to make the same mistake for the second time.

The top of the Star Alliance at the other end of the communication was also psychologically prepared, and their expressions were very dignified.

"We caught a prisoner and are now in jail. You can send someone to see the modified soldier to confirm the situation." Star Alliance said.

Gu Huai heard the shook his head: "I have to confirm this in person."

Although Gu Huai said that he felt that these reformed soldiers would not have Zerg genes, but did not know with his own eyes, Gu Huai could not completely let go.

Gu Huai said to the Star Alliance executives that he was quickly accompanied by the Zerg fleet's guards to the Star Alliance headquarters, and then saw the locked soldiers in the prison.

The appearance of this remodeled soldier also has mixed ethnic characteristics, but Gu Huai stood outside the glass compartment and did not feel any emotion of the soldier.

This shows that there is no Zerg gene in this reconstructed soldier. It is confirmed that this matter has made Gu Huai relieved.

To say that this reformed soldier and the gray tower soldier still have any difference, except that there is no fusion of the Zerg gene, Gu Huai feels that the reconstructed soldier's eyes are quite sluggish.

"Since this modified soldier has been arrested here, he has not said a word again." The person responsible for bringing Gu Huai here is said.

However, the voice just fell, and both the Zerg and the Star Alliance personnel saw the reconstructed soldier with his eyes locked in Gu Huai: "Target confirmation, lock, start attack."

Ai Yi stopped in front of Gu Huai one second before the revolutionary soldier made a sound.

When Yalves saw Ai’s action, he did not hesitate to use his tail to circle Gu Huai, and then spread the silver wing to block Gu Huai.

The other Zerg who were present also showed a **** posture in an instant.

This is a reflective action that the Zerg will have.

Of course, how to say it, here is the Star Alliance headquarters.

In the prison of the Star Alliance headquarters, the transparent compartment used in each compartment is to be crushed two or three times by the warship's rail guns. The disabled soldier who is locked can not wear even if he attacks. Through this barrier.

But the point of this matter is that the Zerg and the Star Alliance personnel are aware at this moment -

The goal of the enemy’s action is likely to be Gu Huai.


Chapter 76

The enemy's goal may be Gu Huai. This discovery allowed all the Zerg in the scene to immediately reveal a very bad expression, like a beast guarding important treasures, and instantly show sharp fangs to enemies who intend to invade the nest.

For the Zerg, anything that is harmful to Gu Huai will be their target of removal.

At this point, the Zerg has no possibility of giving in.

"Just catching a defector, the Star League sent a special memorial team. In the past many years, it still has nothing to gain?" The Chief of Staff expressed his doubts.

Being asked this way, the Star Alliance is very embarrassed. Although they are not willing to admit it, they have not had any way to get Gavin in these years.

The other party is very smart and alert. It is always possible to evacuate before the Star Alliance finds clues. It will wipe out the clues of its existence. It is not easy for Star Alliance to find clues from certain places. .

At this time, Aaron first glanced at Kapalya's expression and then said an objective statement: "Gavin should have changed his external appearance in the past few years. Although there is no evidence to support it, this matter He can no doubt do it. With his ability, it is really not easy for Star Alliance to catch people."

"A whole genius is only the kind of genius that emerges as the first one. It is very tricky as an enemy."

It is also terrible.

Also engaged in scientific research, Aaron is not lost to Gavin, but Aaron knows that this is only superficial.

At the time of being a colleague, Aaron had always vaguely perceived the hidden side of the other side, and Gavin had the ability to deliberately not reveal it.

Even if this part of the ability is not revealed, Gavin has been recognized as the most advanced genius in the world in the interstellar.

"Of course, Star Alliance has not gained anything for so many years, it is indeed shameful." In order to show that he is toward the Zerg, Aaron added a sentence at the end.

You said this sentence from a person who jumped from the Star Alliance, will the conscience not hurt? ?

The top of the Star Alliance has a face that looks like a dog. If it is not a serious serious occasion, their expressions will not be taken back.

"This prisoner is in a wrong state. Has the Star Alliance checked his body?" Gu Huai broke this subtle scene. "His expression, and the tone of his speech just now..."

Gu Huai paused a little and thought about the appropriate adjectives. At this time, Arvis took the expression with a blank expression: "Mechanization."

Yes, mechanized.

Gu Huai nodded as soon as Yalves’ voice fell. He looked up and saw the soldier who was still carrying out a meaningless attack on the transparent compartment: “The eyes and behavior, including the content and tone, are like There is not much sense of autonomy."

“There has been an inspection.” A Star Alliance official replied, “This modified soldier’s brain has been implanted with something. We haven’t figured out what it is. Because it is expected to automatically start the self-destruction program when it is removed. Something, we have not acted rashly for the time being."

Gu Huai heard the words and turned to find Aaron thoughtful: "Aaron, do you have a solution?"

Aaron didn't shake his head and nodded. He said, "Not sure, you can give it a try."

"Then try it." Gu Huai promised to be very simple, and then went to see the Star Alliance people. "You should not object?"

The star of the Star Alliance at the scene was slightly stiff and narrowed his neck.

Although Aaron said that he can only try, not necessarily successful, but a few days later, he successfully produced the results.

"It's a chip." Aaron said. "As the Star Alliance said, this chip does set up a self-destruction program. Removing the chip will cause the self-destruction program to start. The head of the modified soldier will be bombed. open."

After a pause, Aaron continued to state: "The modified soldiers who are implanted with the chip are similar to the robots that are programmed. They will follow the instructions set by Gavin and attack one of the instructions you should set. ”

chip……

"There are still no self-awareness of these modified soldiers implanted with this kind of control core?" Gu Huai frowned slightly.

“Almost no, emotions and consciousness are suppressed.”

It is also from this point that Aaron sees Gavin’s taboo against Gu Huai.

After the development of such a chip, for the new batch of modified soldiers, Gavin did not reinforce the genes of the Zerg.

The control chip does not necessarily suppress the obedience to the king in the Zerg gene. After rolling over here, Gavin will not let himself make the same mistake for the second time.

"What do you think he has put his goal on me?" Gu Huai is calmer about the fact that his converted soldiers are the target of attack, but the Zerg around him is very upset.

Aaron replied in his discretion: "It may be because you are the first person to let him plan to fail and feel frustrated."

"Gavin is very conceited. He doesn't want any changes to his plan."

This is an analysis of personality. As for other more specific reasons, Aaron can't figure out the idea of ​​Gavin.

The other party's mentality is not normal. If he can understand each other, then he is definitely not normal.

Gu Huai knocked on the table and asked a moment later: "If it is not removed, I will directly turn the chip implanted in the minds of these reformed soldiers into another thing, so that the self-destruction program will not start."

Aaron said: "What are you doing?"

"Use my ability." Gu Huaiyan is concise.

After the end of the integration period, Gu Huai's control over the mental power he possessed has increased a lot. If he is given a test machine now, Gu Huai can control the value of his own test.

With such precision, Gu Huai can pry his mental power into the other's head without wrapping the soldier's body, wrapping the chip and using his ability in an instant.

It is Gu Huai’s long-term opportunity to use “equivalent exchange”.

Only when he first started on the abandoned planet, Gu Huai used this ability in order to solve the embarrassing situation of just wearing a shell and not wearing clothes, and to make an umbrella that allowed the Tucker to be protected from the rain.

After being taken back to Thur Star by Yalves, Gu Huai did not have the opportunity to use this ability again, because the Zerg had put all his needs from the beginning to his eyes.

The Star Alliance agreed to let Gu Huai go to do this, so Gu Huai went to the prison again. This time he went directly into the compartment. The reformed soldier who tried to attack him was suppressed by Yalves and could not move.

Gu Huai squinted, the black eye that was originally a circular pupil switched to a golden mullion, and then he reached out and put his finger on the soldier's forehead.

Gu Huai began to explore his spiritual strength.

The accuracy of mental control is slightly insufficient. It is not the chip that is scrapped first, but the brain of the soldier.

But obviously, Gu Huai will not fail. Nowadays, in the application of mental power, no one in the entire interstellar can compare with him.

Gu Huai accurately found his goal, wrapped his goal with mental strength, and Gu Huai launched his ability.

Replacing this chip with other objects of the same size, when Gu Huai regained his mental strength, it proved that the eyes of the reformed soldiers suppressed by Yalves were obviously changed from sluggish state, and the expression on his face was a panic about his current situation.

"After doing an operation to take out that piece of things, it should be completely okay." Gu Huai looked at the other side.

As soon as the voice fell, Gu Huai soon felt a slight dizziness.

I don't know why, the integration period has passed, and Gu Huai's power is obviously more comfortable to use, but it will be a little uncomfortable after using power every time.

And since I had fainted because of the severe pain, Gu Huai has been faintly feeling a little pain since he was well.

However, seeing the medical team can't check anything, Gu Huai did not mention it. This feeling is still not painful. If it is not serious, it will not be said to worry about the surrounding Zerg.

When Yahweh showed an uncomfortable state, he immediately took the man, and his handsome face looked dull.

Gu Huai leaned on the arms of Yalves, and it was much better soon after he had slowed down for a little while. He looked up and saw the expression of this big cat, and coughed softly. Gu Huai said, "Nothing, don't worry. ”

The response of Yalves was to hang down, and Gu Huai saw that he had to kiss each other.

Using this method is much more effective than words, and Yalves's products are slightly slower.

This big cat is still very good, Gu Huai thought.

What happened to the surgery was handled by Xingmeng, and Gu Huai brought such breakthrough progress to them. The Star Alliance also owed the Zerg a human condition.

"When the soldier is awake, he should be able to ask a lot from his mouth." After saying this, the senior staff of Xingmeng expressed gratitude to Gu Huai.

"It's not human." Gu Huai's eyes were calm and smiled. "For the common enemy, this is cooperation."

The engineer who had undergone surgery wakes up and accepts a detailed inquiry from the Star Alliance Task Force. In the state of lucidity and willingness, the reconstructed soldier will provide his memory image to the Star Alliance.

Through this memory image, Star Alliance finally grasped the plan and whereabouts of Gavin for the first time.

For Gavin, the group of modified soldiers with the control chip was much easier to control than the original Gray Tower soldiers. The other party established a complete stronghold in the gray area that the Star Alliance could not govern.

For the Star Alliance, which has been chasing Gavin for so many years and was almost designed by the other party to use the "comet" to blow up the headquarters, the first idea now is to give the other party a pot.

The gray area should also be partially cleared, and the top leaders of the Star Alliance unanimously passed the resolution.

This is the case of other people’s nests. Since it is said to be cooperation, the Zerg will cooperate with the Star Alliance Army this time.

The two armies completely surrounded the strongholds built by Gavin with a terrible number of warships. This stronghold is a large-scale, occupying a whole planet, but this is still worth noting for the joint army of the Star Alliance and the Zerg. .

Gavin is on the planet.

Soldiers who have been transformed and controlled by chips are innocent, but in this war, there will inevitably be casualties. The Star Alliance can only adopt combat plans that minimize the number of casualties.

Soldiers who can survive will be helped by Gu Huai to get rid of their control.

Originally planned like this, but after actually reaching this stronghold, facing the enemy warships controlled by these modified soldiers, Gu Huai said to the Star Alliance that there is no need to attack.

Then Gu Huai made an action that was very difficult even for him.

Gu Huai divides his mental power into countless copies and then explores the control chips that exist in the brains of these modified soldiers.

Gu Huai's spiritual link can accurately find every Zerg, which is his natural ability, but for people outside the Zerg, his mental power is too difficult to find the target accurately when the two sides are not face to face.

This kind of thing is completely impossible for others.

Gu Huai is now looking for a target based on his life reaction. It is difficult to lock all target objects in a very short time, but he still does.

In this case, it is even more difficult to use the mental power of the exploration to wrap the control chip of each soldier and to launch the ability.

At the moment, Gu Huai’s eyes are like the golden erects that can be compared with the Japanese wheels. In the next moment, the golden dragons burned like the burning sun, and all the things that Gu Huai thought were needed to be removed.

"Yes." Gu Huai said after withdrawing his mental strength.

The Star Alliance personnel who received the words of Gu Huai were all in a state of being dull and shocked. They did not need to face each other to be able to launch their abilities, and they solved the problem of an entire army at once.

What level of horror mentality can this be done? !

This is no longer a problem for Star Alliance personnel. It is a miracle...!

To use this level of power, and to complete such a difficult move, the burden on Gu Huai is not small. Therefore, at the moment when the ability stopped, Gu Huai’s eyes immediately turned back to the original black, and his face was a little bit pale.

Gu Huai felt the long-lost sleepiness.

"Your Majesty!" Gu Huai's situation is too obvious, the Zerg in this battleship suddenly noticed.

Gu Huai was slammed into the rest cabin by Arvis. The original Yula warship did not have such a facility as the rest cabin. The Zerg soldiers had a very low demand for sleep because Gu Huai added such a room.

The control chips for the transformation of the soldiers have been lifted. As a result, there is basically no suspense in this battle. Their enemies should only have one more text. Now, if you go to the planet to arrest people, you can end the operation.

Of course, the joint forces of the Star Alliance and the Zerg are very cautious, and they still send a considerable amount of ground troops.

In the battleship where Gu Huai is located, the Zerg are holding a smoldering fire.

The man named Gavin tried to hurt their king, but now they have made their king so hard, and which crime is enough for them to tear the other side directly several times.

Gu Huai is definitely waiting to rest in the battleship, then the Zerg in the battleship to land on the planet and stay in the battleship is divided into two parts.

Yalves can't leave Gu Huai's side, and Ai's choice is also without hesitation.

"I also stay." Ai succinctly said.

At any time, even when it was safe to see, Ai did not dare to leave Gu Huai.

Simodo and Kapaliya made different choices.

In their view, the battleship was absolutely safe. The Yula warship was protected by so many other frigates, and two other regiments remained on the battleship.

Simodo did not hide his anger, and Kapaliya was cold as usual, and from her eyes, she could see the dissatisfaction.

Both of them want to screw the head of the person named Gavin, and it is best to unscrew it.

The ground forces of the Star Alliance and the Zerg landed on the planet, and when they searched for the target person, the young man in the white coat smiled at them.

As Aaron said, Gavin completely changed his external appearance and became nothing similar to the previous one.

This place is a huge research room, or a control room for some kind of device. Gavin is standing in front of the starter of this huge device when it is discovered by the soldiers.

"Working hard to find me, but my goal from the beginning has not changed." In the case that the people present were too late to stop, Gavin had pressed the start button of the device while speaking.

Things may only happen between a few tenths of a second, and a black hole appears in the back of Gavin, sucking him in just a moment.

The goal at the beginning...

Seeing that the person disappeared, Kapalia thought about the other person's sentence. At this time, there was a very bad feeling in the heart: "Your Majesty -"

In the Yula warship, which was protected by many frigates, because Gu Huai was sleepy and want to sleep after power consumption, all Zerg, including Yalves, stayed outside the room, leaving Gu Huai in absolute silence. The rest of the environment.

While Gavin started the device, another identical black hole was opened next to Gu Huai.

For this matter, in theory, any Zerg has no time to react, because no one can think of someone who can lock Gu Huai from such a far position, and the opening and closing of this black hole only occurs in less than one second.

Even Arvis, from his perception of energy fluctuations to teleports into the room is too late.

But there is only one exception.

"king--!"

With a few seconds of predictive ability, Ai Yi came to Gu Huai earlier than anyone else.

Ai grabbed Gu Huai and was dragged by an irresistible huge suction. The two of them were inhaled by the black hole next to them and disappeared into the room.



Chapter 77

Gavin often feels that he has made a mistake.

Compared with the old era of frequent wars, the peace of the new era made him feel dead, this era is both hypocritical and boring.

In the vast majority of peace-loving people of this era, Gavin knew that his psychological state would be considered abnormal, but he did not think so.

As long as this era changes, more and more people become the same mentality as him in the war, then he becomes a normal person who occupies the majority.

A madman is a different kind, but if everyone in the world is crazy, aren't they all normal people?

This idea prompted Gavin to begin to study something outside the allowable space of the interstellar law and to defect from the Star Alliance many years ago.

Even in times of peace, the world is not so beautiful in every corner. In the gray area that is not under the jurisdiction of the Star Alliance, everything can be bought with money.

Some organizations full of villains and criminals can drive them to do anything by paying enough money.

The most important thing about Gavin is money. Money is easy for him to get.

The creation of the Grey Tower Soldier and the Comet are both Gavin's purposeful acts. As expected, these Gray Tower soldiers will help him destroy the peace of the Stars.

There was nothing wrong with his expectations. The actions of these Gray Tower soldiers were as expected, until an unplanned person appeared.

——

After being inhaled by the black hole, Gu Huai and Ai went to a separate closed space.

This space is wrapped in a layer of invisible barrier, the eyes can not see the border, but can meet.

Gu Huai was lying in bed and didn't fall asleep. He was awake, but he and Ai were still sucked into a space by black holes.

The energy of this black hole is beyond the imagination of Gu Huai and Ai. The suction is completely irresistible, and the surrounding space is severely disturbed by this black hole. Gu Huai cannot carry Ai to carry out space transfer.

"Only two people, I thought that there will be more people coming in."

A strange voice rang in this strange space.

Before the sound appeared, Ai did not hesitate to attack the third person he saw in this space.

Regardless of whether it is an enemy or not, Ai first used his ability to completely ban the other party.

"Gavin?" Although the young man in front of him is completely different from the appearance in the data, Gu Huai still made this judgment.

The man who was restricted by the powers admitted frankly: "It is me."

Dressed in a white coat, the young man who was imprisoned by Ai with his ability looks like a handsome and gentleman from the outside. He is more like a scholar than a researcher.

If you look at the appearance alone, probably no one can see that the other party will actually be a person with antisocial personality and morbid psychology.

There is no threat in this alien space. Gu Huai looks at the man who is restricted by Ai, and tries to attack the invisible barrier that surrounds this space.

The barrier does not move.

There is no way to forcibly destroy this alien space, Gu Huai immediately realized this.

The ability to transfer space can be used, but the scope of the transfer is also limited to this different space.

"How to get out?" Gu Huai stunned Gavin's throat with mental energy, but it was not the extent that Gavin couldn't say it at all, just to make the other person feel uncomfortable.

As if it was stuck in the neck by an invisible hand, Gavinton had difficulty breathing: "Cough... no method."

Gu Huai's black eyes were replaced with golden erects again, and then his expression continued to increase his strength.

Before Gavin suffocated, Gu Huai only relaxed a little.

“Method?” Gu Huai’s look is as indifferent as he was in the period of power integration. “Don’t let me ask for the third time.”

Even though it has consumed a lot of power before this, Gu Huai’s ability is still not something that ordinary people can resist, and when dealing with the enemy, Gu Huai will not be soft.

Especially in this space, not only myself and the enemy, but also Ai.

Ai should have seen this black hole in advance with his predictive ability, and he will come over to him. The last thing Gu Huai wants to see is that the Zerg encounters bad things because of him.

"There is no way." Gavin coughed a few times. Even though he was on the verge of death, he showed an extremely calm attitude and calmed up almost a bit strange.

"This is a different space that cannot be destroyed. It is barely one of my research results." Gavin stated.

Why do you say that you are barely, because this alien space is not made by Gavin, he just found a way to enter this different space, that is, using the giant device seen by the ground forces to create a "black hole."

Black holes are the passage into this different space.

"You really have a very powerful force. If there is a perfect creation in this world, then it should be you." Gavin smiled. "You are born at the top of the pyramid of race, in me." It seems that your race is also the most superior race in the interstellar gene, and the Zerg gene once fascinated me."

Not only because of the power of the Zerg genes, but also because of the cold and plundering nature inherent in the Zerg genes, these natures are in line with Gavin’s hopes.

Gu Huai ignored the other party's words and said only: "If you don't have a way out, you are also trapped here."

Gavin is still smiling: "I didn't want to go out, I just came in to kill you."

As soon as the sentence was spoken, Gavin’s right hand was cut off by Ai.

Ai looked at the enemy coldly, the light-colored golden erect was covered with a thin layer of ice, and in his hand was a sword made with power.

As a Zerg from the Isadoro community, Ai does not like to fight with people, but this does not mean that he does not have this ability.

When Gavin's right hand was cut, Ay put the sword he held against Gavin's left hand, and the threat was very obvious.

It is only because this space is special, and the other party has the value of continuing to interrogate.

The painful feeling made Gavin whitish for a moment, and cold sweat on his forehead, but he did not make a sound because of the pain.

"As long as you die, all Zerg will definitely go crazy, and then they will destroy the entire interstellar. This is what I want to see." The body feels intense pain, but the spirit of Gavin is very excited, he said to him. This thing is full of fanaticism.

On the matter of the Grey Tower soldiers, Gu Huai’s appearance was indeed unexpected in Gavin’s case, and one of his serious arrangements was destroyed.

However, after knowing the existence of Gu Huai, the transformation of the soldiers was only a Yuxing program for Gavin, which was used to pass the time.

Even if the stronghold was not under siege, Gavin would start the giant device he had researched in the near future. As long as one condition is set, it is too easy to locate the black hole next to Gu Huai.

The most powerful individual in the interstellar.

Black holes can interfere with the surrounding space. Even those who are powerful enough can't escape and can only be brought to this different space.

Gavin said that this different space did not go out, this is the truth, but he still has another half sentence.

"This space will only trap us for about ten minutes." Gavin did not control the weapon next to his other hand, he looked at Gu Huai to say this.

The way to go out is because there is no need for a method, and it will automatically go out when the time is full. This is what Jiawen has tried several times.

ten minutes.

Gu Huai heard this time word, the next second is simply to use force to make Gavin's limbs fracture, first completely abolish the enemy's ability to act.

Although Gavin has been banned by Ai with his ability, but listening to the other words, Gu Huai still faintly feels that something is wrong.

The ability to act was completely deprived, and Gavin’s eyes were like a pool of stagnant water. In this dead water, there was a ghostly look: “As you can see, I am a very weak person, not as powerful as you are. ""

"but I……"

Without waiting for Gavin to finish this sentence, Ai’s pupil suddenly shrank sharply at this moment, and he immediately withdrew to Gu Huai’s side.

In this very short time, about a second or two seconds, Iyi recalled the premonition dream he had made.

What a dream is that...

In front of it is a glare of white light that can engulf all colors, which can almost stab the eyes more violently than the sea at high tide, and completely immerse Ai's vision in a moment.

With a loud blast in the tympanic membrane for a second, his hearing ability suddenly disappeared, and the world became absolutely silent.

At the moment before being drowned by this glaring white light, he turned his body back to its most primitive form—a body that was as large as a warship, with a steel-like hard scale on the surface, and a pale gold sterling eye. Great alien creature.

The original form of the Zerg is the strongest form of the Zerg's defense.

The attack that needs to be defended in this form undoubtedly shows that this attack has a devastating blow.

At this time, on the retina of this alien creature, a figure that is not so clear is reflected.

Ai was not able to see what the other person looked like in this dream. He only knew that he was a young man with black hair.

Then Ai looked at himself as a huge creature and protected the young man under his body.

The light completely drowned him, and the dream came to an abrupt end.

The actual time will not stop. When Ai retreated to Gu Huai, Gavin had already said his words completely.

"But I have transformed part of my body into a 'comet star'."

Even if he was killed, he would start on his own, and Gavin unilaterally determined the results from the beginning.

Then what happened was exactly the same scene as Ai's dream.

Striking white light, roaring loud noise...

And Ai also made the exact choice in this dream.

In fact, when I just woke up this premonition dream, Iyi couldn't understand why I was willing to die for a person in this dream.

I don't understand why I feel so happy and happy when I face death.

But when I saw Gu Huai for the first time, Ai understood.

His joy is because...

It is because he protects the people who are most important to him.

In the ruinous white light that filled the space for a moment, the huge alien creature that guarded the important treasures did not move at all. The huge body was like a steel fortress with incomparable strength.

Only in the process, its eyes gradually lost their light.



Chapter 78

The time before the eyes lose their light seems to be walking very slowly. Every second is stretched indefinitely. The advancement of the second hand is like a sudden slowdown of several times, and it is delayed to advance one space.

Ai thought of many things during this extended time.

The role of predictive ability is to know in advance what is happening in the future, and then use it or circumvent it.

Ai has always used his predictive power to fight in this way.

Being able to foresee the future a few seconds later, this makes Ay very calm in the face of any battle, because all the actions of the enemy are known to him.

This talent is unique in the entire Zerg and even the interstellar, an ability that will make the enemy feel fearful.

Even if the usual predictive ability can only predict the next few seconds, this is enough for Ai, he does not need to worry about the known things.

But when I first saw Gu Huai from Ai, knowing what he had seen in the dream of knowing, and why he had the kind of joy and happiness in the face of death, he suddenly felt the fear. .

This fear is not to fear one's own death, but to fear that this future will change because of his "known."

For Ai, the future can be changed, so he always worried about what he was doing inadvertently and would change this known future.

Every day, every day is deeply feared in my heart...

The scenes seen from the premonition dreams can't confirm where the things happened, and it's hard to know when things happened. There are too many unknowns. He just saw a result in advance.

Knowing that Gu Huai will encounter a dangerous situation that threatens life in the future, Ai is concealed and does not say anything to anyone.

If he tells others what he or she knows, there may be changes in the future, but no one can guarantee that the change must be in the right direction.

Suppose that his foreseeable future changes, and that the person who becomes dead is not him, but Gu Huai, then Ai can never forgive himself.

Even if this result is a probability of one in a billion, Ayi does not want to gamble.

So everything just needs to be developed in the original direction.

Obviously, it is a future that we have to face death. Ai is more afraid than anyone else. This future cannot come as expected.

Until now, he can finally stop growing fear.

The slow-moving second hand finally pushed forward a small space. In the loud banging and excessively fierce blasting bombing that could break the tympanic membrane, the huge alien creature that was submerged by white light appeared as deep as the hard shell of iron. crack.

Zerg soldiers will ignore the pain.

The smashing traces almost fill the entire body in an instant, and the hugely shaped creature's defense against the extremely strong body is inevitably severely damaged.

king……

Ai passed his voice with consciousness.

I should only have time to say the last sentence, but Ai did not think about what to say for a while.

I want to explain the snowman in the winter.

Although he is not there, he also hopes to have a snowman that Gu Huai gave him. I don't know if I can.

I also want to say that I see flowers in Tuse Star.

If Gu Huai piled up a snowman on his behalf in the winter, the snowman could see the flowers in the winter of Tuse Star, and that was what he saw.

When thinking, time seems to return from normal to slow, and the second hand quickly advances one more.

So no matter which sentence is too late to say.

The glare of the devastating white light spread to the extreme, and at the moment of reaching the pole, such as the moment of alternating between day and night, the light disappeared like the sea water instantly ebb.

The whole process was just a matter of just a few seconds. Gu Huai, who was protected by Ai in its original form, widened his eyes when he heard the sound that was transmitted. The golden erect was still shrinking sharply.

But Gu Huai can't move.

He can't move at this time, otherwise everything that Ai does has no meaning.

Until the energy fluctuations around him disappeared, Gu Huai went out from the position protected by Ai.

In this closed space, Gavin is no longer there. The power of "The Comet" makes him unable to leave even the bones. Perhaps the body has become a powder.

When Gu Huai went out, he did not pay attention to anything else. His eyes were on the huge creatures in front of him. When he saw the smashing marks on the body of this huge body, Gu Huai’s throat was instantly blocked.

The sore throat felt so that Gu Huai could barely speak at this time. He reached out and touched the body of this huge creature: "Ai...?"

"咔-"

The sound of a broken object.

In the position touched by Gu Huai, this large creature has a solid defense body that collapses and the touched part begins to powder after the cracking sound is emitted.

Gu Huai’s extremely tight string in his heart suddenly broke off in this second, his mind suddenly disappeared, and then the force ran away in an instant, uncontrollably erupting blindly.

Gu Huai always wants to see the Zerg encounter bad things because of him, let alone die for him.

Why is this happening?

Gu Huaiyu looked at the body position in front of his huge creature, which was pulverized. The creature that was faintly dimmed would not move, and the body covered with smash marks continued to collapse due to gradual collapse. It creaked.

"Don't..." Gu Huai's voice can hear the trembling.

Don't break down anymore -

The heart has a kind of pain that is pinched, and the foreground of the eye makes Gu Huai feel breathless.

Is there any way to change this?

The chaotic emotions influence thinking, and before I can't breathe completely, Gu Huai finds a possibility.

If it is the ability to use "equivalent exchange"...?

The idea emerged, Gu Huai did not hesitate for a second, he paid a part of his vitality.

To do this before Ai’s body completely collapses, there is a possibility of salvation.

Although it is only a trace of possibility.

Part of the vitality is greater than the burden of excessive power consumption. Gu Huai did not see the result, and his consciousness temporarily fell into darkness at the moment when his ability stopped.

It takes ten minutes for the different space to send out the people in the space. In these ten minutes, the Zerg became extremely nervous because of the disappearance of Gu Huai and Ai.

In the rest cabin, Yalves's expression was quite scary.

Gu Huai disappeared into a place he could not see. This feeling of losing important treasures made Yalves want to destroy all the things around him.

He has no protection...

The nerves are irritated, as if another deeper and painful experience has been opened, earlier and earlier...not in the memory of Yalves, but he still remembers this same a feeling of.

Regardless of whether Gu Huai is in any place in the interstellar space, he should be able to tell the Zerg with his spiritual link, but they did not receive the spiritual link of Gu Huai, so the Zerg are more confused.

The search has already begun, and Jarvis has lost his reason almost for a long time in such a stimulating wait.

The creases contracted more and more, and before the face of Yalves was completely frozen, a black hole appeared in the same position in the room.

From this black hole, a figure was sent out, and Yalves instantly caught people.

The person who was sent out was Gu Huai, who was close to his eyes and was in a state of drowsiness caused by excessive power consumption and partial vitality.

Another energy fluctuation caused the other Zerg in the battleship to arrive immediately. They saw Gu Huai, who lost consciousness, but his heart was still a little relaxed.

But there is still one person who has not returned.

"What about Ai?...?"

There were two people who had been inhaled by the black hole before, but now they only came back one. The zerg was suddenly aware of something, but they still couldn’t believe it.

Ai is one of the four heads of their race and one of the only four a zergs, how could it be -

But no matter how incredible this matter is, this is the case in front of these Zerg soldiers.

If this black hole will send people back to their original position, then Ai will not return, it means that the other party is gone.

"Wait a minute, the one you are holding is..." A Zerg soldier suddenly said.

The words of the soldier allowed the Zerg in the field to put their eyes on Gu Huai’s arms.

Then they all saw that a gray cub was resting quietly on Gu Huai.


Chapter 79

The follow-up work of this operation was completed by the Star Alliance. The planet's stronghold was occupied by the Star Alliance. The Star Alliance's army cleaned up the gray area.

The situation of Gu Huai made the Zerg unconscious of these things. They took their own fleet and returned to Tuse Star from this star field.

In the bed in the room, Gu Huai had been sleeping for a day, and when she came back from another star field, Gu Huai slept for several days.

There was a gray cub on the pillow next to Gu Huai, and the egg lay quietly there, and the light gray eggshell looked shiny in the day.

Yalves has been at the bedside, and since the beginning, he has remained expressionless in this state.

Gu Huai only woke up on the sixth day. Just woke up and opened his eyes. His first sentence asked: "Is Ai still okay? Did he come back with me?"

This question made Yalves unable to answer immediately. In the current state of Ai, it is difficult to define whether it is good or not, and I don't know if this can be counted back together.

The short silence of Yalves made Gu Huai squint, and his eyes were almost reddish almost immediately.

"Here." Yalves picked up his lips and took the gray baby egg lying quietly next to the pillow, and handed it to Gu Huai.

Gu Huai saw this young egg licking: "This is... Ai?"

"Yeah." Yalves had a single tone.

"Ahuai." Yalves said with a low voice, "Don't cry."

Listening to Yalves, Gu Huacai reacted that his face was a little wet, and Yalves leaned down and kissed the wet place on his cheek.

"In the future, I will not leave you at any time." If you don't do this, Arvis can't feel at ease.

Gu Huai raised his hand and wiped his eyes. He hugged the gray baby quail egg that Arvis handed over with both hands.

The ability to exchange equivalence, he splits part of his vitality, plus Ai’s own body, becomes this young egg...

Gu Huai reached out and touched the gray cub, and through his mental power, he perceived the life reaction of this young quail egg.

It is a very vigorous life reaction, this is a very healthy baby quail egg.

"Must be born healthy." Gu Huai said to this young quail egg.

Although it has become a young quail, I don’t know what will happen in the future, but Ai’s life has not completely disappeared. In this way, Gu Huai has been very grateful and grateful.

The young eggs can't respond to Gu Huai. This gray cub is quietly in Gu Huai's hand, but after Gu Huai finished this sentence, there is a moment, the life reaction of this young quail egg. It seems to be more active, like a silent response to Gu Huai.

Gu Huai squinted again, and suddenly there was a feeling of tears because of the touch.

Gu Huai carefully put this young quail egg back on the pillow. He raised his eyes and saw that Arvis still stood still at the bed and looked at him. He finally realized the state of the big cat and Usually not the same.

"How long have I slept?" Gu Huai asked with a head.

Yalves truthfully stated: "Five days."

Gu Huai immediately responded: "You have been with me all the time, have you not gone?"

"Yeah." Yalves responded.

From the expression, Yalves can't see any special emotions, still giving people a cold and faint feeling, but when he looks at Gu Huai, he reveals more obvious attachments than before.

If you look at it, you won't be able to look away. Yalves is very lacking in peace of mind.

It means that I have not left in one step, and I have not even eaten or sleeping.

Understood this point, Gu Huai took the hand of Arvis and said, "I am hungry."

"I haven't eaten for five days, I am very hungry." Gu Huai reiterated it again.

Gu Huai’s words made Yalves act immediately, but he did not leave the room, just let his adjutant go to prepare food.

Yalves's instructions also let other Zerg know that Gu Huai woke up. They all came to the room, and they were all cautious, almost afraid to make any noise, worried that they would alarm Gu Huai's emotions.

The king is very gentle to them and attaches great importance to them. Because of this, Ai's business will definitely make Gu Huai very sad.

"Your Majesty, do you feel okay? Is there any uncomfortable body?" Kapaliya slowed down and asked.

The Zerg, headed by Kapaliya and Simodo, is most concerned about this issue.

Gu Huai’s attention to the surrounding Zerg quickly replied quickly: “Well, I’m fine, I’ve already rested.”

The consumption of mental energy quickly recovered after a few days of sleep, but Gu Huai’s current body still has some weakness that is not revealed on the surface, which is the result of his separation of his vitality.

Regarding the fact that he used his ability to exchange part of his vitality to Ai, Gu Huai did not intend to say to his own Zerg, saying that it would increase their fears, and Gu Huai felt that it was unnecessary.

The Zerg is a race with strong self-evolutionary ability. Vitality has become stronger than other races in constant genetic evolution. Gu Huai believes that this result he can bear.

The food was soon ready to be delivered, and a mobile dining table was set up by the bed.

But Gu Huai did not start eating right away, but looked at Yalves and said, "You will accompany me to eat."

Knowing that this big cat has been there for so many days, he did not go anywhere. Gu Huai thought this way to let the other party eat. If Gu Huai directly said that Yalves would leave to rest, Yalves would definitely not go.

For the Zerg, five days without eating anything and not sleeping have no effect on the body function, but Gu Huai does not want to see Yalves because he has become this state.

Yalves did not respond, but he obeyed Gu Huai's request for him.

After eating almost, Gu Huai picked up the gray baby egg next to the pillow and said to the chief of staff: "Can you build a small insulation room in my room?"

"It's winter now, I'm worried that if the weather is too cold, it will make this young quail egg uncomfortable, or it will be better to have a heat preservation room." Gu Huai said his consideration.

The zerg's young eggs are very strong and not as fragile as other races, but the chief of staff should immediately be down at this time: "The subordinates now confess."

Gu Huai’s room was very large, and the insulation room was quickly built in the room. Gu Huai hugged the baby eggs.

Now woke up, Gu Huai also had to contact the Star Alliance to explain the matter about Gavin.

Facing the communication image, Gu Huai said to the Star Alliance personnel who appeared in the image: "Gavin transformed a part of his body into a 'comet star'. In the different space that was brought in by the black hole, he self-destructed. You can confirm his registration and die."

This sentence reveals too much information, and it is difficult to digest it at the time.

Gavin is dead, the thorns stuck in the heart of the Star Alliance are gone, and the Star Alliance is of course very happy, but they are a bit difficult to face the Zerg.

The power of "The Comet" is known to all, and the Star Alliance personnel know it, but it is a terrorist weapon that almost blows up half of the planet where their Star Alliance headquarters is located.

Now that the Zerg king and a regiment have suffered so much damage because of assisting them, the Star Alliance’s affliction to the Zerg is not as simple as human feelings.

After contacting the Star Alliance, after the communication image was closed, Gu Huai went to pull the tail of Yalves next to him.

I took the initiative to put this tail on my body. Gu Huai smiled at Yalves's bent eyes. "I am a little scared. You circle me, I will feel a little more secure."

After Gu Huai finished, Arvis tightened the silver-gray tail that circled him and hugged him into his arms.

Gu Huai calmly calmed the other side. After Yalves took Gu Huai’s body in earnest, the inner sense of insecurity finally faded a little.

In the next few days, Gu Huai, in addition to going to see the young eggs every day, is to appease Yalves.

Since this incident, this big cat has become particularly sticky. It used to be the state that Gu Huai went all the way. Now it is all the occasional cancellation.

It is the kind that goes to the bathroom and bathroom with Gu Huai.

Gu Huai felt that it was not the case that Yalves had always been too nervous, so one day he gave up the "bathroom" option.

It is also conceivable that what will happen at this location, Gu Huai is forced to back against the wall, and it is difficult to suppress his voice.

Gu Huai paid so much effort, after this disharmonious thing, the state of Yalves was not so tight.

Gu Huai is looking forward to the birth of the baby eggs in the insulation room every day, but after a few months, the young eggs are still showing vitality, but there is no sign of breaking the shell.

However, the volume of this young quail egg has changed, from the size of the volleyball to several times larger.

This situation is not normal. Normally, the volume of young quail eggs will not change.

This situation of Ai and Gu Huai was quite like at the beginning. The young quail egg that gave birth to Gu Huai was also very huge. Gu Huai was born in the adulthood until he was born.

However, the gray juvenile quail eggs in the incubator only grew a few times and then stopped growing, and then there was no change.

"It must be born." Gu Huai routinely went to the insulation room to touch the young quail egg, and encouraged him with warmth. "It is spring now, and it will be summer again in a month. These two seasons are very warm. Suitable for the season when new life is born."

Although the waiting time seems to be a little longer, Gu Huai is not disappointed.

This young quail egg has an active vitality and will respond to his words. This is proof of hope.

One year passed quickly. During the steady operation of Tuse Star, the planet soon ushered in the next winter.

This year, the first snow of Tuse Star was particularly early.

It was not long before Tussex had just entered the winter. A snow wrapped in silver for the planet fell, and it was in the morning. The trees in the courtyard of the mansion were quickly loaded with white snow, and the ground gradually became a snow.

As if it was sensed, when the first piece of snow in the sky of Thur Star fell, the young egg that had been quiet in the insulation room finally had a different movement.

"Kacha-"

It was a crisp sound, and there was a crack in the eggshell of this gray baby quail egg.

At this time, Gu Huai was staying in the living room on the first floor of the mansion. He looked at the courtyard where the snow was constantly falling.

The snow should stop at noon. After stopping, the snow on the ground can be used to build a snowman.

Gu Huai thought that he said last winter that this year he would also give Yalves a few snowmen to build a snowman. At that time, Ai told him that he would pile up with him tomorrow.

"Go to the snowman in the afternoon, when we help Ai also pile up one." Gu Huai sat on the sofa and looked up to Kapaliya standing not far away.

Kapaliya will of course nod her head, but before she spoke, she suddenly heard a Zerg with a clearly screaming voice: "Ai Daren--!"

Gu Huaiyi quickly looked into the direction that the Zerg soldier was looking at. Later, he saw a very delicate look, with a pair of extremely light golden plaques with a pair of curved horns on his head. There are two light gray faces... children.

From the appearance, it looks like it is five or six years old.

The Zerg does not have such a young form, but according to various characteristics, Gu Huai still recognizes each other.

"Ai!" Gu Huai was both surprised and surprised by the situation.

Not waiting for Huaihua to have any movements, this Zerg cub, who is in a humanoid form, but no doubt in his infancy, immediately approached Gu Huai when he saw Gu Huai.

Everything around is unfamiliar, but when he sees Gu Huai, Ai knows that he wants to pass by the other side.

"Wang." Immediately after approaching Gu Huai, Ai subconsciously called it.

Memory is a blank space for new students, and Ai's own name is temporarily unrecognizable.

But Ai still remembers, deeply remembered in the subconscious, this person seems to be in danger before him, and he wants to protect each other.

Gu Huai saw Ai’s reaction and paused. He asked: “Remember the old things?”

The young Ai looked at Gu Huai, the light-colored light gold erect was as clear as the cleanest spring, and he shook his head.

"It doesn't matter if you don't remember." Gu Huai touched each other's hair. "Your name is Ai, the name is to be remembered."

If the previous memories of getting along are gone, they can re-establish new ones.

"Want to make a snowman?" Gu Huai asked.

Make a snowman……

Ai’s mind seemed to skip a certain fuzzy memory for a moment. He couldn’t remember the specifics, but it seemed to be related to the snowman.

It seems that he is also because of this matter, when he arrives this winter, he is so desperate to want to be born.

Because there is a very important agreement this winter, there is a gift that cannot be missed.



Chapter 80

The number of snowmen piled up in the courtyard this year is the same as last year.

Although I did not have a specific memory of the snowman, but after being brought to the snow by Gu Huai, he naturally knew what he was going to do.

It is to make two big and one small snowballs with the snow on the ground, and then stack the small ones on the big ones.

"This is even a pile." Gu Huai looked at the snowman he had piled up with Ai, and bent on the side of Ai, who was still young.

Ai in adulthood seems to be cold and expensive, and his face in childhood is particularly attractive, and it is certainly the most pleasing kind among a group of children.

With such a delicate little face, when Ai saw Gu Huai's slightly bent his eyes, he couldn't help but show a shallow smile, and the pale gold erected brightened.

The snowman was very happy. I was very happy to see Gu Huai’s smiling face. Ai thought so.

Ai's appearance in the humanoid form is in his infancy, which surprised all Zerg, but he quickly accepted this fact.

Gu Huai did not know whether Ai would grow up in this infancy, but he felt that this thing would be natural.

For this result, Gu Huai is already happy and satisfied.

“Tusher’s winter seems to be particularly warm this winter?” Gu Huai looked at the many snowmen piled up in the courtyard and suddenly felt this way.

The wind is not blowing, even the snow is like gentle, the temperature does not seem so cold in the winter of previous years.

The Zerg who heard Gu Huai’s voice thought about this issue.

The change of the season has no effect on the Zerg, and they have never paid much attention to it. However, Gu Huai said that they saw that the little snowman who was being safely protected by many big snowmen in the most central position had a similar feeling.

"Yes." Capalia said with a beside.

Since the incident of Gavin, the Star Alliance has ceased to allow the existence of the gray area in the interstellar.

It is very difficult to clean up areas that are not under the jurisdiction of the Star Alliance, but with the help of the leaders of the Star Alliance and the participation of various ethnic groups, these gray areas are gradually establishing the proper order.

Order is the foundation of peace, the order in the interstellar becomes more complete, and the entire interstellar environment has certainly become more peaceful than before, and the frequency of star thieves has decreased a lot.

For the interstellar peace, the Zerg is now very happy to see it, because there will be no unexpected events to affect and bother them.

They must concentrate on how to improve the soil of Thurstar and plant flowers on their own planet.

Not only the Zerg on the Thur Star, but all Zerg are full of enthusiasm for this matter, and each attitude is very positive.

In addition to knowing that Gu Huai likes to spend this reason, it is because this is the birth gift they want to give to Gu Huai.

For this plan, the Zerg will now buy all kinds of flowers from these races when they trade with ethnic groups that have established diplomatic relations.

For a time, the impressions of the various families of the Stars on the Zerg were born in the direction of the ‘family of flowers.’

It turns out that when the Zerg is also a soft-hearted favorite of something purely ornamental, people of all ethnic groups think so.

The flower species purchased cannot be used right away, and the Zerg put the flowers in the first place. The tops of Tusestar plan ahead the planting area on the planet.

It is better to see what kind of flowers are to be planted around the residence of Gu Huai. The chief of staff, such as the chief of staff, has not yet discussed a result at the meeting.

In each of the following years, Tusestar's soil improvement plan continued to advance, and the Zerg overall developed steadily, and the number of races that successfully established diplomatic relations was increasing.

By the seventh year, the Zerg can be said to be widely recognized in the interstellar.

So in this year, humans finally took the initiative to send a friendly signal to the Zerg.

The two races that have always been considered to be deadly enemies have become less and less frictionary in the new era. At a time when they feel appropriate, humans have chosen to take a step forward.

"The Earth Federation sent you an invitation to talk. The location is on a third-party planet. Do you want to accept it?" The chief of staff stood by Gu Huai to report the matter.

As soon as the words were finished, the chief of staff paused and said: "But this third-party planet is a bit far from Tuse Star. It will be a little tired for long journeys. It is also thought that the head of the army can come out..."

I don't know why, Gu Huai is always tired in recent years, and his sleep time is much longer than before. Also considering this matter, the Chief of Staff will say so now.

Gu Huai shook his head: "If this meeting is not for me, I will be insincere."

Sincerely, it is important to have the comfort of the king. Although the chief of staff thinks so, but Gu Huai has shaken his head, he will only obey the choice of Gu Huai.

"You replied to me, change the venue of the talks to Earth." Gu Huai said to the chief of staff.

Human beings set the venue for the third-party planet in order to avoid any concerns on their side, but Gu Huai did not have any concerns.

It has nothing to do with trust or not. It is only in the current situation of the interstellar world that it is impossible for human beings to do anything bad at this meeting. This is of no benefit to human beings.

At the same time, Gu Huai is confident and able to cope with any unexpected situation.

"Earth...?" The chief of staff could not help but repeat it.

Gu Huai light dagger: "Well."

It’s been a long time since I saw the Earth. Gu Huai is also very interested in what it is like in the interstellar era. This time, just the opportunity to talk about it can be seen in the past.

The Chief of Staff responded: "Okay, my subordinates understand."

As soon as the chief of staff left, Gu Huai blinked and the brain could not help but feel a little sleepy.

Since the integration of strength seven years ago, Gu Huai has been able to feel the pain of the body, but the pain at that time is still very slight, can be ignored, but the more the feeling of pain later The more obvious it is.

It’s easy to get sleepy and want to sleep.

Later, Gu Huai exchanged part of his vitality to Ai. This thing is like a fuse, which makes the two bad states of Gu Huai's body deeper.

When sleepy and asleep, Gu Huai would not feel the pain, because in this way, Gu Hua sometimes felt that this feeling of fatigue may be the protective mechanism of his body due to pain.

However, Gu Huai also remembered the "rules" and "world will" that he encountered in a moment when he entered the coma during the integration period.

Because his soul does not belong to this world, the particularity of his existence is concerned by both.

This matter will have an impact on him. Gu Huai was actually avoiding thinking, because it was useless. However, Gu Huai now vaguely guessed that the abnormality he could not check out was probably related to this.

But if this is the case, then Gu Huai has no way to deal with it, only one step at a time.

It’s just a little painful, and the pain in the body is more obvious than before, but it’s also affordable. Sleeping time is a little longer and the impact is not too great.

"Sleepy..." Gu Huai whispered, and the body was very simple and went straight to the side of Yalves.

Yalves skillfully caught the man and let Gu Huai lean on him. Gu Huai quickly narrowed his eyes in this comfortable position, and he could immediately fall asleep.

Yalves did not go anywhere else. He lay down on this sofa and let Gu Huai squat on him.

Then Arvis circled Gu Huai's body with his tail to fix the position, and then extended the silver wing from behind to wrap the Gu Huai, blocking the outside light and creating a good sleeping environment for Gu Huai.

In the dark space that was created, Yalves' eyes passed through this black gaze on Gu Huai's face. He could almost say that he gently patted Gu Huai's back and made Gu Huai fall asleep better.

But looking at the young black-haired youth who had already narrowed their eyes because of sleepiness, Yalves couldn't help but gently kiss Gu Huai's lips at such a close distance.

The warm and soft touch appears on the cheeks from time to time, and occasionally on the lips. Gu Huai takes a laissez-faire attitude.

After waiting for a while, Gu Huai suddenly heard a low voice that almost sounded in his ear.

"Hey."

Hearing this voice, Gu Huai tried to open his eyes that he was about to close completely. He fumbled in this dark environment and quickly took the initiative to kiss him on the lips of Arvis.

This big cat is too foul for him to come and go in the humanoid form. Gu Huai already knows that this voice has the meaning of asking for reward, and Gu Huai is also very happy to give Arvis every time. The response you want.

After all, this big cat is also easy to satisfy.

Sure enough, after the reward was reached, the silver-gray tail of the Yalves circle on Gu Huai was slightly moved, and the tip of the tail was quite uplifted. This is undoubtedly a happy mood. .

Gu Huai gradually fell asleep in the comfortable environment that Yalves created for him. When Gu Huai’s breathing became smooth and gentle, Arvis also closed his eyes and tried to sleep with him.

The appointment time for the talks soon came, and on this day, the Zerg’s fleet really set foot on Earth for the first time in the new era.

The Zerg fleet landed on Earth, and humans expressed a welcome attitude. This scene was placed in the top few of the most incredible events in the past.

It has changed from impossible to reality.

Gu Huai was greeted by the highest etiquette of the human side. In the sincerity and attitude of the talks, human beings could not pick a trace of the wrong, and the Zerg returned a similar level of friendship.

In 217, the Zerg and the human race, which were once deadly enemies, reached a settlement under the witness of the interstellar peoples, and both sides also established diplomacy.

This matter has important significance for both Zerg and human, as well as for the entire interstellar.

After the talks, Gu Huai did not rush to leave the Earth immediately. He planned to take a stroll on the planet that was strange and familiar to him.

And knowing that the Zerg is coming to the earth, Shen Mu and Hamer are very happy after receiving the news, and specially prepared a gift to tell the story.

Shen Mu and Hamer’s work in the military department is also very busy. There are not many opportunities to go to Thur Star in these seven years, but every time they talk about it, Gu Huai will be pitted by two of them in some way.

This time too.

A huge Tak zerg is close to Gu Huai, and the tip of the sharp forearm is hooking something. The Tektron worm brings it to the front of Gu Huai with the sharp forearm and then sends it out of the throat. Low humming.

Gu Huai took a hard look at what the thing was. He squatted and couldn’t help but pump his mouth.

This is... anti-lost bracelet?

Is there such a thing on Earth in the Star Age? ?

That's the kind, adults and children wear one on each hand, and there is a leash between the two bracelets to let go of the lost ring.

In the original world, Gu Huai sometimes saw the adults around him use this thing when bringing children out.

Gu Huai confronted the scarlet eyes of the Tak worm in front of him, and reluctantly put one of the bracelets on his hand.

Gu Huai's first-hand ring was put on, and the Tucker worms around him were obviously very happy. They all sent out a lower snoring from the throat than before.

The Tucker at the end of the traction line was very careful to hook the other bracelet, and the sharp forearm was lifted all the time.

Humans say that when they wear this thing to the cubs, the cubs they care for will not be lost.

Then they must always hold the cubs that they are cared for.



Chapter 81 

Humans and the Zerg shook hands and made a smooth diplomatic relationship. This news has been raging in the interstellar for several months before it stops.

Since the establishment of the alliance between the two sides, Shen Mu and Hamer have come to Tishus as a guest, and they have just been a lot of people. Now they will come over several times a year.

For Gu Huai, of course, he is very welcoming the two to Tuse Star. These two human generals have a good relationship with many Zerg on the Thur Star.

But Gu Huai thinks it would be better if the two did not always teach his family's Zerg some strange things.

Gu Huai, who has been smashed three times and five times, now sees two people coming to visit Thursey, and he can't help but have some unpredictable feelings.

Of course, these two human generals are not intentional. Sometimes they say something that they export, and they themselves did not expect to cause unexpected results.

In the second year after the establishment of diplomatic relations between the humans and the Zerg, the Zerg officially joined the Star Alliance under the resolution of the All-Star Conference.

This year is the 218th year of the new era. It is also from this year that there has been a hot discussion about the "Golden Age" on the Internet.

The Old Age was an era of frequent wars of various ethnic groups, and then entered a new era of relative peace, and the golden era that is now hotly debated refers to an era of development that is the best for all races in the interstellar.

In this era, all races in the Stars are thriving.

When the days are settled, the things that need to be handled by the people in the race become less, which allows Gu Huai to put all his energy into the plan of the low-level Zerg wisdom.

This plan, Gu Huai has actually started for a long time, he has been insisting on using spiritual links to guide the development of low-level Zerg wisdom.

Most races in the Stars know that the low-ranking Zerg in the Zerg does not have too much wisdom.

This is indeed true, but the wisdom of the lower-ranking Zerg is not incapable of evolving, but their own evolution is very slow and there has been a lack of a comfortable environment.

In the old era of frequent wars, low-ranking Zerg would only follow instincts to fight, and a low-ranking Zerg usually had a very short time from birth to death.

But now it is different. With a stable environment, Gu Huai can also use spiritual links to guide and speed up the development of low-level Zerg wisdom.

Ending the spiritual guidance of the day, Gu Huai was a little tired and leaned on the sofa.

Yalves used the tail to pass Gu Huai circle and let Gu Huai lean on him. He whispered: "The spiritual guidance can be changed into two days or several days. Ah Huai does not have to work so hard every day."

Gu Huai played the spirit of the starting point and shook his head gently: "It’s just that after you have finished guiding you will want to sleep, it’s not hard."

This matter is very important. He insists every day that the progress of the plan can be faster.

Gu Huai knows that his physical condition is not very good, and the body's unknown pain and sleepiness are sweeping away, making Gu Huai a little uncomfortable.

It was not serious at first, but it has been a long time since it has become a thing of the past.

However, this can be patient and persistent, and Gu Huai feels that he is still acceptable.

It turns out that persistence always has results. With the continuous efforts of Gu Huai, he finally let the lower-ranking Zerg in the race touch the ability of "language".

However, it is... The first words that the Tak Zerg people around have learned to make Gu Huai very helpless.

"No, it is Ahuai." Gu Huai tried to correct the Tak zerg in front of him. He pointed at himself and said with patience, "Come with me, A-Huai-"

But Gu Huai said that the Tucker worms around him had some head-down movements, and then looked at Gu Huai with the scarlet eyes of the tallest Tak worm in the first body, and made two syllables with a hoarse voice— -

"baby."

Gu Huai immediately blinked, and his heart was helpless.

These Tak worms could not detect the helplessness of Gu Huai at this time. Each of them carefully watched Gu Huai and then tried to learn the word "baby".

Baby is the meaning of a baby,

The two human beings who came to Thursey’s guest successfully transmitted this idea, and these Tucker worms are now stubbornly reluctant to change their mouths.

Humans will call the "baby" for the pets that are being loved. These Tucker worms hear two humans say so.

Then, conversely, only the unloved cubs will not use the term "baby".

Of course they are fond of Gu Huai, so be sure to call your baby.

"Hey." Looking at this scene, Hammer, who had been watching for a long time, couldn't help but laugh.

Hearing the laughter, Gu Huai silently moved his eyes.

When Gu Huai looked at it like this, Hamer suddenly smiled. He and Shen Mu coughed a few times: "Cough... You, don't be angry, we really didn't mean it."

As the culprit of Gu Huai being called "baby" by these Tak worms, both Shen Mu and Hamer are very promising.

"I'm not angry." Gu Huai returned.

Just feel helpless, in addition to being very helpless, there is actually a kind of emotion that is difficult to tell.

The first word that these Tak sects tried to learn was "baby". This term can be said that these Tak worms learned for him. Gu Huai felt that he might still be moved more.

Forget it.

Baby is baby, not corrected.

"Baby." The scarlet scorpion headed by the Tak Zerg focused on Gu Huai, and once again issued these two syllables to Gu Huai.

These Tak zergs obviously want to hear Gu Huai’s response.

Gu Huai squinted at the end, and finally, in a state of not too embarrassed, he said with a little vagueness: "... um."

Hearing the voice of Gu Huai, these Tucker worms were very happy at first, and they would make others feel that the fierce and terrible scarlet erect squats like a slight light.

Day after day, the Zerg and even the entire StarCraft are moving in a better direction. Almost everything is good, except that Gu Huai is more and more likely to feel sleepy.

From the beginning, the daily sleep time increased, but later in the daily activities can inadvertently fall asleep, Gu Huai's physical condition makes all Zerg are very worried.

"Hey... Did I sleep again, sorry... I didn't listen to what you were telling me." Gu Huai supported the support, the tiredness lingered, the strength of the waking up, and the constant Feeling pain.

Yalves did not speak, just kissed Gu Huai gently.

The medical team couldn't detect the abnormalities, and the abnormality of the body seemed to Gu Huai, just as his soul was rejected by the world.

Because he had touched the rules and will of the world in a very accidental moment, Gu Huai had this idea, and he felt that his guess was probably correct.

Every time I woke up, Gu Huai saw that Yalves was waiting for him. After the number of sleeps became frequent, Gu Huai pulled up the big cat after waking up. Wen Sheng said: "No need to do it every time. I am waiting for me to wake up."

Yalves did not speak, beautiful and cold, like the light golden squint of ice and snow, watching Gu Huai, silently expressed his attitude towards Gu Huai.

"In case I sleep for a long time, you can't always wait by the side." Gu Huai thought of his physical condition, he could not help but say to Yalves, "If I can't wake up for a long time, don't wait." ""

Yalves was no longer silent at this time, and he coveted: "You have to wait."

Yalves has always been obedient to Gu Huai, but in this matter, he has his own insistence.

If you wait, you will wait.

Although there is no relevant memory, Yalves always feels that he has seen Gu Huai very early and very early...when he met earlier than the first time he remembered.

It was only that Gu Huai disappeared quickly. He waited for a long time after that and finally waited again.

This is an idea without any basis, but Yalves still learns the meaning of waiting.

Gu Huai had no idea what to do with this stubborn big cat. He couldn't convince Arvis, and he was actually used to seeing each other waiting to wake up every time he woke up.

I have to say that this is actually very touching Gu Huai's heart. His love for Yalves is getting more and more uncontrolled every day.

This big cat is very, very cute.

"I like you the most." Gu Huai said one day to Arvis.

When he heard Gu Huai’s words, Yalves’s glimmer of light, he looked at Gu Huai’s eyes was extraordinarily simple, not a feeling of warm love, but it was bottomless.

Yalves said: "He only likes Ahuai."

This response made Gu Huai have nothing to say, only to slap his eyes.

Tusestar's soil improvement program has been steadily advancing over the years. Last year, the research team gave a good news that the soil testing in the experimental site was approaching benign.

All the zergs on the Tuse star were quite happy at the time, and the soil test at the test site approached benign, which meant that the test area might be able to produce good-looking flowers as long as it took some time.

In this case, they plan to give their own birth gift to formally start preparation.

And this year, the research team has a new good news.

“It’s a flower bud,” one researcher surprised.

It is very small and very young, and the stems and flower buds that come out of the soil are like accidental damage. But despite its fragility, it also shows a moving vitality.

Looking at this young flower bud, the zerg in the field shows the joy of joy.

"If you see this flower bud, your body may be better."

Originally, it was necessary to let Gu Huai see the result immediately, so a Zerg researcher carefully transferred the flower bud to the roots and carefully transferred it to a small pot. Then he handed the small flower pot to Yalves.

Yalves had been waiting for Gu Huai to wake up in the room. Now he took a small flower pot from his subordinates. He just carefully held the flower pot and continued to wait quietly at the bedside.

Gu Huai slept a little bit today, but Yalves will not bother each other before Gu Huai naturally wakes up.

The flower buds in the pots are very young, and even after growing up, they probably only grow a small flower.

Although it is still only a flower bud, even a small flower is not considered, Gu Huai should be happy.

Arvis thought this way, and he couldn't help but squint a little, looking like a large cat that was scratched his jaw.

It was only from noon until the evening, and Yalves still couldn't wait until Gu Huai woke up. Considering that Gu Huai needed to eat this, Arvis had to take the initiative to wake up Gu Huai.

Arvis put down the small flower pot he was holding, and he used his tail to lie in his bed and quietly sleep in the Huaihuan circle.

"Ahuai." Yalves' voice was very light.

The young black-haired youth who was sleeping was not responding, and Yalves was coveted and patiently continued to whisper.

But Gu Huai did not respond in any way, and Arvis finally felt uneasy at this time.

Gu Huai suddenly fell asleep and the incident caused the entire Zerg to almost blast the pot, and the time of Tuse’s star became crowded, because the Zerg who lived on other planets rushed over.

The reason why Gu Huai can't sleep can't be ascertained. No matter how good the medical team can only check the result of Gu Huai's physical health, Gu Huai's sleep is just like a normal sleep.

One year passed quickly, the young flower buds in the small pots finally opened a small yellow goose flower, and Yalves held the small flower pot and brought the yellow goose flower to the front of Gu Huai.

"Flower." Yalves sounded low.

Despite the unexpected response, Jarvis continued to hold the pot in front of Gu Huai for a while, quietly waiting for a while, and Yalves leaned down to kiss Gu Huai. cheek.

He will wait.

While waiting, the Zerg on the Tuse star is continuing to work hard.

The king just fell asleep for a while, and they have to give birth to the gift of their own king. They can't stop preparing, and they must work harder.

In this case, when Gu Huai wakes up, they can let Gu Huai see a flowery planet.



Chapter 82 

Gu Huai, who slept in the past, had the feeling that the soul was separated from the body and pulled back. This repulsive force made Gu Huai’s consciousness unable to return to the body.

Every plane world has its own rules and world will, and Gu Huai's soul does not belong to this world, so the "rules" of this world will exclude him.

The existence of Gu Huai is unreasonable for the world. The "rules" must maintain the order of the world, and it will automatically exclude or eliminate unreasonable things.

However, Gu Huai resisted this repulsive force. The enormous mental power made this rejection interfered, and thus deviated from the original plan.

Gu Huai only felt that his consciousness was lost for a moment, then he went to a strange place.

This is a run-down planet. The sky is gray-blue with a deep grayscale. The sky of this planet seems to be heavily polluted. At first glance, it only makes people feel as if there are clouds all over the place.

The ground is also ridiculous. The place where Gu Huai is located is almost a large piece of sandstone, and some abandoned buildings that have been covered by dust and sand after being destroyed.

It is a strange place, but Gu Huai carefully looked around for the next four weeks, but he has a familiar feeling about this place.

It’s a bit like...the abandoned planet he was waiting for when he was born in this world.

The scene was not the same as that of Gu Huai’s memory, but Gu Huai looked eastward and saw a place that was probably a grove.

This is in line with the scene in Gu Huai's memory. Most of the trees in this grove are dark lacquered Tamu trees.

And Gu Huai walked away in the direction of memory, and he saw a familiar cave.

This discovery made Gu Huai have to be awkward, knowing that this abandoned planet has been transformed by the Zerg a few years ago, and should not be what he is.

The Zerg felt that the planet born by Gu Huai should be a beautiful and beautiful place. Therefore, after taking Gu Huai back from the abandoned planet to Thur Star, they began to develop a plan for the development and transformation of this abandoned planet.

At the time of Gu Huai’s birthday, they gave Gu Huai a birthday present to the abandoned planet that had been initially developed and transformed.

But now the planet in front of Gu Huai is still a barren look, even more ridiculous than Gu Huai's original memory.

Although this is incredible, Gu Huai looked at his current state and felt that his state was more difficult to understand with common sense.

He doesn't even have an entity now. If he has to say something, it is probably the state of the soul.

For a while, Gu Huai did not know what to do in this state. Looking at the familiar cave entrance not far away, Gu Huai decided to go in and see.

Gu Huai walked into the dark cave. The structure of this cave is exactly the same as that in Gu Huai's memory.

Gu Huai walked on the road and quickly walked into the deepest part of the cave. In this place, Gu Huai saw two young, black and white, quietly close together.

It is the larva of the Zerg.

It was even more surprising than the abandoned planet that he had discovered before, and Gu Huai was completely stunned.

What happened next made Gu Huai unprepared. In the middle of the battle, Gu Huai heard the crisp sound of “Kacha”.

The sound that suddenly sounded in the stillness cave made Gu Huai immediately look up at the sound source, and then he saw a tiny crack on the eggshell of the black cub on the left.

"Hey, hey -"

The crack continued to expand with the sound, and the cub in the eggshell seemed to work hard to get out of it. Finally, when a more crisp sound rang, the eggshell of the young quail was completely broken.

From the black eggshell, which is still stained with egg liquid, a white fluffy cub with light golden erects is drilled out.

The body of this zerg cub is very round, and the light golden enamel is also round and round.

Only when the shell was born, this young child opened his eyes and saw the first sight of the world. It saw the most important thing for it.

Then instinctively go close.

"Yalvis?" Gu Huai looked at the little boy who was close to him. It was difficult to understand what it was.

In front of this baby, which was just born from the black clam, the shell should be Yalves, because the tail is still temporarily fluffy, and the hair is not fading into a cold silver-gray tail. This young child The look of 崽 is exactly the same as that of Yalves in the early years.

Gu Huai is now a state of soul, but this cub is like being able to see him.

In order to confirm this, Gu Huai went to the side to go somewhere, then looked at the cub: "Hey...?"

Almost as soon as Gu Huaigang moved, the cubs immediately followed.

It followed the past.

The cub, who had just been born with a broken shell, looked at the person who was very important to it with a round squint. The young cub carried his head and imitated Gu Huai’s voice and responded: "Hey, hey."

Gu Huai heard the cries of the cub, and suddenly opened his eyebrows.

And because I saw Gu Huai's slightly curved eye, Yalves once again imitated the same voice: "Hey!"

This cub is very close to Gu Huai, so when Gu Huai soft eyebrows, this cub leans its body against the back of Gu Huai.

But it can't really be close to it. This discovery made Yalves even more rounded out its sleek eyes. The small tail that is still in the fluffy state looks like it is unpleasantly shaken. a bit.

Unhappy, the reaction of the tail was originally from the childhood, this discovery makes Gu Huai involuntarily bend his mouth.

In order to take a look at this young cub, Gu Huai squatted down his body. Although he knew that he could not touch it, he also made an effort to reach out and touch the head of this cub.

"Oh." The tail of this cub was lifted up to the height.

Gu Huai looked at the round cub that was stuck to him, and then looked at the eggshell not far away. He approached the eggshell and stood still.

The eggshell was nearby, and it was determined that Gu Huai would not go. This cub finally began to eat the eggshell.

Gu Huai stood in the same place and tried to understand the scenes he saw.

Gu Huai felt that he probably returned to the timeline of the past.

When he felt that the soul was rejected, Gu Huai made resistance. His resistance made the "rule" rejection of him, and the result also showed deviation. Gu Huai’s soul was sent to the world in the past. on-line.

In this cave, the black cub is Yalves, and the white puppet... Gu Huai feels that he is.

Earlier, when the Bitak zerg found the white cub, Yalves was staying with the cub.

At this time, this white juvenile quail egg is still only the normal size, and it is not as big as the case of Gu Huai's broken shell, and this white juvenile quail egg does not have a life reaction.

If the soul of Gu Huai did not cross over, this young egg will probably always be a dead egg, and there will be no day when the shell is born.

But then what happened was that Arvis was not on the planet, and Gu Huai could not know it now.

After eating the eggshell, the cub is close to Gu Huai, obviously a young cub, but Yalves is instinctively driven to show a protective posture towards Gu Huai.

The cubs show a protective posture that only makes people feel cute.

Gu Huai did not hold back a smile: "I don't need to protect me, I am in this state..."

His state is not in accordance with common sense, even if there are any enemies can not hurt him, but it is difficult to let a young child understand.

Yalves doesn't understand, it only knows that it must protect the youth in front of it, and can't let any enemy hurt each other.

So when a ferocious beast tries to enter this cave, Yalves will fight.

This is only a zerg cub that has just been born shortly after the shell was born, and it is very hard to guard Gu Huai.

"Oh." With a pair of round golden erect cockroaches, the cub pushed the food it had retrieved from outside to Gu Huai.

"You don't have to give me food." Gu Huai said softly. "I can't eat anything now, and I won't be hungry."

"Oh." The cub snorted again to Gu Huai, and continued to push the food to Gu Huai.

Gu Huai is easily touched by this cub: "How do you feel so cute from small to large?"

Thinking of Arvis, who always has a cold expression in adulthood, Gu Huai slightly bends his eyebrows and says to the cub in front of his eyes: "It is the meaning of you to praise you."

So when you really meet me later, I say that you are very cute, that is what you like.

This cub seems to understand Gu Huai's words, and the round eyes are slightly bright: "Hey."


Chapter 83

In the form of existence that does not conform to the common sense of the rules, Gu Huai spent a long period of time in this past timeline, which is about a month or so.

Gu Huai wants to go back on the one hand, hoping that consciousness can return to the body of the original timeline, and does not want to worry about the Zerg who found him sleeping.

But on the other hand, Gu Huai can't put in any of Yalves.

It means that in the current timeline, it is still a newly-opened baby.

This was not a matter of Gu Huai's ability to intervene, but he is now just in time to come to this past time, seeing Arvis born on this barren and ridiculous abandoned planet, he will inevitably have Some soft emotions.

There is nothing beautiful about this planet. This cub is seen in the world after it was born. It is such a gray paint world.

Gu Huai suddenly understood that the Zerg found out that he was sad when he was born on the planet.

It is really sad because I find that the important things that I cherish are not treated with tenderness in the world.

When Gu Huai was born on this abandoned planet, although he felt the hardships of the living conditions of the planet, there were a group of Tak Zerg around him who took care of him and accompanied him. He was not alone.

And this little cub has nothing around him.

Therefore, even in this very rational state, Gu Huai could not help but think...

Can he accompany this little cub a little?

Anyway, he is in this situation, and he can't decide to stay. Gu Huai can only take one step and count it. Now, let's stay with this cub.

Gu Huai has no physical mental state, even if he does not actively switch, his eyes are golden.

And Yalves, who is in a young age, seems to like Gu Huai’s eyes very much. Gu Huai can look down at the cubs that are close to him and carry the fluffy heads. Looking at him swaying.

Gu Huai’s view of the young cub: “I think my eyes look good?”

"Hey." Or a young cub, Arvis raised his fluffy little tail and snorted at Gu Huai.

Gu Huai could not help but smile: "Your eyes are more beautiful than mine."

Gu Huai remembered that he first praised the other side when he took the eye mask of Yalves. Although it was a pair of eyes that looked cold, it was especially beautiful.

After the two men determined the relationship, Gu Huai was sometimes watched by Arvis and would want to get close to the eyes of the big cat.

I don't know how to describe it. Arvis doesn't care about other things. When he only concentrates on him, Gu Huai will be lovely by the other side.

I always feel that this big cat is quietly spoiling him.

In the early childhood, Yalves is more understandable than adulthood. The young cubs will not conceal their feelings, so all reactions are straightforward.

After being praised by Gu Huai, the cub that was lifting his plush little tail in front of him suddenly twitched his tail.

It is an unhappy performance for Yalves to forcefully and greatly lick his tail, but it is not the same as a small slap in the tail, which means that the other party is in a good mood.

Gu Huai went to touch the tail of this cub, but it was actually not touchable, but Gu Huai found that he could make this cub happy.

Sure enough, when Gu Huai reached out, Yalves's tail did not move, and when Gu Huai finished his strokes, Arvis once again scorned his tail.

This is really too cute.

Gu Huai was close to the white baby egg that was still lying quietly in the depths of the cave. As he walked around, the little cub who had been waiting for him was also raising his claws and followed him.

"I want to eat the eggshell on time." Gu Huai looked at the eggshell scattered next to the white juvenile egg, and said to the cub that was next to his leg.

This young cub would not go to see the eggshell with Gu Huai. When he heard Gu Huai say this, Arvis was obedient to eat the eggshell.

The crisp sound of cockroaches and cockroaches echoed in the cave. Gu Huai looked at the young cub that was eating, and then looked at another white puppet egg that was quiet next to the cub, and suddenly said: " Oh, it should be my knight."

Born earlier than him, he was born and guarded him after he was born. He said that he was a "knight" and Gu Huai felt quite appropriate.

The cub stopped to take the action of eating the eggshell, and a pair of round golden girders looked at Gu Huai.

Gu Huai squinted: "Well... Black Knight."

Because the young eggs are black.

Yalves didn't know if he had understood the two words of Gu Huai, or he might only think that it was a compliment. This little boy was squatting and squatting, and he was very good at Gu Huai: "Hey!"

The cub who made this move to Gu Huai is like saying that I will protect you.

It is quite a drama.

The black clams broke through the shell and a white scorpion, while the white cub... Gu Hua thought about his original form, the fluff was black.

The cub quickly finished eating the eggshell and then followed Gu Huai’s leg.

"Sleep." Gu Huai sat down and said that he would not move.

Yalves, who was slightly lifting his plush little tail, did not immediately listen to Gu Huai’s words, but stared at the entrance of the cave.

Gu Huai then stunned again: "There will be no enemies coming in."

Arvis, who stared at the entrance to the cave, finally regained his sight. The cub tried to lean his body against Gu Huai and then crouched down into shallow sleep.

The Zerg's demand for sleep is not high, but Yalves is still a cub after all, and still needs to take a nap every day.

And because I feel that I want to protect Gu Huai, Yalves rarely sleeps, and every time I basically need Gu Huai to be so sleepy.

Even if he falls asleep, Yalves still maintains a certain vigilance. As long as other creatures enter the cave, it will certainly hear and wake up immediately.

The cubs are always weak, although the fighting power of a zerg cub can already be basically better than that of ordinary adults, not to mention that Arvis is a higher class zerg of class a, but it must be able to adapt to this abandoned planet environment. The fierce creature, Yalves still has to do his best.

Gu Huai accompanied this cub one day after another. On this planet, there really is no other intelligent creature. This is a very lonely planet.

Gu Huai looked at this cub and thought, if he could meet with Arvis earlier, for example, it was born at this time, and then stayed with the other party.

But this is something that Gu Huai can't do.

When Yalves was dealing with fierce creatures trying to enter the cave, he was not completely unharmed every time. One day, when he was dealing with several enemies at the same time, Yalves was injured.

"Hey." He knocked down the enemy's cub and returned to Gu Huai. Although the cub was injured, the fluff on the tail was stained with some blood, but his eyes were more brightly watching Gu Huai, "Hey!"

I knocked down the enemy.

Don't be afraid, I will protect you.

The cries of the cubs are like saying these words to Gu Huai.

Gu Huai slightly licked his lips, and Yalves's protection of him made him very moved, but Gu Huai was also unhappy about being able to watch this thing.

“Hey?” Arvis found Gu Huai’s emotions.

Hearing the snoring, Gu Huai quickly blinked and switched his mood. He said to the cub who was obviously looking forward to hearing his compliments: "You are the cutest."

Boasting your cuteness is what you like.

There was a wound in the tail, and there was a pain in the movement. Arvis immediately raised the small, fluffy tail behind him.

"Hey."

In this original only my planet.

You found me.

I also like you the most.



Chapter 84

On the abandoned planet, almost no stars can be seen in the night sky, and the environmental pollution of this planet is too serious.

Gu Huai accompanied his current state of restlessness to Yalves, who was still a cub in this past timeline. He knew that he would leave sooner or later, which was not related to his wishes, but his soul. Still being excluded.

Even in such a spiritual state, Gu Huai can feel the pain, which is caused by the rejection of the soul by the "rules" of the world.

"Let's make an appointment." Gu Huai squatted down, put his hands on his knees, and looked down at the zerg cub that was squatting in front of him.

Yalves scorned the plush tail behind his lower body: "Hey."

Originally, Gu Huai wanted to bring Arvis out to see the stars this evening. For safety, he only went to the cave entrance, but found that the night sky outside was too gray and nothing could be seen.

"That is... If I suddenly disappeared one day, it must not be that I want to leave you." Gu Huai stretched out his index finger to poke the baby's fluffy body and bend the eye slightly. "The agreement is that you I will find me on this planet in the future."

Yalves seems to be listening very seriously. After Gu Huaiyi finished, the cub took the initiative to put his plush body to the white finger that Gu Huai extended.

Although it can't be encountered in practice.

"Oh." Arvis snorted. It didn't think that Gu Huai would disappear, because it would always be guarded, but it was willing to follow Gu Huai's agreement. "Hey!"

I will find you.

The light golden polka dots of the cubs floated brightly, and Yalves made its promise and promise.

Taking the heard snoring as the agreement between the two parties, Gu Huai blinked and then stood up: "That would be so."

Although hesitated for a second or two, Gu Huai finally said this sentence.

Gu Huai sometimes thinks about whether it would be better for Arvis not to meet him from the beginning. His departure, no matter what form, will make Yalves feel pain.

He always let Yalves wait for him.

His consciousness may not return to his original body, he will always sleep, and such waiting is unfair and cruel to Arvis.

However, Gu Huai quickly thought about it. With or without this agreement, he and Yalves met in the future are doomed.

And in the case that the other party's feelings have been obtained, it is better to think that Arvis does not meet him. His idea is even more unfair to Yalves.

"I will work hard." Gu Huai said softly.

Try to find the possibility and respond to the other's waiting.

The normal zerg cubs are not large, and the cubs born in the shells will soon be able to eat the eggshells. After eating the eggshells, Yalves needs to go outside to find and hunt for food.

This matter is not difficult for Arvis, which has been done before for Huaihuai.

When Yalves went out to hunt and hunt for food, Gu Huai was safely waiting in the cave to wait for the cub to come back.

He followed the door and would affect the battle of Yalves, because even if he said that he would not be injured, other creatures outside could not see him, and Yalves would always be alert to his surroundings.

"Go, I will wait for you to come back inside." Gu Huai sent the cubs who were going to hunt for food to the entrance of the cave, and squatted and licked the cub.

"Oh..." Yalves seemed to be reluctant to leave, and the silver-gray little tail that had finished fading after it had finished eating the eggshell was forced to move.

Gu Huai really wants to touch this tail. He bends his eye and sighs again: "Isn't this the same in the past few days?"

After being smashed and stunned by Gu Huai, this cub was finally shaken, and the round golden eyes looked at Gu Huai: "Hey."

If Gu Huai is not so embarrassed, in order to guard this cave, Yalves will minimize his own food needs. Then it will not eat for several days, until you are not eating, willing to leave the cave to hunt for food.

After eating the eggshell, Yalves's combat ability is completely above the fierce creatures of the planet, so Gu Huai does not have to worry too much about the safety of the other.

Gu Huai obeyed what he said, and he stayed in the cave only if he didn't go there, but the accident always caught the time when he was caught off guard.

In addition to the pain that gradually became accustomed to, a sudden burst of tension made Gu Huai slightly open his eyes. This time, he did not give Gu Huai any chance to resist. His consciousness fell directly into the darkness.

Arvis, who left the cave to hunt for food, always came back at the fastest speed. Today it was a little slower because Yalves brought back a gift to Gu Huai.

Holding a flower with his mouth, the silver-gray small tail behind him was slightly tilted, and the cub returned to the cave.

But entering the depths of the cave, Yalves did not see the person who should stay here.

"Hey, hey..." Put down the flower, and the small tail behind him didn't feel it down. The Zerg was looking around with its round, pale gold erect.

There is only a dimly lit environment around it.

In fact, it is a basic environment that can be seen at a glance. The zerg cub, which has only a silver-gray small tail, is constantly looking back and forth in the dim cave where the broken shell was born: "Hey!"

It is here.

This cub makes a sound and wants Gu Huai to hear it. Maybe Gu Huai hears the sound and will come over to find it.

I dare not leave too far, because it is afraid that Gu Huai will not find it.

......

Gu Huai’s consciousness is lost, and when he recovers again, he is in a very wonderful space.

Here he faces the "world will" of the world.

Gu Huai was also told that the pain he felt in his sleep and consciousness was indeed due to the rejection of him by the “rules”.

"So, is there any way for me to stay?" Gu Huai only cares about this issue.

I can't change the rules. As the will of the world, I can admit your existence and let you stay, but the rules will also refute me at the same time, it will still reject you.

This is a sound that has no emotional ups and downs, and the words and sentences are as regular as the established procedures.

Because of my recognition, the rule will reduce your rejection relatively, will not cause substantial harm to you, but it will still make you feel pain. This pain, you should have already experienced it.

Even so, are you willing to accept it?

The Zerg would not have a king. The white baby egg that gave birth to the king was a dead egg from the beginning and was not born.

The Zerg without the king is like missing something. They don't know how to protect. They only know that they are constantly plundering. No matter how many things are plundered, they can't fill the gap. This kind of vacancy will one day force the whole zerg. To the madness.

The world will always think that this is its mistake. It wants to accept it, but it also understands that almost no one is willing to suffer such pain.

However, Gu Huai responded very strongly at this time: "Well, I am willing to accept."

Gu Huai’s choice surprised the world’s will, so it revealed a little more.

Your spiritual error has gone to the timeline of the past, and the rules will correct this.

Gu Huai’s slight glimpse, the meaning of the amendment is...

With Gu Huai's thinking, he had a picture in front of him.

The zerg cub, who had been screaming in the cave and looking for him, was found to have stopped because of what he had seen, and then showed an attacking posture.

The memory of Gu Huai was gradually erased under the revision of the rules. For this young child, it did not want to forget anyway, and the power of Yalves was rioted at this time.

It awakens the spatial abilities, and the rioting abilities transmit it to another planet, but this does not prevent the rules from being corrected.

The rule erases the memory of Yalves, but it can't completely erase the subconscious. Therefore, the cubs who wake up after losing their consciousness still make such a cry when they open the sleek light golden erect...

"Hey."

It seems that something very important and precious has been lost, but I can't remember it anymore. The irritability makes this zerg cub lick the silver-gray tail behind it.

The more you feel this vacancy, the more irritated and unpleasant you are.

"Hey!"

It seems that someone has called it like this.

Who is it...?

"Let me go back now." Gu Huai suddenly recovered his sight like a burn, and immediately asked for it.

When I saw these performances of the cub, Gu Huai suddenly realized that the reason why Yarvis would need to wear a black eye mask later.

It is also because of him.

The will of the world does not reject the demands of Gu Huai, which is originally its hope.

as you wish.

So once again experienced a short loss of consciousness and recovery, Gu Huai's spiritual body was sent back to the original normal timeline, but the time point is slightly biased.

It was two years since he first slept, and in the room that was watched by a group of Tuckers, Gu Huai finally woke up from a deep sleep.



Chapter 85

In the two years of Gu Huai's sleep, the whole star has undergone a lot of changes. The most obvious point is that the "golden era" is recognized by all kinds of people in the universe.

With regard to the Golden Age, this term was born after the Zerg joined the Star Alliance and was only circulated among the population at the beginning. By now, this term has become an official vocabulary.

Separated from the shadow of the old era, it also deviates from some contradictory frictions still existing in the new era. In the golden age, every race in the interstellar world has developed in a more prosperous direction.

Except for the Zerg, this is probably the best time for all races in the Stars.

But it seems to be to make people of all races not too happy. Over the ages, there will always be some new crises in the prosperity, and in today's golden age is no exception.

The current crisis faced by various interstellar races is through a star-gate that appears without warning, as if it were an unknown enemy from another universe.

Tazzi people.

Before the war, everyone had never seen this race.

They only know that the other party came with the purpose of aggression. The army of the Tajzi people possesses very special imaginary weapons. These powerful virtual weapons are the basis for the Taduz people to attempt aggression.

If it was before the Golden Age, the size of the Star Alliance had not yet developed to the present, and the interstellar races were not so united, perhaps the Tajiz people could quickly win some weaker races at the beginning of the entry. .

Instead of tossing up to now, it still only occupies less than ten resource-poor planets as a base.

The Golden Age should be a magnificent and prosperous era. In order to protect this hard-won peace and prosperity, the various races in the Stars are now in a consistent external mentality.

However, although the enemy is difficult to enter, the joint army of the Star Alliance is also unable to completely eliminate the other party.

The Tajzi portrait has any incredible regenerative ability... or resurrection ability, which keeps the two sides in a stalemate.

In fact, according to the powerful military strength of the United Army, the Star Alliance should have been able to take an absolute advantage, but unfortunately, the strongest and most powerful of them did not exert their greatest strength in this war. .

This unit refers to the Zerg forces.

It is not that the Zerg army did not contribute to this war. On the contrary, the Zerg fully fulfilled their obligations, and no one can blame it.

Only some races that have experienced the taste of fighting with the Zerg in the past have felt the difference in this war...

Before the "king" appeared, it was a terrible thing to engage the Zerg army. If you think about it, you can feel the scalp on your scalp.

It is a terrorist army like a giant.

Although the Zerg soldiers have no resurrection ability, no matter how many casualties, it seems to have no effect on the Zerg.

The lower zerg will continue to reproduce and regenerate, and then these new zerg will quickly fill the gaps in the army due to casualties, and even further strengthen the Zerg forces on this basis.

Therefore, if any race wants to try to consume war with the Zerg, it is only natural that they can feel despair.

Cruel and brutal, fierce and ruthless, these labels have been firmly attached to the Zerg.

But after the birth of "King", all this has changed.

The Zerg’s external attitude has become friendly, willing to take the initiative to assist the weak race, and no longer refuse to deal with other races, and has made important contributions to interstellar peace in many things.

And after the "king" fell asleep...

"I want to say that the Zerg is completely lacking interest in this war." In the conference room of the human warship, Hamer sitting in the main seat said this sentence in a posture almost on the table. I said that I still sighed.

After two years, Hammer has become the owner of the Nichols family. The rank has also risen rapidly due to the many important military achievements established in the past two years. Now it is the general commander in charge of the human army in the battle of the Star Alliance. .

Such words and tone quickly attracted a sneak peek at Shen Mu. Shen Mu calmly and solemnly said: "Sit in this position and pay attention to your wording."

It is extremely inappropriate to think about the word "interest" for war.

"Cough, you can't pass me in the conference room." Hammer coughed, "and I didn't talk about it."

"The sire is still asleep, and the Zerg will have something to do with it, you are not unclear..."

Shen Mu heard that he could not help but fall into silence.

Gu Huai's sleep, this is the thing that most people in the interstellar world have heard. Shen Mu and Hamer also rushed to see it when they learned about it.

Seeing that Shen Mu does not refute, Hammer continues to say at this time: "In this case, the Zerg can fulfill his obligations as a member of the Star Alliance. I feel that I have given it a face."

If it weren’t for fulfilling a responsibility as a member of the Star Alliance, Hammer felt that the Zerg would not care about the invasion of foreign enemies from the other side of the Star Gate, unless the enemy’s hand was too long and reached into their territory. range.

"..." Shen Mu has nothing to say.

Since Gu Huai is sleeping, the overall state of the Zerg is different from the completely unconstrained atrocities of the Old Age, and it is different from the positive and friendly situation when Gu Huai is awake. The Zerg may now be described as calm.

It is a kind of calm that comes from waiting patiently and guarding the precious treasures.

I don't want to continue this somewhat heavy topic. Shen Mu said: "The new round of storms will soon be launched again. I hope this time I can directly win the Helu Star."

This round of marching is to recapture the planet that was occupied by the Tadz people. The reason why Helu Star was chosen is because the planet is in the most convenient position for attack, and it is also beneficial to the subsequent layout of the war after the recapture.

Soon it is referring to three days later.

The joint army of the Star Alliance is undoubtedly powerful. The various ethnic groups have only invested a part of their strength in the beginning, but the Tajiz people also retain their spare capacity.

Both sides are still testing, because for each other, the information they currently have is not enough.

Three days later, the black-pressed battleship group approached the Helu star. Because it was a joint army, the shape of the starship in this battleship group was particularly diversified.

One thing is the same, that is, the heavy pressure of these icy warships, they are like heavy black clouds, and they are pressed against the sky of Helu Star.

And just as the Star Alliance’s coalition forces are preparing to launch a raid on Helu Star, something that is unprepared for everyone is happening. This is a change that can completely affect the situation.

In the distant location of the planet, Tuse Star, a large private residence is guarded by the Zerg, and in this room on the seventh floor of the mansion, he was lying on a soft bed and sleeping still. The young black-haired man twitched his fingertips.

Breathing is still very gentle, and the movements of Gu Huai's fingertips are as small as an illusion.

But this tiny movement was not missed by the Tak worms who were always on the lookout. The scarlet eyes of these Tucker worms contracted sharply into tiny needles in an instant. They surrounded the still-sleeping Gu Huai and obviously moved. The ground made a low humming sound from the throat.

These Tucker worms stared at each other motionlessly, for fear of missing any movement.

Cubs like to sleep very much. This theorem is basically applicable to young people of all races. The nature of Zerg is no exception.

But the cubs they care for have been sleeping for a long time...

Still stubbornly treating Gu Huai as a cub, the Tektrones who stare at Gu Huai in this room are now unable to distract themselves.

These Tucker worms used their cold and huge body to engulf Gu Huai, and from their eyes, these Tak zerds undoubtedly entered a state of high alert.

If at this time, enemies appear within the warning range, these Tucker worms will immediately show their most fierce and cruel side, using them as sharp-edged forearms and sharp teeth to tear the intruders into pieces.

Although it is Tuse Star, the core territory of the Zerg, there will be no external threat in theory, but the Zerg’s desire to protect the king is unreasonable.

Especially for the Tucker in this room, Gu Huai is the cubs they watched. These Tuckers have always believed that they have the responsibility to care for Gu Huai.

Gu Huai’s consciousness returned to the body that had been sleeping for two years. The first time he felt the darkness, because it took a little time to adapt to the body, so Gu Huai did not immediately open his eyes.

But even if he doesn't open his eyes, Gu Huai can feel that he is being stared at by dozens of sights in this darkness.

And Gu Huai can clearly perceive the emotions of the surrounding Zerg, which is a kind of extreme alert, anxious... Looking forward to a particularly nervous mood.

In response to this, Gu Huai’s fingertips outside the quilt quickly moved again. This time, the movement was much more obvious, and his fingers even hooked the sheets.

It is not a short time for the body to sleep. The eyes have not touched the light for a long time. When Gu Huai finally opened his eyes slowly, his eyes could not help but have some physiological tears.

The eyes became wet due to the tears that came out. Gu Huai relaxed the fingers that hooked the sheets and cast his gaze to the Tektronians who were watching him nervously around him.

At this time, Gu Huai had no time to make any action or make a sound. His sight just touched the tallest Tak worm, the next big one. He was squatted by the Tektronix in the next second, with a sharp forearm. Carefully hugged to the left shoulder.

"Hold... baby." The Tucker worm made a slow, slow sound.

This kind of sound makes it easy to think of the word clumsy, and at the same time it is very hoarse.

The language ability of the lower zerg is still quite limited, but these two words are the clearest words of these Tucker worms.

The heart became soft in an instant, and there was a bit of sourness. Gu Huai squinted his eyes: "Not a baby, it is Ahuai."

Gu Huai’s face is a slightly smiling expression. It can be seen that there is actually no intention to correct it.

"Baby." This Tak worm stubbornly repeated this title.

Although the instinct wants to obey the requirements of Gu Huai, these Tucker sects still remember that two humans have said to them that humans will call the "baby" as a favorite baby.

"Oh..." Gu Huai gently responded.

From seeing Gu Huai's fingertips to the moment he finally woke up, the Tuckers in this room always tightened their nerves.

They noticed that Gu Huai’s eyes were wet and did not know what was called “physiological tears.” In the eyes of this group of Tektrones, Gu Huai’s red-eyed appearance represented the desire but did not have to s things.

What is it?

Although the wisdom development of the lower zerg has a certain effect, they are usually still the surface layer that can only think about the problem, and the deeper layer is relatively difficult to understand.

Can't think of the answer to this question, the Tucker in this room could not help but make a low boos again.

The Zerg does not feel pity for the tears of the enemy's fears, but for the way that Gu Huai has wet his eyes, these Tucker worms will be anxious about this.

"I am not upset." Perceived the feelings of these Tucker worms, Gu Huai quickly understood the problem, and he raised his hand and rubbed his eyes.

Gu Huai's action wiped away the tears that were spurred by the light. He reached out and touched the cold and hard body of the Tucker who was carrying him. Then he showed his body and leaned against it. The head of the Tak zerg.

Woke up, the first thing that Gu Huai is going to do now is to establish a spiritual link, and the Zerg can't keep worrying about him.

But just as Gu Huai was ready to build a spiritual link that could be passed on to the entire Zerg, an unpredictable change suddenly occurred -

In the involuntary situation, Gu Huai, who was originally sitting on the shoulders of the Tektrones, suddenly became a black cub with a pure gold erect and looks round.

"Hey!" Still on the shoulders of the huge Tucker's body, this black cub crouched motionless, as if it hadn't reacted yet.

I haven't used this form for a while, and after Gu Huai finished it, I didn't know how to act.

Why did it suddenly go back to the form of juveniles automatically? Gu Huai quietly thought about it. I think this is probably an instinctive reaction to the more rapid integration of consciousness and the body that has been sleeping for two years.

Back to the shape of the young is more conducive to fusion than the human form, so this result.

Although the action was disrupted, the thing to do was still to be done. Gu Huai confirmed the position of Yalves with his spiritual strength, and at the same time he established a spiritual link to contact the whole Zerg.

......

This spiritual link has no substance, but all the Zerg, distributed throughout the stars, instantly froze and stop in place like a moving stone.

king……

king--!

Every cell in the body screams and urges them to rush to Gu Huai's side. The result of this extremely strong absolute will is that the expression on every Zerg face becomes terrible.

At this time, on the land of Helu Star, the most direct sensation of the allies, such as the inner and outer changes, is the Saatchi and the human forces relatively close to the Zerg forces.

The Zerg is a friendly army. You can look at the inexplicable state of the nearby Zerg. It is widely believed that the Saqi soldiers who have the strongest individual combat capability can not help but subconsciously step back aside.

I don't know why, this group of zergs suddenly had a sense of danger, and the taut body seemed to have entered a state of combat.

Among them, the most dangerous danger is probably Yalves, who is the leader of the Zerg.

Yalves was originally standing here very coldly. His eyes were covered with a black eye mask, and no one could spy on his emotions.

But even if he doesn't look at Yalves's eyes, his chilling feelings on his body are enough to make others feel oppressed.

At the moment of receiving the spiritual link, Arvis’s indifferent look showed a crack.



Chapter 86

Before the consciousness reacted, the instinct of Arvis's body was one step faster than consciousness, and he immediately made a move to tear the space.

Within a few seconds, the space in front of Yalves had been twisted and torn open with a narrow slit, and the Zerg soldiers who noticed this scene only stayed for less than a second, and they rushed to the limit. Run back to their respective battleships.

The main battleship is loaded with large space transfer devices, positioned as Tuse Star, and their warships can return to Tussell as long as they follow the main battleship belonging to the army chief.

The head of the Zerg army who came to the battlefield of Helu Star was Yalves and Kapaliya. Originally, Yalves would not come. He stayed at the bed of Gu Huai every day. Huai's room.

The reason why this battle will come is entirely because of the constant lobbying of the chief of staff.

Since Gu Huai’s sleep, Arvis has been wearing black eye masks for the past two years, and the state is obviously not as stable as Gu Huai’s waking.

Because of this, the chief of staff will think, it may be better to let Arvis vent to fight on the battlefield.

Before the emergence of Gu Huai, Arvis also used the battle to solve the irritability. The chief of staff could only think of this method, so he made several suggestions.

Yalves did not want Gu Huai to see him in this state of instability when he woke up, so he agreed to participate in the battle.

"Your Majesty!" Kapaliya, who was also on the battlefield, returned to her Yura battleship without saying anything, ready to start the space transfer device.

Wang woke up and was calling them.

Just thinking about this, the thoughts in the minds of the Zerg people far beyond the Tuse star have been emptied, and now only the instinct to respond to this call is left.

"Wait, what are you going to do--" I noticed this conspicuous anomaly, and the soldiers of other races couldn't help but scream, with obvious tension in the voice.

The crack in the torn space is remembered to be used for the transfer position. Is it true that the Zerg forces will fight alone, or say...

To evacuate? ?

However, no Zerg is willing to answer his doubts. The torn space that is torn apart is about to take shape, and every Zerg soldier is staring at the space-distorted place.

But in the scene of chaos, the sudden enemy attack made the scene messy.

The enemy found them.

Originally, their unit should be crouching for a suitable time for lightning strikes, breaking the defense to give the enemy a fatal blow, but now they have lost the first-hand advantage.

But even so, the Zerg forces are still indifferent.

Seeing this scene from the virtual screen, Hammer finally couldn’t sit still: “Impossible, the Zerg is unlikely to be evacuated—”

When not as an enemy, but as an ally, the Zerg can be described as reliable. Hammer does not believe that the Zerg forces will make an exit.

Because of the legendary experience that once had it, Hammer had a different understanding of the Zerg from that experience, and he denied the possibility of Zerg betrayal almost at the first time.

If the army of other races wants to be folded here, the Zerg should have been in the first few battles, and the most important one for the Zerg is still asleep. The Zerg is unlikely to wage war at this time. What interest...

and many more--

Could it be that? ?

The two human leaders in the battleship command room looked at each other silently, and they all saw the horror from the other side's eyes and brought a happy look.

It seems that in response to the two people's speculation, there is a small distortion space on the battlefield reflected by the virtual screen. It is this appearance of the distorted space that suddenly interrupts the pace of the Zerg army to evacuate.

Positioning is already in a fairly precise position. Gu Huai also used space power, and the tearing space reached the Helu Star.

When using the spiritual field to confirm the position, Gu Huai knew that Yalves was in a very remote place. He had let Yalves wait for a long time. Now he woke up and Gu Huai decided to take the initiative to find each other.

Meet, then hurry back to Tusser, not just Arvis, he also let other Zerg wait for a long time.

However, before the tearing space was transferred, Gu Huai apparently did not expect that the other side of the space gap would be the battlefield.

This twisted space from the top of the Tajiz army made these Tajiz people alert, and they evacuated to a certain extent and suspended the engagement with the Star Alliance ground forces.

But beyond everyone's expectations - apart from the Zerg, the two sides of the army seemed to be stunned when they saw the unidentified creatures that appeared in the distorted space.

It was a black fluffy, golden scorpion that was as round as a glass ball, and looked small and not capable of attacking... the cub.

Just transferred to the destination, Gu Huai has not fully grasped the surrounding conditions, but he felt that his body suddenly fell from the back.

As the sight line just saw the Zerg army not far away, Gu Huai made a sound when he was subconscious.

"Hey."

The soft buzzing sound is obviously the sound of the young cub, the sound is very light, but it can still be heard on the battlefield where this inexplicably strange and quiet.

That is--

Almost all the soldiers in the Star Alliance were directly in the same place, not for anything else, just because they knew the identity of the cub that was being held by a Tajiz.

The various ethnic soldiers who had been stunned even stopped breathing for a second, and they looked at the Zerg forces attached to their own horror.

stop! !

Stop and let go! !

The coalition soldiers who realized that the situation was very bad were screaming at the Tajiz, and they kept chanting this sentence in their hearts.

Compared with the Takiz people and the Zerg collective violent walk, the people suddenly found that they still prefer the former.

However, the screams in their hearts did not convey the past. The Tajiz swayed the black fluffy cub in his hand, as if to identify what it was.

"..." The entire battlefield seemed to have a moment of silence.

Even as a friendly army, some Star Alliance soldiers can't help but distance themselves from the Zerg forces.

Even in the face of unexpected war conditions, the Star Alliance coalition did not want to take a step back, but now look at the situation of the Zerg side, but they could not help but move their feet to the side.

They have a very bad premonition, no... not even a premonition, this is a strong sense of danger to the essence.

It is obvious that Yalves, who is in the position of the Zerg forces, is not as expressionless as usual. There is a very rare smile on his face, and the corners of his mouth are slightly tilted.

Such a smile on Arvis is the most dangerous signal, which means that his militant instinct is thoroughly inspired.

But it is impossible to understand only the destruction. Compared with the destruction and plunder, the Zerg has been learning more since he owned the king.

Only because the important precious treasures are still being shackled by the enemy, the Zerg in the field is desperately patient and does not act rashly.

However, the enemy apparently did not realize the strange atmosphere of the Star Alliance coalition. It was like something that was not squatting. The Tajiz unknowingly frowned, and let the hand be directly put in his hands. The cub fell to the ground.

Landing, this height, of course, the Zerg body can not be injured.

But this scene is not exactly the same in the eyes of these Zerg soldiers, their king fell to the ground, it will hurt.

Wang will be very painful -

A creepy feeling almost slammed into the back of every coalition soldier around him. At this time, Hammer in the battleship command room almost did not shake a table in front of him. The whole person’s scalp was numb. Look at the scene projected on the virtual screen.

The Zerg... may be crazy.




Chapter 87

"...so, this is the reason."

After the day when the Zerg group violently caused the battle to become extremely chaotic, one month later, the leaders of all ethnic groups except the Zerg in the Xingmeng maintain a complex mood and slowly digest the latest situation reported by the scouts.

The Zerg army had already marched into the home of the Tajiz people a few days ago, and they had already directly dumped the various spheres in the enemy territory and completely occupied it.

Now, in the unknown star field on the other side of the Star Gate, other ethnic groups that have not participated in the aggression have been scared, and they are afraid of the horrific occupation speed of the Zerg, and they have been busy with the Tajiz people.

"But the sire is not falling to the ground at all... With the ability of the sire, the soldiers of the Tazzi can't hurt him." Hammer held his forehead, and he couldn't control the twitching of his eyes.

This is indeed the case.

On that day, on the battlefield of Helu Star, the Zerg cubs who landed perfectly in a light and graceful posture shook their bodies. The sleek golden squint looked at the direction of the Zerg forces, and once again, they shifted themselves with space abilities. past.

For Gu Huai, even if the Tajiz refused to let go, he would move away in the next second.

It is better for the other party to let him land, after all, it is a stranger. If you are not busy transferring to observe the surrounding situation, Gu Huai will not pick himself up by the other party.

Gu Huai did not think that the Tajiz had anything to do with himself, but the Zerg who were present did not think so.

Even if you have seen the ability of Gu Huai to dismantle the warships with your own eyes, these Zerg people will still blindly think that Gu Huai is the object that they need to protect.

So when I saw the scene where the Tajiz people let Gu Huai fall to the ground, these Zerg would not think that Gu Huai would be able to land unscathed, but the first reaction would be that Gu Huai would definitely hurt. .

It can only be said that except for the Zerg, other than Yalves, it is a parent-like care attitude for Gu Huai.

The treacherous Zerg forces exerted unprecedented combat power, and the other units of the coalition felt that they were being riddled with a lie, and the Tajiz on the Helu star quickly collapsed under the advancement of the main Zerg forces.

It felt like only in the blink of an eye, Helu Star was taken by them.

After the Battle of Helu Star, Gu Huai and the Zerg on the planet returned to Tuse Star through a space transfer device.

After all, Gu Huai’s body has been sleeping for two years. Now that consciousness has just returned to the body, it’s actually a bit tired to use his power to go out.

But some things must be made clear now, so Gu Huai returned to the figure of the human form and now sits on the bed.

Just as the world will tell Gu Huai, he can return to this body, but the soul will still be rejected by the "rules" of the world, and he will feel the pain.

Gu Huai does not intend to tell anyone about this matter. This level of pain is quite tolerable to him and will not be discovered by the Zerg.

Gu Huai does not want the Zerg to blame or feel sorry for this, so this matter is only known to him alone.

"Why are you still blindfolded and you don't want to see me?" Gu Huaiming knew that was not the case. He still raised his eyes and asked softly about Arvis standing by the bed.

Yalves did not say anything, and clearly licked his mouth: "..."

Did not immediately remove the blindfolded black eye mask, Yalves in the visually closed state, reaching out to touch Gu Huai's cheek.

Like confirming what, Arvis silently touched Gu Huai's facial features with his hand.

Because of fear of illusion, Arvis would not want to use his eyes to confirm this truth.

Gu Huai can understand the mood of Yalves, and his eyelashes are slightly trembled.

Gu Huai quietly touched his face by Arvis. After Yalves stopped moving, Gu Huai pulled the other side to him and expertly solved the other person’s eyes. Black straps.

As soon as the straps were released, they fell down. Gu Huai was close to the light golden erects of Upper Yalves.

These eyes were fixed to look at him. At this moment, Gu Huai suddenly flashed two other pictures.

One is that he is in Tuse Star, the same in this room, the first time I solved the eye mask of Yalves.

The other is that he was born in the past timeline, just a broken shell, or a picture of a youngest Arabs watching.

Gu Huai thought that in any case, Yalves had seen his eyes with his eyes, and he seemed to see him at first sight.

Then he has to be responsible for this big cat.

"Long time no see, Yalves." So close at sight, Gu Huai did not hide from sight, just blinked and smiled.

In either sense, it has been gone for a long time.

Yalves’s face was slightly tight, and he circled the tail behind him to Gu Huai. After a while, he finally spoke: “I’m sorry.”

After speaking these three words in a sound that sounds cold, Yalves said: "Ahuai should not be angry."

Gu Huai’s slight glimpse, some inexplicably asked: “Why am I angry?”

The cat's apology was a spoiled, and in the eyes of Gu Huai, Yalves, like a big silver cat, bowed his head and licked his cheek: "Because you woke up, I was not there."

It was he who said "waiting", but Gu Huai woke up and didn't see him. Yalves thought that Gu Huai might think that he was angry with his words.

"Every day, I waited for Ah Huai to wake up and didn't say anything." Yalves' voice was very low. He used the nickname "Jiujiu" to claim that it was also a kind of spoiled way for this big cat to be self-taught. .

It doesn't matter if you eat a word.

It is better to say that if he is really asleep, Gu Huai hopes that Yalves can give up waiting.

But being spoiled by a big cat, Gu Huai then put this unnecessary words in his heart. He nodded and responded warmly: "Well, I know."

After that, Gu Huai approached the past and kissed Yalves' eyes.

Such a blind eye, the dawn of Yalves, uncontrollably swayed.

“Have you ever seen Ahuai before?” Although the memory is very vague, Arvis still feels that his cognition is not wrong, and he saw it very early and very early.

Understand what Yalves's "before" means, and Gu Huai’s view of Shangarvis is a bit unspeakable.

Can the memory cleared by the "rules" correction be remembered again? That must be how persistent this is.

“Why do you think so?” Gu Huai asked.

Yalves did not answer this question, but he was slightly coveted by Gu Huai.

Yalves has always thought that he has no surrender to Gu Huai, but Yalves does not think so now.

He felt that perhaps because he had already seen Gu Huai earlier, he had already surrendered at an earlier time, so he did not feel the obvious changes when he met later.

But he is willing to listen to Huai's words not because of surrender, but because of his liking.

Just a surrender, the impact on Yalves is limited, he will not be willing to listen to this degree.

Seeing that Yalves did not answer, Gu Huai did not ask, but gently squinted and said: "Yes... I have seen it."

Yalves still couldn't remember the whole picture of that memory, but he understood where his irritability and sabotage had always come from, because he lost and forgot what was precious and important to him.

When Gu Huai’s voice just fell, his lips were kissed by Yalves, and Gu Huai did not react. The silver-gray tail on his waist dragged him down and let him sit back. The posture of the bed became a bed.

Gu Huai first was a light gold erect on the slight contraction of Upper Yalves. He couldn’t see more eyes. His vision suddenly fell into a darkness. Yalves was blindfolded by the black tie he had solved. His eyes.

"?" Gu Huai is still not responding. He knows what Yalves wants to do, but he does not understand why he should cover his eyes.

Losing sight, the squeaking of the rubbing of clothes seems to be a lot clearer to Gu Huai: "Yalvis?"

Gu Huai’s call did not receive a response, and soon he did not continue to think and talk.

Gu Huai is indulging the behavior of Yalves, because Gu Huai feels that he is obliged to appease this big cat, that is, this method of comfort is too tiring.

The pain of the soul being rejected was offset by joy. When Huai Huan woke up the next day, the black bandage that had been on his eyes had long since disappeared.

Gu Huai sat up and pulled the loose black tie down and put it in his hand, and he heard the voice of Yalves.

"Flower." Arvis stood by the bed and handed a small flower pot in hand to Gu Huai.

This is the goose yellow flower that was first developed by the Zerg on the Tuse star two years ago. In the past two years, the research team has been trying hard to continue the life of this flower. .

This is the first flower they have successfully planted with the soil of Tuse Star. The Zerg wants to see Gu Huai anyway.

Gu Huai took the small flower pot in the hands of Yalves and looked at the young flowers in the pot a little.

"It is a gift to Ah Huai," said Yalves.

"The current Thur Star is also a gift to Ahuai." Yalves stated in a low voice. "Ahuai woke up and everyone was very happy."

Gu Huai’s throat was inexplicably sour, and he tried not to let his eyes react similarly: “I’m sorry to let you wait so long.”

Yalves said: "There is a lot of time, and I can wait for Ah Huai."

Now that I have only waited for two years, Gu Huai has woken up. For Yalves, there is nothing to be satisfied.

Waiting doesn't make Yalves feel painful. He thinks this is a happy thing, because being able to wait means that important people still have the possibility of waking up.

Gu Huai still could not control the reaction of his own eyes. He had to blink his eyes and wipe away the tears that did not live up to expectations.

"Now it is spring, the flowers on the star of Tuse should be mostly opened, then I will take you to see the flowers." With this in mind, Gu Huai got up from the bed.

Two years later, with the efforts of the Zerg, the current Tuse Star is full of flowers, and Gu Huai may open the window and smell the flowers floating from a distance.

Gu Huai said that he was going to see the flowers, and the Zerg on the Thur Star was very excited.

Will Wang like the flowers they plant?

Will Wang Hui like the birth gift they sent? ?

The mood of the Zerg people can be said to be very consistent.

Looking forward to the shackles, but more, they are still showing their love for Gu Huai when they send this gift to Gu Huai.

When Gu Huai woke up, they wanted the youth to see a flower-filled planet. Of course, if this gift can make Gu Huai like it, it would be better...

"I like it very much." Gu Huai's tone is certain, the eye tip is slightly bent at this moment. "The current Thur Star is very beautiful, I like it very much."

No longer only a dull black, successfully planted plants other than the Tamu tree, Tuse Star is now a planet full of color.

It is a flowery flower, and every inch of the land is watered with the planet of Zerg's favorite king.

Gu Huai said that he liked all the zergs around him and he was very happy. The erects were brightened in an instant.

On the street where I can see many flower trees, Gu Huai is sitting on the shoulder of a Tak Zerg, and is carried to watch the surrounding scenery.

Yalves backed into the cubs in the arms of Gu Huai, while the other three heads of the army followed, and more and more Zerg joined the spring tour along the way.

The gentle wind is blowing the treetops, and the white birds pass over the blue sky, leaving behind the silhouette of the ground.

All waiting is given meaning.

Like the flowers that sway on the planet.

- The text is finished -


Chapter 88 Extra

Fan Wai, the world you born

The heavily polluted sky is gray-blue, and the ground is constantly flying with dust and sand. Some gravel is also blown up in the extremely cold wind, sweeping the fine snow, occasionally lying on the land. On the front of the Tucker.

There are more than twenty Tak zergs in this group, all of which are low-ranking Zerg who do not have a humanoid form and do not have much wisdom.

They are headed by the tallest Tak worm in the forefront, followed by all the way.

This is an abandoned planet, and these Tuckers are falling into the planet with a battleship in a war, when they invade enemy warships.

The enemies in the battleship were all destroyed when the battleship crashed, and the Tucker worms survived with their physical defenses.

How long have these Tuckers lived on this planet since coming to the planet?

It’s about two or three years.

These Tucker zergs are not going to calculate time. For those Tucker worms who don't have much wisdom, they don't care about the living environment. It doesn't matter much anywhere, as long as it survives.

Survival and battle, these two things constitute the ownership of these Tucker worms, playing a role in the war is almost all their meaning of existence.

It’s always been the case, and it’s still like this...

But on this planet, in a morning that is not special, as usual, everyday, these Tucker worms have no intention of discovering a treasure that is very important to them.

It was a white baby quail egg lying quietly in the depths of a dim cave.

In the eyes of these Tucker worms, this young quail is very small.

Because their bodies are very large, in contrast, this young quail egg is too small, and the cubs still in this egg must be younger.

Young, need their protection.

When the Tucker worms entered the cave and found the young quail eggs, they just saw a fierce creature with a fangs approaching the egg, which was close to a distance of one or two meters.

The picture immediately spurred the Tucker worms into a violent state. They screamed sharply from the throat and rushed to fight without hesitation before the creature touched the cub.

The ferocious creatures on this planet have no threat to the adult Zerg, even the low-level Zerg, which is already the top of the food chain on the planet.

The ferocious creatures attempting to get close to the young quail eggs were quickly shredded by the Tak zerg, and the enemies were solved. The Tucker worms carefully surrounded the little white cubs.

It is still just a young quail egg. This egg will not actively send any message to the outside world, but the connection between each gene of the Zerg will not be cut off.

Just see it and you will understand -

What is precious in this young quail egg is what is precious to them.

"Oh..." Looking at the young quail eggs, all the Tuckers in this cave shrank their scarlet girders at this time, and some Tucker worms made a low snoring from the throat. .

Unlike the sounds that have been made at any time, the deliberately low-pitched snoring is like a fear of being scared to the cub, a very cautious voice.

The instinctive protection wants these Tucker worms to choose to stay. They use this dim cave as a nest and then begin to guard the juvenile eggs they find in this cave.

The location of this cave is relatively concealed and there is only one entrance, which is very suitable as a base.

After settled down, these Tuckers will no longer want to leave, and then they will complete the guard work every day and every day.

Although the same thing is repeated every day, the task of guarding the young eggs does not make these Tuckers feel boring. On the contrary, they feel the joy for the first time while guarding this young quail.

This joy is not violently impacting them, and it has always existed in their hearts, so that these Tucker worms can feel it all the time.

As the inferior Zerg, especially the low-ranking Zerg who does not have much wisdom, the Tucker who guards this young quail does not understand this emotion, but they still respond to it.

The reaction is that when these Tucker worms are watching the young eggs that they are watching, the erectus will always shrink slightly, and then they can't help but occasionally use the forearm to touch the baby eggs very lightly.

The forearms are very sharp, and when they touch the young quail eggs, these Tuckers will deliberately avoid the sharp side of their forearms.

This is the cub they found.

This is... their cubs.

When the idea was formed in the heart, these Tucker worms understood and had a new feeling.

It is the cherishment and love of the parents for the cubs they care for.

With such feelings, when the Tucker stalkers guarded the cave, the joy of the heart became clearer.

After that, day after day, year after year...

Whether it is the spring, summer, autumn and winter of this planet, or the rain, snow, and snow, it can't affect the care of these Tucker worms.

As time passed, the young eggs in the cave did not break the shell, but the egg gradually became larger and eventually became a large white egg.

Normally, Zerg's young quail eggs should not have such a volume change.

But even if it is unusual, the Tuckers who care for this big white egg are just thinking about it. Their cubs grow up a bit, then this should be a good thing.

In fact, this big white egg is still not much in the eyes of these Tucker worms, after all, their body size is several times that of this egg.

After growing to a certain volume, the young quail egg will no longer grow bigger, and then, as always, lie quietly in the cave guarded by the Tucker.

When will the cubs be born with a broken shell?

From the day when the young quail eggs were found in this hidden cave, these Tucker worms naturally look forward to the birth of the pups born in the eggs every day.

They have a good protection for this young quail egg, and do not let this egg suffer any harm, then their cubs must be very healthy.

The Tucker worms, who are expecting the birth of the cubs, continue their waits day after day, so that after many years, the young quail eggs still have no movement, and these Tak zergs seem to finally realize what.

Their ideas have changed -

Why are young cubs not willing to be born?

For the lower zergs who lack wisdom, it is very difficult for them to think about the problem itself, but this matter is related to their young children. These Tucker worms are very hard to think.

Is it because the planet is not good looking, is the cub not willing to be born on such a planet?

The Tucker worms in this cave do not care about the living environment, but they are not incapable of distinguishing the quality of the living environment.

The environment on which they live is very bad, poor and ridiculous, even those who lack the wisdom of the Tucker.

Then what should they do, how can they make their cubs willing to be born...

This problem plagued these Tucker worms, and one day, when the Tuckers who were responsible for going out to hunt back to the cave, they brought back a few flowers that were seen outside, in addition to bringing back the food.

Put some of the flowers brought back next to the young eggs, and a Tak zerd raised his forearms after touching the flowers to touch the young eggs.

Just like pacifying the cubs, as long as you can understand the emotions, you can see that the Tak zerg movement is very gentle.

The whole planet is not very good looking, but maybe they go outside to find something that can be considered good, and let the cub see it, and the cub will be willing to be born.

So on the premise that the cave is absolutely safe, every day, some Tucker sects go out to collect flowers that are not so easy to find.

Look for it in spring time.

Look for it in the summer.

Look for it in the fall.

Still looking for it in winter.

But I can't find flowers in winter.

The winter of this planet is very harsh and cold. Even flowers that have a strong vitality and can survive on this planet will have to disappear temporarily in the winter, and will be reopened when spring comes.

On this planet, there is no flower that can bloom in winter...

In the winter, no flowers can be seen for the cubs. In the first three seasons of the year, the Tucker worms collecting flowers for the young eggs are in trouble.

If there is no such place near the place where they are used as a stronghold, perhaps in a farther place, with such an idea, several Tak zergs are responsible for going out to find.

They went to a place far from the nest, and spent many days in the cold wind blowing, finally finding what they were looking for on the shores of a lake that had been completely iced.

Ice blue, like a beautiful flower with a cold.

The flower was taken off, and before the flowers withered, the Tak worms who had traveled far away brought the flower back into the cave.

"Hey...hey..." The flowers were found in the winter, and the Tuckers in the caves made a low hum.

I have found flowers in the four seasons, so that the cubs are willing to be born?

These Tucker worms continue to look forward to it, but the young eggs lying in the cave are still not moving.

The cub seems to be reluctant to be born.

This discovery made the Tak zerg's mood somewhat low, but they still insisted on nursing.

It should be something that is still missing...

Specifically, what is lacking, these Tuckers do not know, but as long as they insist on caring for this young quail egg, the cub will one day be willing to break the shell and be born.

In this way, these Tucker worms have returned to their repeated waiting, they have waited for many years, until the day they can no longer wait.

All thoughts and consciousness returned to the original darkness, and in this cold black, they could not see anything.

——

"Karu."

"Karu...?"

Gu Huai stretched out his hand and patted the sharp forearm of the Tak Zerg in front of him. When the surrounding Tak zerg immediately stared at him with scarlet erect, Gu Huai squinted his eyes.

It is rare to see these Tak worms around them will be like a god-like phenomenon, Gu Huai could not help but call the one that called him the nearest.

“What happened?” Gu Huaiwen asked.

The Tucker worms who heard the voice of Gu Huai shrank slightly in a moment, they just had a bad dream...

But this is the reality before their eyes.

"Oh...hey." Gu Huai was picked up by the forearm in front of him before he was still in reaction. Then he sat on the left shoulder of the Tak.

Although passively carried like this, Gu Huai was not prepared to move. He thought about it and smiled and said, "Let's go out for a walk, just want to see how the garden is built."

The Tucker worms around Guhuai responded with a low humming sound, and then they followed the wishes of Gu Huai and went out to the direction of a garden being built in the city.

During the course of the journey, the scarlet eyes of these Tucker worms are clearly bright.

very happy.

So happy.

Their cubs were born in this world.



Chapter 89 Extra

Star network

Love Diary Forum - chores section

Theme stickers: How do you let your favorite people notice themselves?

Subject post content:

The person I like - referred to as a.

a has a person who cares a lot and is most important to her - b for short.

a usually usually follow b, and only care about b, in this case, how do I get the attention of a?

1l:

What is the relationship between a and b? Is it a brother or sister, or a relationship between parents and children?

2l (landlord):

neither.

3l:

That is a friend relationship.

Brother, this year, chasing girls, many times can not directly chase, you must first have a good relationship with the female friends around her. When the relationship is done well, they are willing to tell you good things. If you chase people, you will not get twice the result with half the effort.

4l:

The landlord, do you mind that a relationship with b is good, you can't do this.

Listen to me, you must not conflict with b. When chasing a girl, offending a female friend around her, that is to find death! When the normal difficulty can make you into a nightmare difficulty, ask if you are afraid of it?

Looking at the messages on the forum, Aaron frowned and he typed back on the virtual screen.

5l (landlord):

No, I didn't mind, and b is male.

6l:

Hey... ordinary male friend? It is not without this...

7l (landlord):

Not ordinary male friends, they are not friends, b is the most important person, I said it at the beginning.

8l:

......

9l:

I can't pick you up.

10l:

I can't pick it up either.

11l:

Not a family relationship, not an ordinary male friend, b is the most important person of a... Brother, you are telling us, you want to be a junior? ?

12l:

It may also be that a and b are not together yet, he wants to be a spare tire.

Aaron: "..."

Once I have lived on the earth for a while, Aaron can understand the meaning of the "small three" and "prepared tires" in the message.

[The deviation between your imagination and reality goes far beyond the standard. 】

Aaron replied with a blank expression and then closed his personal terminal directly.

I can't find anything useful in this love forum.

Because his personality is not easy to get along with, Aaron has almost no friends. The only friend who can harass him about consulting love has been thoroughly harassed by him for a round.

But whether it is a friend or an emotional forum on the star network, Aaron is not given useful advice.

This only friend still doesn't know that Aaron has been chasing the people he likes for many years, but he still has to worry about pursuing methods.

If you know, the other person is afraid to laugh.

The kind of laughter that gloats.

But Aaron felt that his distress was normal. Kapaliya had been frosty to him. No matter what method he used to pursue, it would certainly be annoying.

Oh, today is also a day of trouble for love.

Aaron is wringing his brains and thinking about the next move, while in the village of Gu Huai, he is drinking afternoon tea in the courtyard.

Tables, chairs and large parasols are all in place. Gu Huai sits on a pure white chair while blowing a cool breeze, while drinking the black tea that the chief of staff has given him. There are also various delicate desserts on the table. .

Since StarCraft entered the golden age of prosperity, and the enemies that crossed the Star Gate have been repulsed, the life of Gu Huai has become more and more leisurely.

Now there is not much to do with the Zerg, and it works well both politically and commercially.

The high-level parliament of Tussex is responsible for maintaining the normal operation of the whole, and there is basically no possibility of chaos. Therefore, there is no need for busy work in Gu Huai, and at most, it is signed on some particularly important agreements.

The work was thrown to the high-level parliament. Not only was Huaihuai idle, but the four heads of the army were equally idle.

Since I am idle, I don’t have to go to the military. Of course, they all follow Gu Huai.

"The black tea is cold, don't drink this cup, it will give you a pot of new ones." Kapaliya said, preventing Gu Huai from lifting the cup.

Kapaliya is very careful and persistent in anything related to Gu Huai's body.

"Yeah." Gu Huai nodded and said.

When Kapaliya came back to the room with a teapot and came back, Gu Huai looked at Kapaliya and poured him a cup of hot black tea, then continued to look at him.

Kapaliya’s expression was very cold. It was a kind of coldness that was comparable to that of Yalves. Gu Huai’s line of sight moved to the left and moved to the left. Looking at the two people’s quite similar indifference, they finally couldn’t help it. .

Gu Huai said to other people: "I have something to say to Kapaliya alone. You should go ahead for a while, ten minutes will be fine."

Both Simodo and Ayi would not question any of what Gu Huai said. Only Yalves looked at Gu Huai and did not move immediately.

Gu Huai was not surprised. He reached out and touched the silver-gray tail behind Arvis, and then narrowed his eyes at Yalves.

"..." Arvis gently swayed his tail and entered the house with others without a word.

This big cat is still awkward.

When he and Kapaliya were left in the courtyard, Gu Huai went to the teacup on the table and picked up the cup.

"Do Luna have any opinion on Aaron?" Gu Huai drank tea while looking up at Kapelia's look.

Kapaliya did not seem to think that Gu Huai would ask her this question, but her expression did not change, it was still cold and cold.

"Useful to the Zerg," Kapalia replied.

Gu Huai coughed aloud: "Well... except for this?"

Kapalia is expressionless: "It's annoying."

There is no false answer, and Kapaliya cannot lie to Gu Huai.

"Cough, cough -" Gu Huai is really cough this time.

When Kapalia saw it, he immediately worried about the ground step: "Your Majesty."

Gu Huaiping regained his cough caused by accidental squatting. He put the cup down and then said: "I feel annoying, but Luna has not driven him away from me. Why?"

Kapaliya did not speak for a few seconds in the frosty expression. After a while, she hesitated and replied: "Because... forgot."

Forgot to drive people away.

Gu Huai is a bit helpless: "It shouldn't be forgotten, but because you didn't have this idea."

Kapalia said: "I don't know."

Kapaliya was always honest with Gu Huai. Gu Huai listened to this answer and couldn't help but sigh for Aaron.

awful.

It’s really terrible.

The Zerg has a lack of emotional nature, and it is not easy for a Zerg to have a strong sense of affection.

And Kapaliya, like Yalves, is the most indifferent of the Zerg.

Kapaliya is not only inferior to the general Zerg, but also very slow in terms of feelings.

In Gu Huai's view, although Arvis did not understand anything, he was a straight ball player, but Kapaliya was very passive.

Even if someone puts 100% of her feelings into her, she may not get 1% of the feedback, because she may not be aware of such feelings at all.

However, in this case, Gu Huai looked at Aaron in fact, but it was the best proof that he had been chasing after running for so many years without being ruined by Kapalia impatiently.

Calculating the time, Aaron seems to have been chasing for ten years from the very beginning.

"I don't hate him," Capalia said suddenly.

Gu Huai said to her a long time ago, saying that she should not hate Aaron, Kapaliya did not know at the time, but she can now give a clear answer.

This speech made Gu Huai could not help but slightly stunned, and then he listened to Kapaliya added: "It is very annoying, but not annoying."

It may not be particularly accurate to describe it as "very annoying", and Capalia frowned.

This kind of identification object has always beenhave like a puppy, like a puppy... very sticky.

Gu Huai thought for a moment: "If that is what other people make you feel annoying, do you feel that way?"

This problem made Kapelia's frowning look obvious: "No."

Kapaliya envisioned that if it was someone else, she would let the other party not follow suit.

"Why don't you hate Aaron?" When Gu Huai asked this sentence, he couldn't help but smile a little.

Kapaliya thought about it for a while and replied: "I saved him once, not specifically to save him, but his enemy is just my enemy. I don't want to waste my energy to kill the people I saved. ”

This is the beginning.

So at first I felt like being annoyed, and Kapaliya didn't do it, just waiting indifferently.

Gu Huai understood the meaning of Kapaliya and he nodded.

"Let's leave it, I'm used to it for a long time."

This is the early stage.

Kapaliya’s light gold erect is also very cold at this time, she said: “After that, he makes you very happy.”

"Well?" Gu Huai did not understand a bit, how the topic jumped on him.

"The matter of the Gray Tower Soldier, he provided a way to solve the life problems of these Grey Tower soldiers, so that you are very happy." Kapaliya watched Gu Huai, "He can let you experience a sad thing, under the I think he should be a good person, so don't hate him."

This is a very important thing.

For any Zerg, Gu Huai’s emotions and sorrows are extremely important to them.

"He gave me a lot of gifts, I don't like it." Capalia first finished this sentence, and then her expression changed a little bit. "But it's not annoying. The first time someone gave me these things."

There are many kinds of gifts to be sent. According to Gu Huai, Aaron has sent a variety of things such as precious gems and ornaments that women generally like.

For the average woman, these beautiful and valuable things are very popular with them.

Kapaliya has no interest in these things.

As a Zerg, and a class of Tucker, as a member of her zerg army, there are few men who dare to look at her in Star Trek, not to mention the pursuit or gift of gifts such as gemstones. It is.

"I don't like it or hate those gifts. Is there a feeling of happiness when I receive the gift?" Gu Huai slightly bent his eyebrows.

Even if it is a class of Tak Zerg, but Kapaliya is a woman, Gu Huai is very happy that someone can treat Kapalia with the attitude of treating normal women.

Kapaliya nodded after thinking for a moment: "One point."

Gu Huai almost understood, and he tentatively asked: "Aaron has said to Luna that he likes it. When Luna heard it, would there be a feeling similar to when she received a gift?"

"If there is, even if it is only a little bit, it shows that Luna also likes him a bit." Gu Huai is a serious man.

The Zerg's emotions are really weak, especially Kapaliya is so indifferent and very slow in this aspect. If Gu Huai does not let her take the initiative to think about this problem, Kapaliya may never think about it.

Kapaliya's erects shrank a little, and she fell into thinking because of Gu Huai's words.

When Gu Huai finished, he would not say more about it. He mentioned that it was enough. The rest is not what he should manage.

This weekend, Aaron cultivated new flowers in the research room.

He hasn't slept for two nights. It was originally a handsome face with two big dark circles on his face. He also had bloodshot eyes in his eyes. It looked like he couldn't wait to sleep right away.

But Aaron was not sleeping. He stared at the cultivation dish in the study room, for fear of the loss of the flower he was cultivating.

A love forum on the Star Network said that sending a unique and valuable gift can be a favorite for a girl than to send a simple and expensive gift. Aaron feels quite reasonable, so he immediately practiced it.

Although he has no experience in cultivating new flower species, he is not a scientist who does this kind of research himself, but whoever makes him a genius can learn everything.

"Well... wait until this flower is cultivated, and you have to make the first hundred and eight times." Aaron took out a small book and made a record on a blank page.

The first hundred and seven times have failed, but as long as this is not an event with zero probability, the more he tries, the closer he will be to the touch.

With this in mind, even if this 108th confession is a failure, it seems to be happy.

Only one hundred and eight times failed to be confessed. He failed to do a research, and the highest reached more than 20,000 times.

In comparison, one hundred and eight times is really too little.

In the pursuit of the likes of the person to come up with a full scientific research spirit, but did not wait for Aaron to cultivate this flower, his research room door was pushed open by Kapalia, "嘭" slammed into the wall, The white walls seemed to be shaking.

Without control, Kapaliya went into the lab without saying a word, and walked to the only person in the lab.

Aaron stunned for a second, and Kapalia never took the initiative to find him, but Aaron had no time to have any happy or excited feelings. He now wants to be self-sufficient -

He stayed in the lab and didn't close his eyes for two days.

But this is not the point. The point is that he has not taken care of himself for two days.

He is like this now. Of course, it doesn't matter to see other people, but seeing Kapalia will not work.

When it was over, Aaron thought in his heart.

His 168th confession, it is estimated that he will die so half way.

Aaron was still thinking about it. Kapaliya came to him and stared blankly at him with a pair of light gold gimmicks. After staring for a few seconds, he suddenly said, "I should I like you a bit."

After that, add it again: "A little bit."

One will say one, two will say two.

Kapaliya recalled that when Aaron said to her, her happiness was a little bit, so she said now that she should have a little bit like each other.

Aaron stayed in an instant, let alone the reaction. His whole person is now no different from petrified, and his body is stiff.

Just thinking about it, Aaron has stopped thinking.

After the words were finished, Kapaliya turned and left. She seemed to just say this sentence, and she was going to leave when she finished.

I did not forget to close the door of the research room, but this time, the door of the laboratory was not so lucky, and the hinges were torn off.

Kapaliya looked at the whole door that was pulled out by herself. She kept the door down, her expression was immovable, and she continued to leave indifferently.

Aaron was shocked back to God by the slamming sound of the door. As soon as he returned to God, there was still a sense of unreality.

Happiness comes too suddenly.

Even if Kapalia made it clear that he liked it a little bit, the Zerg’s feelings were only so small, and there was nothing to satisfy.

Don't say a little bit!

Just give him a trace!

It’s not bad, but it’s too low, and Aaron’s consciousness is very high.

Aaron continued to cultivate his flowers with satisfaction, and finally he was nurtured. He took this flower to carry out his 108th confession.

Although Kapaliya gave him the answer in advance, this form can not be less.

Kapaliya glanced at the flowers in front of her, and looked at the young man who looked at her with bright eyes like a puppy in her eyes. She said nothing, but took the flowers.

Kapaliya carefully understood her feelings now.

I don't like the gift and I don't hate it, but I will be a little happy.

If this is proof that she likes this person a bit, then Kapaliya thinks she has to say something clearly.

"I like you a little, but the most important person for me is still your majesty, so the question you asked me before, my answer will not change." Kapaliya's sentence sounds quite Indifference.

Aaron did not react for a while: "Which question?"

Kapaliya said: "You and your Majesty fell into the water at the same time, I will save the problem first."

Aaron didn't expect Kapaliya to remember this. He smiled indifferently: "Then I learn to swim by myself. I can save myself in the water and help you save it first."

"Your Majesty is very important to you, so he is also very important to me." Aaron was not beaten by Kapaliya listening to the ruthless words, still looking at the other side brightly.

This is not because of likes or humble or does not care about their weight in the other's heart, but because they like it, and understand the meaning of Gu Huai's existence for Kapaliya, Aaron will say so.

Gu Huai is the most cherished person for all Zerg, and protecting Gu Huai is the instinct of every Zerg, and even their meaning of existence.

If you lose Gu Huai, the Zerg heart will probably freeze.

Therefore, since he said that he likes Kapaliya, Aaron thinks that he certainly has to pay equal attention to Gu Huai.

If you can't even do this, then he doesn't deserve to like it.

When I heard Aaron’s words, Kapaliya’s expression was slightly loose. She continued to look at the other side and said, “Your Majesty is the most important to me, but you can rank second.”

"If I am at risk with you at the same time, I can only survive one person, I will let you live," Capalia said.

This is the second meaning, and Kapalia moved herself to third place.

The Zerg's likes are very simple, and the general performance is like this.

The Zerg is generally not likely to say anything, but such a truth has made Aaron think he can fall on the spot.

Aaron reluctantly fixed his mind: "This kind of words should not be said by the woman. It should be that I protect you."

Kapaliya was frosty. She glanced at Aaron and said in a concise manner: "You can't."

The mental power, the standard scientific researcher, has no fighting ability, and Kapaliya speaks objective facts.

Aaron never felt that he was hit, but this time the words "You can't do it" suddenly slammed on his head like a hammer, and he almost vomited blood.

Men must not be said to be impossible, especially by those who like them.

"I will!" Aaron hurriedly retorted and said with a firm tone. "This has nothing to do with fighting ability. I am also willing to give you life."

"I will protect you." After a firm end, Aaron finally whispered and said, "... Luna."

Aaron had heard of the nickname of Kapalia from Gu Huai early, but he never said it before. It was the first time.

Kapalia's expression is the same, only the vertical squat can see the slight contraction, licking the lips.

The first time I heard someone said that it would protect her, Kapaliya felt novel.

It seems a bit too happy to be novel.

She doesn't need human protection, but Kapaliya doesn't hate people saying that she is protecting her.

"I can call you like this in the future?" Aaron was full of eyes, and after he took care of himself, this looks very handsome and pleasing.

Like a puppy.

Kapaliya still feels this way. She doesn't look at each other's overly bright eyes and takes a tacit attitude toward Aaron's problems.

Aaron has been interested in research for a few days, and his brains can't remember the research data these days. Think about it for a while.

Without research, Aaron went up to the love diary forum that he thought was useless before.

Unexpectedly, after he left the sentence to go, the post he sent was still a message, and was still pushed to the front of the forum section.

Love Diary Forum - Miscellaneous Section

1225l (landlord):

I am with a, although her most important person is b, but she said that I can rank second, I am very happy.

Seal.

1226l:

? ? ? ?

1227l:

No, you can't seal it.

This post must be topped up.

1228l:

Anecdote appreciation.

1229l:

This is not the highest state of the spare tire...

1230l:

Marvel.

1231l:

Marvel +1

1232l:

Marvel +2

......

......

Aaron had said that he would not reply any more, but he could see that these people have been so surprised, he replied with one more sentence -

1551l (landlord):

You don't understand.

After the reply, Aaron completely ignored this post.

As soon as the forum was closed, the terminal was closed, and he was thinking about Kapaliya saying that he liked him a bit.

Not long after the relationship was confirmed, Aaron received a communication from his family.

"What? Introducing a girlfriend?" Aaron looked at Kapalia, who was near him. He didn't want to decisively refuse. "I have a girlfriend, you don't need to introduce me."

what? ? !

On the other side of the newsletter, Aaron’s parents reacted even more.

Their sons were able to find their own girlfriends, and the two elders were shocked.

"What does the girlfriend look like? What kind of race? What kind of work?" After the end of the third, Aaron’s parents realized that they might be too anxious to ask, and slowly said, "It doesn't matter what you look like. It doesn't matter which race people are, you like it."

"It doesn't matter what the job is. Even if the girlfriend doesn't have a job, anyway, your job will have money and you can afford it."

Aaron’s parents are together. It’s a rare thing for their son to be a bachelor for a lifetime. The girlfriend’s condition is normal or even if it’s almost, they are all acceptable.

"Well..." Aaron looked at Kapaliya and felt that his parents would be scared. "These questions are not mentioned first. When I have a chance, I will take her to see you. I will know when I get there." ""

Aaron dealt with his parents so much. When he said this, he was very unrecognizable because he didn't know if Capalia would be willing to go to see his parents.

"You can go tomorrow," Capalia said.

Aaron didn't react for a long time, and he listened to Kapaly and said coldly: "If I decide to go tomorrow, I will arrange the battleship now."

"Also... can be." Aaron didn't even know what he was answering.

In short, it was completely unprepared, and Aaron took the Eurasian warship to Sochi on the second day.

He panicked in the battleship command room, and Kapalia, standing next to him, calmed down.

No, this is not because he went to see his parents. He just brought his girlfriend back home to see his parents. Why is he nervous? ?

Aaron couldn't think of an answer, but he was inexplicably nervous.

Aaron’s home was in the villa area of ​​the capital of Sochi, with his girlfriend entering the house. When Aaron saw his parents see Kapaliya, both of them suddenly looked stunned.

My son's girlfriend is a zerg...!

I didn’t expect it to be a Zerg, and Aaron’s parents were slow to slow down.

"She is called Capalia." Aaron said beside him.

Aaron’s parents quickly raised their smiles and said kindly: “Hey, sit in the fast forward, don’t stand at the door.”

The Zerg is nothing. Now the Zerg is completely different from the previous one. Aaron’s parents think so, and it is easy to accept this.

"Hello." After sitting down, Kapaliya bowed to the two elders.

Aaron’s parents were very happy to be there. The two of them looked at Kapaliya sitting opposite, and the more they looked, the more satisfied they were.

The girlfriend of their son, temperament did not have to say, looks very beautiful.

Then I started chatting. Aaron didn't have a chance to interrupt, and he looked at Kapaliya calmly and comfortably to deal with his parents' problems.

"Then what do you usually do, like Aaron, is it related to research?" Aaron's parents are still curious about this issue.

"Working..." Capalia frowned slightly.

When Aaron’s mother saw Kapaliya’s reaction, she immediately guessed: “Is it difficult to say what secrets are involved? It doesn’t matter if you don’t say it.”

"No." Kapaliya responded that she just didn't know how to describe the nature of her work.

"My job should be..." Kapaliya calmly thought, and then tried to express it with accurate sentences, "the ruler of the planet and the legion."

Aaron's parents: "???"

They were shocked.

Aaron took a slap in the mouth and he had to play.

"This is the case..." Aaron began to focus on explaining to his family.

Explain that five minutes was finally explained, and Aaron’s parents listened to the explanation and the two were still in shock.

My son's girlfriend is one of the four army leaders of the Zerg! !

Aaron’s parents now have the feeling of being too irritated to faint.

It was not very clear that they had talked about what was going on. When Aaron was ready to take Kapalia to leave, Aaron’s father said, "Let us entrust him to you."

Aaron: "..."

Do you know what you are talking about? ?

Kapalia nodded: "Yes, I will take care of him."

Aaron’s eyelids jumped, and there was a sense of powerlessness in his heart.

On the contrary, it is all against.

This is his line.

"You are not happy?" Capalia noticed Aaron's expression.

Aaron scratched his head: "Not..."

"In fact, very happy." Aaron said with a smile.

Kapaliya stared at Aaron, she heard that it was very important to see the parents.

"Well, that's good." Kapaliya rest assured.

Then she will be a little happy.

Aaron looked down and then quietly held Kapelia's right hand.

Parents have already seen it, but who knows that he hasn’t even taken care of his girlfriend’s little hand.

On the fighting ability, Kapalia was able to crush Aaron's hand in an instant, but when he was held, Kapalia was only slightly stretched.

Despite the indifference, she was willing to hold her hand to her, and she did not refuse.

Aaron couldn't help but bend his mouth.

He suddenly thought that the order would not matter, and it wouldn’t matter who said the line.

They are so good now.

Chapter 90 Extra

Written at the forefront, because this is a premise based on various assumptions, so many places will have contradictions with the text setting, and you don't have to go deep into the contradictions.

——

Most of the abandoned planet is filled with sand. The spring of this planet is not gentle with the hustle and bustle, the summer is not bright, the autumn is silent, and the winter is extremely harsh and cold.

On such a planet, it is not easy to find a place to shelter from the wind and rain. The creatures living on this planet are basically very ferocious species.

Even if it is not fierce, there must be people who have the ability to survive.

Because the living environment of the planet is so bad that you want to survive on this planet, the creatures on the planet must evolve in a direction that is more adaptable to the planetary environment.

For the two young babies who were born without a broken shell and without any guardians around them, they are in the hidden caves that are not easily found by outside creatures. This is the greatest fortune.

And one relatively less fortunate thing is that in this coldest winter of the abandoned planet for decades, the cubs that were bred in these two cubs were born on this difficult planet. .

The two cubs are black and white, and although they are actually lying quietly, they seem to be close together intimately.

The first to break the shell is the black baby egg.

No one cares, the crisp and subtle "beep" sound appears in this dark and silent cave, and as the first sound comes, the same sound continues to appear and is much clearer.

This is the sound that the cub strives to break through the eggshell.

The light just seems to be able to see that this pup is very healthy and strong, and the natural physique should be quite good.

Even if there is no one to take care of, the surrounding environment is so bad, and it is still growing without being shaken.

Under the efforts of this cub, soon, the eggshell of the black juvenile egg was completely broken, and the cub hidden in the eggshell was also drilled from the inside.

This is a worm-like cub with a round, light golden erect squat and white fluff.

Yalves, some of the inheritance that was born when he was born in the young egg, made the cub know his name.

When I was born, the first thing that Yalves made was not to follow his survival instinct to eat his own eggshell. Another race instinct that is much more powerful than the survival instinct allowed it to pay attention to the one next to it. Juvenile eggs.

"Oh." The cub screamed at the young egg that was in front of it.

This is the important thing it wants to protect. It was born as a guardian, and Yalves instinctively produced this consciousness.

Because it wants to protect this young quail egg, it was born earlier than the other.

Although it was just a newborn cub, Arvis showed the guardian's posture as soon as he saw the white puppet next to it.

At this time, Yalves did not know the whole picture of the world. He did not know what kind of place the planet was born. In this case, the first thing he learned after birth was not eating, but protection.

It is difficult for a cub to have any protective ability. Arvis puts the small fluffy tail behind it gently on the cub, which is guarded by it, and the rounded light golden erect is slightly shrunk. Get up and keep the state of alert to the surroundings.

In fact, this kind of protection behavior may not be as strong as it can be, but it is already the best guardian that a young child can do.

Eggshells are the best nutritious food for zerg larvae. Only a small piece can provide enough energy for activities and promote the growth of larvae.

So in general, the Zerg's cubs don't need or change to other staple foods before the eggshells are eaten.

This is in line with the mind of Arvis, with food around, so that it does not have to leave the important treasures it wants to protect in search of food.

Eating is still necessary, so in the depths of this dim cave, the cub keeps the fleece tail on the side of the cub, and begins to eat the eggshell in the guard state.

After eating only a small piece to meet the demand for food, Yalves devoted himself to the task of guarding the young eggs.

"Oh." With a sleek, light gold squint, he watched the treasure he guarded, and the cub made a clear cry.

The young eggs will not respond quietly, but Yalves looks at the light golden erects of this young quail egg or the bright and bright light.

The eggshell was enough to eat for half a month. After a few days passed, Arvis did not go anywhere, and he only kept the pure white puppet next to it.

The caves are very dim, day and night, but Yalves has excellent night vision ability, and the dark environment does not affect its observation and action on the surrounding environment.

In this unchanging dim, Arvis suddenly heard a sound that broke the darkness and silence.

"Hey."

A very light voice, if it weren't for the cave itself, it was very quiet, and the sound might not even be swayed by the wind, and it was directly covered by other environmental sounds.

But even in such a quiet environment, Yalves, who guards the young man, will never miss this voice.

The erect squats and shrinks tightly. Yalves, who has been holding the plush little tail against the baby egg, is finally willing to remove its tail and retreat a little bit, then look at it. Accurately stare at the tiny crack in the eggshell.

Yalves had not had much time to break the shell a few days ago, and it easily broke the eggshell, but this young egg in front of it is not the case.

After the initial sound, after a few tens of seconds, there was no new movement. After a minute, the silence was quiet, and the second voice was heard.

"Hey, hey -"

This time, the young quail egg finally cracked a clear and obvious crack.

"Hey!"

It seems that I saw the difficulty of breaking the cub in this young egg, and Yalves instinctively screamed, and the plush little tail behind him also hit the ground with unconscious force.

The cub, who is trying to break the shell in the eggshell, received the urgency and worry of Arvis and worked harder on the broken shell.

After a while, the cracks on the young eggs continued to expand, and finally, after accumulating to a certain extent, the young eggs were broken.

"Oh." There was an eggshell on the head, and a soft, black cub, like Yalves, was drilled out of the broken cub.

This cub has a golden erect like a glass ball, which is different from the light gold of Yalves, and is a golden warm color.

Just born, this cub seems to understand that Yalves is its guardian, it can rely on each other.

Seeing this black cub, Arvis had just irritated the plush little tail that hit the ground and suddenly tilted up.

The reaction of the tail can almost intuitively represent the mood of Yalves, and raising it like this and slightly lifting the tail, it shows that it is happy now.

Also with inheritance, the black cub born with a broken shell also knows his name. It is called Gu Huai, and it tells the other party when he sees Yalves.

"Hey."

"Hey."

The two cubs exchanged in proverbs and exchanged names with each other. After doing this, Gu Huai put his eyes on his eggshell.

The black cub began to eat the eggshell, and Yalves looked around and guarded the other side to eat.

Unlike Yalves, Gu Huai once felt a sense of drowsiness after eating a small piece of eggshell, but Gu Huai couldn't sleep like this.

This place is so cold.

The black cub after eating the eggshell worked hard to get up, but even if it did, it could not resist the cold of the surrounding environment.

The planet is in a harsh winter, and it is much colder than in previous years. They are not fortunate to be born in this season, and they can only endure the cold.

This kind of cold has no effect on Yalves, but Gu Huai will be very hard.

"Oh..." still feels cold, and the black cubs who have formed themselves in a group instinctively make a sound and seek help from another cub who guards it.

The glass ball-like sleek golden cymbal is a bit moist, like a pair of crying, crying, and guilty, because it is very cold, the ground of the cave is so cold, so the uncomfortable environment makes this black young I am very uncomfortable.

The performance of Gu Huai quickly gave Yalves a quick response. Arvis put his equally fluffy body on Gu Huai and used his body to warm the other.

The adult Zerg's body temperature is relatively low, but the body temperature during the puping period is relatively warm, and the fluff on the pups also plays an important role in keeping warm.

The two cubs are so close together that they are much warmer than when they are separated. Arvis also puts the fluffy little tail behind him on Gu Huai, as much as possible to make Gu Huai feel warmer. At the same time, this is also a gesture that clearly protects the other side.

There was another baby's fluffy body leaning against it. Gu Huai soon felt that the cold around him seemed to be driven away, and it finally felt a little warm.

Although the ground is still cold and hard, but in the same place for a long time, the small place they are waiting for is not cold.

The place to sleep is not soft at all. Yalves doesn’t feel anything. It guards the young eggs that haven’t broken the shells all the time. It’s always been here, but it can’t feel that Gu Huai’s is not so adapt.

But in addition to the feeling that it was very cold, the eyes were a little wet, and the black cubs that were nested with Yalves now did not call for help.

Probably it also knows that now they don't have to ask for a better living environment, they can only adapt to it.

It is good to be free from freezing.

"Oh." The black cub with the golden eyelids gave a soft snoring to Yalves, which is a call for dependence.

Yalves also responded with a voice: "Hey."

Although Gu Huai did not express his dissatisfaction with the living environment, after seeing Gu Huai's incompatibility, Yalves was still comfortably sticking to the black cubs next to him.

"Hey!" was combed with fluff, and the black pups that were standing in the body rounded it and it was round and golden.

In the Zerg, it is of special significance to comb the fluff to another cub.

Gu Huai was shunned by a few sloppy fluff on his head. When Arvis gave him a hairy hair, he accidentally picked up the pair of small horns on his head, making Gu Huai feel a little itchy. of.

The other cub hair that is dependent on is more agitated than Gu Huai.

It has already felt sleepy in itself, and Gu Huai gradually fell asleep during the process of sorting the fluff by Jarvis.

When Gu Huai fell asleep completely, Yalves stopped to move to Huai Huai to sort the fluff.

Being cuddled and dependent, and feeling this in a short time, Yalves became more and more aware that Gu Huai needs it to guard.

If it does not guard Gu Huai, Gu Huai is even difficult to survive this cold season.

Strengthening his identity as a guardian, Yalves still squats with its light golden erects and does not fall asleep with Gu Huai. The inherent instinct and ability of the game allows Yalves to detect shortly after the birth of the shell. When it comes, the environment outside this cave must be dangerous.

To this end, Yalves instinctively hopes that he can grow faster and have combat capabilities.

I don't know what kind of world I will face when I go out to this cave, maybe it's colder and colder, but at least for now, the two cubs that are leaning against each other in the cave are feeling the warmth of each other.

On this unpalatable abandoned planet, they come together.


Chapter 91 Extra

When Gu Huai woke up in her sleep, the first thing she felt when she opened her eyes was the body of another young fluff.

"Oh." The black cub that woke up snorted.

From falling asleep to waking up, they are all tied together without separation.

Discovering this, the black cub did not consciously move the same small fluffy tail behind him, and the sleek golden plaque seemed to rise in brightness.

Because of the sense of security, and because this cub is determined by this, it can indeed rely on Yalves.

Yalves will not ignore it, it is guarded by Arvis, and the consciousness of Gu Huai becomes clear.

Yalves did not move, keeping the black cub next to it and responding in a snuggle position: "Hey."

At this time, the place where they are located has been turned from night.

The temperature in the daytime is slightly better than the night. At this time, the two cubs are still cuddling together, and the black pups who are afraid of the cold can have some warm feelings.

This kind of warmness is of course very comfortable, which caused Gu Huai to not want to separate from Yalves for a while, so he obviously woke up, and opened the golden cub of Jin Jin, and he continued to lean on the other side next to it. Also on the cub.

The dependent Yalves will not refuse, it completely indulges the behavior of this black cub, and the small fluffy tail behind him is always guarded on this black cub.

If Gu Huai does not take the initiative to separate, Yalves will rely on it to keep warm.

However, Gu Huai is more curious about the surrounding. Since the temperature in the day has risen slightly, it does not rely on Yalves and it doesn't feel cold. Gu Huai finally couldn't help but move around and wanted to explore this. A totally unknown world for it.

For a cub born with a broken shell, everything in the world is unknown, so Gu Huai is also curious about everything.

The black cub is no longer in the body, it rises and looks around, the glass ball-like golden urn is filled with the curiosity of the world, then it lifts the front paws and begins to explore the place.

After the birth of the broken shell, Gu Huai had not moved like this. After he was born to obey the instinct to eat the eggshell, he immediately became sleepy and wanted to sleep. Now he just woke up.

Walking is a natural ability to master, but the black cub that is ready to explore is just beginning to walk, and it can be seen that it is not so skilled.

Just a few steps away, the plush body was accidentally stumbled to the side.

However, Gu Huai did not stumble on the chilly cave floor. Arvis came to it in time and used his body to cushion it.

"Oh." The black cub, who is squatting down the body, is even more afraid of it. The golden cymbal looks bright and bright.

The same is a young child, and Yalves is better than Gu Huai in both physical and physical aspects, and is obviously better than a little bit.

In terms of taking the road, Arvis can only be agile when he is born with a broken shell. It even has certain combat capabilities.

Its claws are quite sharp, and Gu Huai is different.

It is not easy for Gu Huaiguang to be born with a broken shell. Now it is as weak as an ordinary cub, so it needs the protection and care of Yalves.

Gu Huai wants to explore the surroundings, and Yalves will accompany it to avoid Gu Huai's trip again. Yalves always uses his tail to adjust his body balance.

It was too late to adjust, and it also let the black cub that only explored fall on it.

This cave is very large. For a young cub with such a small body, it takes some time to explore the cave.

The caves in the day are still dim, and the light coming in through the entrance to the cave is much more.

When the black cub was near the exit of the cave and curiously wanted to go outside, it was stopped by Yalves.

"Hey." Yalves did not let Gu Huai go outside.

Although curious, but Gu Huai is obedient at this time, it is back from the entrance.

Gu Huai looked at Yalves: "Hey."

Yalves first glanced at the position of the cave exit with its light gold erect, then leaned over the body to lick the small horn on the black cub next to it.

Yalves did this to appease Gu Huai.

Gu Huai does not know what kind of world is outside, and Yalves is keenly aware of the danger.

For food, Arvis knows that it will need to take the initiative to face the danger outside, but it will not let Gu Huai experience this.

Before the eggshells are eaten, the activities of the two cubs are only in the cave.

The eggshell is enough for half a month to understand that the eggshell is the best nutrient, and Yalves pushes its eggshell to Gu Huai.

“Hey?” The black cubs made a buzzing voice.

Yalves was originally born a few days earlier than it, and gave it to the last part of the eggshell, and Arvis had no food.

Gu Huai wants to push Yalves back to its eggshell, and Yalves blocks it.

Yalves told Gu Huai that he was going outside to find food and let Gu Huai stay in the cave.

To be separated from Yalves, Gu Huai instinctively does not want to: "Hey, hehe..."

The black cub squats and leans its plush body against Yalves.

Since the birth of the shell, it has been guarded by Yalves, and Gu Huai naturally has a natural dependence on Yalves.

Unwilling to let Arvis leave it, this is also a manifestation of dependence.

Gu Huai followed Yalves to the cave exit. It was smashed by Yalves and finally obediently stayed in the cave.

"Hey."

To come back soon, the black cubs of the round phoenixes have no doubt expressed this meaning.

When Yalves gradually left, after completely invisible, the black cubs left in the cave no longer looked out, waiting for Arvis to return.

In the Zerg, there are no cubs who will give their eggs to another cub. Even if they don't know about this, Gu Huai can understand that Yalves is very good for it.

After leaving Gu Huai, after coming out of the cave, Yalves faced the ridiculous and barren sights seen outside the cave, and it did not have any ignorant or confused performance.

As a higher class zerg of class a, Yarvis was born to be strong, although it is still a cub born just after the shell was born, and the fluffy little tail is not attacking at the moment, but it Born to know how to survive.

It now has all the fighting power from its minions, how to use the body to fight, which is also the ability that Yalves has mastered.

The aborigines on this planet are very ferocious, but if you only deal with one, then Yalves is not enough, but still can be solved without injury.

Yalves is not prepared to bring the **** food back to the cave. This may cause some scented enemies to find the location of the cave. In fact, Gu Huai eats the eggshell and does not need other food, but Yalves. This trip went to Gu Huai to bring back a fruit that it found.

When Yalves returned to the cave, the black cub waiting in the cave immediately snorted and approached it, and the squat was full of bright and happy.

Yalves pushed the huge fruit that he brought back to Gu Huai.

Although this fruit is black and lacquered, it doesn't look very good. However, before bringing this fruit back, Arvis tried to cut another fruit of the same kind. It felt that Gu Huai would like it. .

"Hey." The black cub moved the golden dragonfly, Gu Huai looked at the fruit, of course, knowing that it was food.

How do you eat this fruit? The cubs are of course directly biting the food, and Gu Huai did.

But Gu Huai can't bite.

The black-painted outer shell of this fruit is too hard for Gu Huai. Gu Huai bites hard and there is no trace on the outer shell of the fruit. Instead, its teeth are somewhat painful.

To eat but not bite, the black pups that failed to fight against the fruit reacted very directly. The sleek golden cymbals were so cold that they were unreasonably wet for a second. So they were so wet with their eyes, almost tearfully went to look for Yar. Weiss.

"Hey!" Not only is it tearful, but the voice is also obviously different from normal time.

This is the voice of asking for help. Just as Gu Huai felt cold at the beginning, it also made such a call to Yalves.

Yalves can be said to be cold when facing fierce creatures outside the cave. Even if it is a cub, the nature of the Zerg makes it not pity in the battle.

But Gu Huai looked at it with such wet eyes, and Yalves would only want to satisfy all the wishes of the other party.

Yalves did not consider that Gu Huai would not bite the outer shell of the fruit. It sticked the claws out of the claw sheath, then lifted the front paws and stroked the fruit.

Yalves seems to be just a light stroke. Gu Huai’s fruit that he couldn’t bite was so easily cut away. The thorns on the fruit were also cut off by Yalves and finally placed in front of Gu Huai. It is a fruit that opens a good mouth.

The hard shell of the fruit is full of sweet juice, and the black cubs are close to the opening of the fruit and start to sip in one bite.

Gu Huai liked this fruit very much, and the fruit was brought back by Yalves, so after eating, Gu Huai leaned on the side of Yalves and used his fluffy body to lick each other.

"Oh." After the smashing, Gu Huai learned the practice of Yalves, and gave the other side a small amount of fluff.

Yalves likes to be close to Gu Huai, knowing that Gu Huai is easy to sleep after eating, and Yalves will not move, let the black cub next to it fall asleep on it.

During the day, Gu Huai does not have to rely on Yalves, and the temperature becomes colder at night. It must have Yalves to warm it until it is frozen, so Yalves never Go out to hunt for food at night.

The eggshell that Gu Huai ate was finally finished after more than half a month. At this time, there was no change in his body, and the small fluffy tail behind Yalves was already fading. It became a silver-gray tail with a metallic texture and a cold touch.

Gu Huai was particularly curious about the silver-gray tail of Yalves. He knew that the tail was cold and cold, and he had to touch it, even bite it with his teeth. Of course, it was just a kind of bite. I fell asleep when I pressed my body over it.

Yalves is tossing its tail by Gu Huai. Actually, even if Gu Huai bites hard, its tail will not be injured. Instead, it has to worry that Gu Huai’s teeth will hurt.

During this time, in addition to hunting, Arvis went back to Gu Huai and brought back a few large, soft feathers from a certain bird creature on the planet.

A few large feathers stacked together can turn into a fairly soft and comfortable sleeping nest, so that Gu Hua can sleep more comfortably every day while sleeping.

After eating the eggshell, Yalves still did not let Gu Huai go out. It now brings Gu Huai back to the meat food every day. It is the kind that is cooked.

There is a special environment in a place on the north side of the cave. The rock here is peculiar and the surface is extremely hot. Yalves will throw the **** flesh to the top, wait until the blood gas disappears, and the meat is thoroughly cooked before bringing it back to the cave.

The black cubs in the caves are fed by Arvis every day. It is obviously a poor abandoned planet, and Gu Huai can be said to be spoiled.

Gu Huai was vaguely aware of the danger outside the cave. Yalves did not let it go out. Although he did not say the reason, Gu Huai was willing to obey.

Because Gu Huai knows that it has no fighting ability, if you have to follow it, it will only make Yalves inconvenient to take care of it.

But one day, Arvis was not coming back. Gu Huai waited in the cave and waited, and finally couldn't help but go out and look for each other.

The black cub leaving the cave saw the world outside for the first time. It did not see any beautiful scenes, and it was ridiculous.

The world outside the cave is many times larger than the cave. How to find Yalves in such a vast world, the young can only sniff in the air, trying to smell the atmosphere of Yalves along the way.

But of course it is impossible to smell it. Gu Huai can only hesitate to choose an intuitive direction to find.

Walking, the cubs went to a place that was a bit like a grove.

Gu Huai did not make any noise on the way, it instinctively knew that making a sound would attract the enemy.

This is true, but even if it doesn't make a sound, the sound that comes out when you walk will be noticed by the beast.

A fierce creature hidden in the bush suddenly appeared in front of Gu Huai. This beast is extremely large compared to Gu Huai. Gu Huai may only have the claw size of this creature. It does not look normal. .

"Hey...!" The black cub stared at by the beast was obviously scared, and the round golden eagle suddenly became more rounded, and the coix also shrank slightly.

Not only young, but also weak, such a small prey of this size, this fierce beast is not in the eye.

In the face of such a dangerous and huge enemy, the black cub stared at by this ferocious creature had to squash.

"Hey, hey--" Because of fear, this black cub is very easy to moisten the golden dragonfly, instinctively want to call Arvis.

Under such instincts, Gu Huai established a small spiritual link for the first time.

Almost at the same time that Gu Huai established a spiritual link, Gu Huai had only had time to see a small shadow that jumped up, and then the huge fierce creature in front of it suddenly fell.

It was Arvis who jumped up and placed the silver-gray tail behind him on the head of the beast.

Yalves stared at the sight of the dead beast like a thorn, and the black cub not far away approached it like tears, until it hit, Gu Huai really settled down. It is.

After peace of mind, Gu Huai quickly noticed a small flower that Yalves had with his mouth.

When Gu Huai returned to the cave, Arvis put the flower that it held down in front of Gu Huai.

The reason why it came back late today is this reason. Because I saw a flower and wanted to take the flower and bring it back to the cave for Gu Huai, Yalves took some time.

"Oh." This is a gift, and Yalves expresses this meaning to the black cub in front of it.

"Hey!" Gu Huai quickly responded to the same snoring, and his eyes lit up.

Seeing the reaction of Gu Huai, Yalves used the silver-gray tail behind him to tentatively touch the fluffy tail of the black cub next to it, and then circled it lightly.

In fact, Yalves did not quite understand the meaning of this move, but it instinctively felt that this was a very serious move.

Making this action should be the same as committing to protect each other forever.

After this trip, Gu Huai finally knew that the outside world was ridiculous and dangerous. Gu Huai first realized the cruelty of the outside world.

Gu Huai fell asleep on the soft feather pad after eating. As it snuggled into the sleep of Yalves, dozens of Tak worms living on the planet received spiritual links. I am heading in the direction near this cave.

When Gu Huai was shocked, he established a small spiritual link. This spiritual link was enough to cover the whole planet. The Tektronians who received the spiritual link almost immediately entered the violent battle state due to extreme anger. .

These Tucker worms came to this abandoned planet many years ago, and they have been living in the other hemisphere opposite to this cave.

The outside world is cruel, but the king who is born at the top of the Zerg pyramid does not need to experience this.

When the black cub sleeping on the layers of feathers wakes up, it will have many parents who love it.



Chapter 92 Extra

Because of the outing of the event, it was mainly because Gu Huai did not intend to use the spiritual link when he went out. The consumption of mental energy made it sleep for a long time.

Unconsciously sleeping for a long time, the black cub sleeping on the soft feathers opened his eyes, and immediately felt the other cub next to the pair of small horns on his head.

After finishing the pair of very small horns, and giving it a few sloppy fluff on the hoe, in the process of being combed and combed, Gu Huai only woke up from the awake to the end.

"Oh." The black cub seems to be a bit happy, giving a soft squeak.

I knew that I had slept for a long time, but after I woke up, I still saw that Arvis was on my side. Gu Huai was of course happy.

It’s already afternoon, and Yalves went out of the cave in the morning.

When Gu Huai wakes up and then gives Gu Huai a good fluff, Yalves is ready to go out.

But Yalves was blocked by Gu Huai.

"Oh." The black cub who made the sound slammed the body of Arvis with the pair of small horns on his head, and pushed Nevis back just a few steps away.

If Yalves does not obey, Gu Huai can't really push it.

Obviously, in addition to the individual involvement in the security of Gu Huai, Yalves has almost listened to Gu Huai.

"Hey?" was pushed back and not angry, Yalves just asked Gu Huai.

The black cub that was asked did not respond with a voice, but the body of the fluffy body was smashed to Yalves, and he leaned against the other side with a beautiful color.

In fact, there is no reason for Gu Huai to push Yalves back, just because it was scared by the beast outside the cave yesterday. It relied heavily on Arvis today.

Specifically, it seems to be like this, and will not let Arvis leave.

However, Gu Huai did not think about anything. It saw that there was a lot of food left by Jarvis before returning to the cave. It is OK to not go outside for food today.

Yalves inadvertently moved the lower tail because of the closeness and contempt of the black cub near him. Now the silver-gray small tail behind it has considerable attack power, and the tail hits the cave floor. It is easy to knock out a crack in the ground.

Yalves didn't converge on the power of his tail, and the black cub that leaned against it was slightly scared by the sound of a sudden sound, and he snorted closer.

This is a manifestation of dependence. The object that will be thought of and approached in the first place when you are afraid must be the most dependent on the other party.

Yalves once again looked at the small horns on Huaitou, and also kept the silver-gray tail behind him on the black cub next to it. It is not ready to go outside the cave today.

The cubs are all hoping to be accompanied, not to mention the fact that since the birth of the broken shell, only Sanvis has been guarded and accompanied by Gu Huai.

If you don't understand that they need to survive first, Gu Huai will probably ask Yalves to stay with him and go wherever he wants.

"Oh." I knew that Yalves would not go out today, and the black cub, who was comforted by the horns, snorted, and the small fluffy tail behind him also lifted up to the height.

Even if there is nothing in this cave, neither the toy nor anything else, as long as they are accompanied by each other, the two cubs living in this cave are still very fun.

Two cubs can play together, although strictly speaking, Yalves is more like playing with Huai.

Gu Huai went to the tail of Yalves, and Yalves cooperated with hiding. After hiding several times, it intentionally let Gu Huai touch a little, and finally let Gu Huai successfully hit its tail.

This game, Gu Huai seems to play, not tired, play every time.

When the tail of Yalves was thrown, the golden erect of Gu Huai would be even more rounded, and this time it smashed the tail of Yalves after the fight.

Gu Huai's intention was to comb the fluff to Yalves, but it was forgotten for a moment, and the tail of Yalves had turned into a cold cold silver tail, and there was no fluff on it.

The light gold erects of Yalves are also round together: "Hey!"

After playing for a while, Gu Huai was finally a little tired, and it stopped to move.

So Arvis re-protected his tail to Gu Huai. At this time, Yalves's tail was not enough to encircle the black cub next to him, only half a circle of guards.

Gu Huai never thought that this cave would be discovered by the enemy, and Yalves now accompanied it, so it was completely relaxed.

Yalves was also a little relaxed, but the keen sense of hearing made it quickly notice the movement from far and near outside the cave, and Yalves immediately alerted him.

Gu Huai did not find anything: "Hey?"

Although he did not find any outside movements, the obvious warning that Yalves showed also made Gu Huai realize something soon. It suddenly no longer made any sound, and he stayed close to Yalves, half a bit. Do not move.

It was discovered that the intruder of this hidden cave came to the fore. Only a moment, Gu Huai heard the sound, and the intruder probably had already reached the entrance of the cave.

Listening from the sound, there are more than one or two intruders who broke into the cave. There may be a group, which makes Gu Huai unable to worry and fear to lean on Yalves.

The Tak Zerg who entered the depths of this cave first saw this scene.

- The cub is afraid.

Discovering this, the scarlet red of these Tak worms seems to have deepened a lot, and the scarlet eyes that were originally fierce and cold look even more terrible.

Gu Huai felt scared. Originally, these Tucker worms would angrily clean up other creatures within a few hundred meters around the cave.

Because in the view of these Tucker worms, it must be that this environment makes the cubs feel less secure, so Gu Huai will be afraid.

But the joy of finding Gu Huai is filled with the hearts of these Tak zerg, and the emotion of joy prevails in the heart, making these Tucker worms reluctant to leave now.

They found the precious treasures that are most important to them.

Found to be the same family, Yalves instinctively knows that it has the ability to control Zerg and other Zerg, other than their own class. It stares at these Tucker worms and slowly detaches from the battle during the examination.

Yalves is still on alert, and Gu Huai has changed his mood after seeing these Tak zerg.

Gu Huai possesses an ability that Yalves does not possess. This ability is only born as the king of the Zerg - it can sense the emotions of other Zerg.

Therefore, after these Tucker worms appeared in the line of sight, Gu Huai perceived their emotions.

These Tucker worms are not malicious to it and Yalves. What Gu Huai perceives from them is a very warm emotion. They seem to care about it and care about it, just like...

Like parents who love their young children.

What is a parent?

There is no adult care around the birth, only a young guard who is also accompanied by a guardian who has just broken the shell for a few days, Gu Huai seems to understand.

It seems that there are no parents.

Whether from the perceived emotions or instinct, Gu Huai felt that these Tak zergs would not harm it. At the time when Yalves was still relatively vigilant, Gu Huai suddenly moved.

The black cub, who was originally placed next to Yalves, took a step forward. From this point of view, it was the sharp forearms of these Tektrones who were like sharp edges.

The Tuckers who entered the cave had no intention of attack. To confirm this, Arvis did not drag Gu Huai back.

The closer you are, the more clearly Gu Huai feels from these Tucker worms.

The temperature in the cave has not changed, it is still very cold, but I don't know why, because of the emotions that are perceived, Gu Huai has a warm feeling.

Are these Tucker worms in front of it a parent?

Involuntarily, the black cub, which was carefully stared at by a group of Tucker worms, couldn’t help but raise his head.

"Hey...hey." The cubs tried to scream at the Tucker.

It is easy to see from the black cicada's round golden urn that there is a long-awaited light, and the cub is obviously hoping to get a response.

Hearing the soft sounds of the cubs, these Tucker worms suddenly shrank vertically, but they did not move.

It is not unwilling to move, but for these cold Tak worms, they do not know how to care for a baby.

But the Tak worms' unrelenting reaction was seen in Gu Huai's eyes, just as they were completely unmoved, so the cubs who were just looking forward to it were a little retreating.

I still want to try again.

"Hey." The black cubs had the courage to make another cry, and this time, there was some water in the golden plaque, making the eyes of the cub look moist.

The performance of Gu Huai makes these Tak worms realize that they can't move.

But the cubs want to do what they do?

What do they do, will the cubs be happy?

It is not easy to think about such a problem with the lack of wisdom of the Tucker. It is only instinctively, the head of the Tak zerg under the gaze of Gu Huai, subconsciously lowering the body, and then carefully extending it to the nearby black cub. Sharp forearm.

It hugged the cubs with their forearms.

"Hey!" Stayed on the sharp forearm of the Tucker, and was taken to the heights, and the cubs quickly rounded up the golden dragonfly.

Farther and farther from the ground, when stopping, Gu Huai found that it was put on the shoulder by the Tak zerg that picked it up.

It’s so high.

The cub is obviously happy, and it wants to be higher. The black cub on the shoulder of the Tucker worm is aiming at the target position, and then the head of the Tucker that carries it without hesitation. climb.

Gu Huai ran to the top of the Tak Zerg.

"Hey!" This is the highest.

The black cub staying on the head of the Tucker is not very safe. It moves around and the Tak zerg carrying the cub does not move.

But it was not completely unresponsive. The Tucker worm made a low snoring from the throat.

Even if it was only a short-lived contact, Gu Huai now understands that these Tak zerg will protect it like Yalves.

Gu Huai easily accepted these Tak zerg, and after seeing that these Tak worms would become the guardians of Gu Huai, it also put the remaining warnings.

So from this day, there are more than two cubs living in this cave, and the Tucker worms live with them.

It is also from this day that Gu Huai is free to go outside the cave.

Yalves is a higher class zerg of class a, but because it is still just a cub that has just been born and not born for a long time, its growth rate is fast, but it is not enough to let it carry it without hesitation. Gu Huai went out to the outside of the cave.

But after a group of Tucker worms, the situation is completely different.

Although these Tucker zergs are low-ranking zerg, they do not have too high intelligence, no abilities, or even advanced humanoid forms, but they are already the top of the food chain on the planet.

The creatures on this planet are no longer fierce, nor are they the opponents of the adult Tak Zerg.

Just like relying on Yalves, Gu Huai also relies on these Tucker worms who are regarded as parents.

Under the care of the Tak Zerg, Gu Huai and Yalves went out to the outside of the cave.

Gu Huai still went to the grove that he had been there before. The last time there was no parent, Gu Huai did not make any noise on the way.

This time, with the parents going out, Gu Huai did not care at all.

There are many wild animals in this grove. After all, most of the planet is ridiculous. A rare green area with water is occupied by the most ferocious aborigines.

A black baby with a fluffy body and a round body is in this grove, like a snack that is automatically delivered to the ferocious creatures that perch in this grove.

Just such a small one, the teeth are not enough, but the beast will not dislike or let go of the food delivered to the door.

Rarely allowed to go out of the cave activities, or do not have to worry about the kind of security, Gu Huai saw any curious things and ran over.

It saw a flower growing from the crack of the stone, and as Gu Huai approached, a tall, ferocious beast suddenly came out of it behind the huge stone.

The black cub rounded the golden urn and immediately turned to run to his parents.

"Choo Choo Choo--"

The Tak Zerg who took care of Gu Huai was very close to it. When the creature appeared, the Tak zerg immediately protected Gu Huai.

Gu Huai was held on the shoulder by a Tak zerg, and he looked down at the large beast that had just appeared in front of it.

This beast is so big, Gu Huai just thought so, but staying on the shoulders of the Tak Zerg, from a height, this beast seems to be not so big.

Its parents are several times larger than this beast.

"Hey!" Cubs complained to their parents without a teacher.

Even if Gu Huai did not complain, in the eyes of these Tuckers, this beast scared their cubs.

The Tuckers who care for Gu Huai have no mercy on any enemy who attempts to harm Gu Huai. They quickly solved the enemy coldly.

The beasts have a survival instinct. The fierce creatures that originally inhabited this grove are now aware of the danger. They realize that the black cubs are not close to them and must be avoided.

I also thought that this black cub was the food that was delivered to the door. Now the aborigines in this grove have deliberately avoided the place where the cubs explored.

The aborigines did not want to give up the grove, as long as they did not appear in front of the black cub, and the huge Tucker worms behind the cub would not care about them.

This grove has become a playground that Gu Huai can explore at will.

Gu Huai finally ran to the flower that he had just seen. Gu Huai smelled the flowers and suddenly wanted to squat on the grass for a while.

Before, I couldn’t come out of the cave for safety. After I got a parent, it’s not the same. Gu Huai sleeps outside and wants to sleep.

"Oh." Gu Huai wants Yalves to sleep with it.

So Yalves took the initiative to lean on the past, and the two cubs snuggled together. Next to a small flower that grew out of the crack and swayed with the wind, the black cub on the left quickly fell asleep.

The Tuckers care for the sleeping cubs, and they don't put any danger closer.

Of course, no creature will want to be near now.

After having parents, Gu Huai has since become the top of the food chain of this abandoned planet.



Chapter 93 Extra

If someone else comes to this abandoned planet in a remote galaxy, it will probably be amazed by what you see on the planet.

The planet is perched on a variety of ferocious creatures that have evolved or mutated, but the dominant planet of this abandoned planet is a young and not capable of any fighting ability.

They will see that a black cub is moving around on this dangerous planet without any scruples, driven by curiosity, and dare to explore anywhere.

Once tired in the process of exploration, there is nothing to do with the body to sleep.

Shake the fluffy body and shake the small tail behind it. This is where the black cubs of the golden scorpion go, and the creatures in that place will quickly evacuate.

It can be said that this cub is walking across this abandoned planet.

Of course, the creatures on the planet are not afraid of the cubs themselves. They are afraid of the group of Tak worms behind the cubs.

These Tucker worms, like parents, are always in the care of the cubs, and will keep the cubs on their shoulders or heads, and will satisfy all the requirements of the cubs.

When Gu Huai showed curiosity about a bird creature that looks like a peacock, this beautiful, very fierce raptor had to docilely let the black under the threat of a group of Tektrones. The cub plays its feathers and even bites off several pieces.

"Hey." Looking at the beautiful feathers that the roots like, the body looked at the increasingly round black cubs and returned to their parents. Gu Huai showed this red feather to Yalves.

Yalves had no interest in feathers, but in response, it was close to the small horns on the black baby's head.

When I got the feathers, Gu Huai was not curious about the bird, so the Tucker worms around it did not attack the intention, and the aborigines who were finally let go quickly ran far.

After the show was finished for Yalves, Gu Huai continued to show the parents the feathers it held. When he made a squeak, he also paid attention to not letting the feathers fall to the ground.

The Tucker worms around Guhuai did not actually pay attention to the feathers. They saw that the golden eyes that the baby cubs looked at were very bright, and the young cubs yelled at them, so the Tucker genus instinctively uttered low from the throat. Low hum.

The cubs who got the response were even more happy. The feathers that were clearly held were not rare things. They were not fun toys. The black cubs that were watched by the Tuckers were still happy.

Although the living environment of this abandoned planet is very bad, Gu Huai has been protected from suffering since the birth of the broken shell.

It is being pampered.

Both the Arvis and the later Tucker worms gave it the best of everything.

It’s just that the best things on this abandoned planet are also very limited, so they can’t give Gu Huai more.

If they are on a good planet, they will be better for them.

How to get to a better planet?

It is still the cubs of Gu Huai and Yalves who can't think of this problem for the time being. This abandoned planet is now the whole world in their eyes.

The Tucker sects thought of it, but they tried hard to think, and they still couldn’t figure out the method.

The battleship that brought them to the planet has completely crashed. There are no other warships on the planet that can be used. Without the necessary tools, they can't leave the planet.

“Hey.” I don’t know what the parents are thinking about, and the black cubs who are back to the parents are starting to bark and ask.

This is the meaning of the voice.

Just two slams, Gu Huai was picked up by the nearest Tak zerg to his shoulders.

The pups who are being pampered are not satisfied with the status quo. Gu Huai stays on the shoulders of the Tak Zerg and moves left and right. He wants to go anywhere and does not run by himself, but screams for the parents to carry it in the past. I only look around to see the world.

I am ignorant and simple, and I can always be happy very easily. Most of the young people are like this.

I have been living like this since, and Gu Huai feels very good.

The winter of this planet is cold again, it must not be frozen, and the rest of the winter is warm.

However, as the king of the Zerg new life, Gu Huai cannot always be discovered by other Zerg.

When we grew up for a few more months, Gu Huai’s spiritual strength grew at a horrible rate, and one day it established a spiritual link that directly covered the entire race.

This time the spiritual link is not created because of fright, but the cub is interested in the ability that he has. When interest comes, it will be used.

The previous spiritual link had only one sphere, and Gu Huai now felt that it could build a wider range of links, so it did the same.

Choo Choo Choo!

In the moment of playing with Yalves, a spiritual link was established. In just a short moment, all the Zerg in the interstellar heard the voice of Gu Huai in consciousness.

It is a very soft call.

As soon as I heard it, this should be the voice of the cub who was not born long.

It was also at this moment that the Zerg, which was still split into three legions, achieved an unprecedented unity in action, and they began a carpet search in the interstellar.

The movement was very loud, and I was shocked by the various races in the unknown.

"No, there is no way to determine the exact location of the king."

In order to better search, the technical staff of the three Zerg regiments are all concentrated together, but with a short spiritual link, they can't determine the detailed coordinates of the spiritual link.

This makes the Zerg outside the abandoned planet very anxious. This kind of anxiety stimulates their spirit and makes them almost in a state of excitement. They don't want to rest completely until they find Gu Huai.

Fortunately, the spiritual link does not only convey this time.

Since receiving the first spiritual link, the Zerg soldiers have cold expressions, but they are eager to receive the king’s call for them again.

In this expectation, they waited for more calls.

Hey.

Hey.

Hey!

The sentiment was cheerful, which made the original expressionless Zerg soldiers illuminate their erects slightly.

The voice of the king is so cute...

Although not the same as the normal zerg cubs, this does not prevent the Zerg soldiers who received the spiritual link from generating this idea.

Wang should be playing, so so happy.

Just listening to the sound, the seemingly cold Zerg in their minds can not help but imagine the cubs are playing pictures, such imagination makes these Zerg feel happy.

It’s just joy to be happy, they can only start measuring coordinate searches right away with extreme joy.

With so many spiritual links, it is much easier to measure the coordinates, and the technician quickly locates the coordinates of the abandoned planet.

At this time when the fleet of the three Zerg regiments is ready for positioning, most of the abandoned northern hemisphere is raining.

When it rains, I can't go out. After months of birth, this is the first time that Gu Huai saw the rain. It was curious about the rain falling from the sky, and even the rain made it feel fresh.

Gu Huai listened to the words of Yalves and the parents, saying that they could not go out and would not go out. The black cubs were only near the entrance to the cave, watching a pair of round golden urns watching the rain outside the cave.

The rain is heavy and the rain is loud.

For the cubs who have just been born for a few months, Gu Huai’s face of the four seasons has not been seen.

After a cold winter, I should have ushered in the spring, but this abandoned planet is too barren and ridiculous. It failed to see the lush green and vitality in the spring.

But even if it was a rain, the cubs would feel happy because of curiosity and freshness, but when Gu Huai was fascinated, the sky suddenly exploded.

"Hey."

All of a sudden, the black cub staying near the entrance to the cave did not want to run to Arvis, and then pushed Yalves to hide behind the parents.

"Hey." The cub said to the parents that the thunder just made it scary.

The Tuckers who care for Gu Huai have learned how to cub, and if the cubs are scared, it is good to hold the cubs at this time.

So a Tak worm held the two cubs on the ground to the shoulders, and then it carried two cubs near the entrance to the cave, so that Gu Huai, who was interested in the rain, could continue to look outside.

This was carried by the parents, and there was a thunder that suddenly sounded, and Gu Huai was not afraid.

And looking at it, facing the rain screen, a group of dark shadows that are not clearly visible due to rain cover are approaching -

Both Yalves and the surrounding Tak worms noticed in advance that they were on alert.

Because the closer they are, the closer the figures are becoming clearer in Gu Huai’s golden erect.

"Oh." The black cubs resting on the shoulders of the Tucker worms suddenly snorted.

It was also when Gu Huai made a cry, the Zerg troops outside the cave were in the rain, and they were overwhelmed by joy.

What happened afterwards was very logical. Gu Huai was taken to the new planet by the Zerg forces who came to look for it. Of course, Arvis and the Tucker who had been watching it also left.

When it comes to which planet to go to live, the black captains who were taken to see the star map by the three legions of the army took down the golden plaque, and the paws were pressed on the top, and the figure was pressed.

So Tuse Star became the capital of the Zerg Zig, and the Zerg split into three legions automatically unified because of the birth of Gu Huai.

Today, the Zerg has no intention of foreign aggression. After the Zerg has made a big noise because of the search for Gu Huai, the intelligence recently discovered by the various Stars of the Stars is awesome—the Zerg is busy raising the baby.

This information has made every race stunned and once suspected the authenticity of the information.

But it is true.

The Zerg are busy preparing a soft bed for Gu Huai, preparing nutritious and delicious food, and preparing various small toys.

After leaving the abandoned planet, after being received by Thur Star, the world suddenly became completely different in the eyes of Gu Huai.

Gu Huai knew this time. It is not that every planet is ridiculous and sandy, and there are rich and beautiful planets. You can see many beautiful scenes on other planets.

The fact that Gu Huai was born on the abandoned planet made him feel sorry for receiving it from the Zerg family, so they now spare no effort to bring all the best things to Gu Huai.

The bed of the cub was made of the softest nebula in the interstellar. When Gu Huai was taken back to Tuse Star and showed that he wanted to sleep, it was taken to the bed.

"Oh." The black cub staying in the bed and asked Yalves to accompany him.

When you sleep, you must be accompanied by Yalves to sleep. This is a habit that Gu Huai has developed.

Yalves is also always willing to agree with Gu Huai's request, this is not an accommodation, but it is willing to spoil Gu Huai.

"Hey." Feel the softness of the bed, the black cubs that have been a little sleepy, snuggling with Yalves, and snoring to the parents who watched it around before going to bed.

The Tucker worms are okay, and the other Zerg who are unwilling to go have a gaze, and they feel that their breathing suddenly becomes a little difficult.

The bed nest made by Xing Yun Jin is softer and more comfortable than the bed with only a few layers of feathers, and it is very warm.

The first time I slept in such a comfortable place, the black cub in the bed was closed for a while and fell asleep.

They all live on this planet in the future.

This planet is better than the previous one. It can live with the parents on a better planet. Even the cubs who are very ignorant of the world are instinctively happy.

"Hey...hey." Gu Huai issued a nightmare.

The cub's nightmare made the Zerg, who was guarded around the bed, more cautious, and couldn't help but breathe lightly.

It’s good, they found the king.

No matter what happens in the future, Wang will grow up in the favor of the Zerg.



Chapter 94 Extra

For people of all races in the interstellar world, the Zerg is really a race they can't understand.

A well-defined pyramid-like society can also understand that there is no other race with similar social structure in the interstellar.

The Zerg is determined by the natural class to be in the race. The higher the class, the stronger the ability, which is also reasonable.

But now, the Zerg suddenly has a king.

The king of the Zerg is still a cub, and it is said that he does not have any fighting ability.

Such kings are simply out of place in the Zerg, but all Zerg are willing to obey a weak ruler, and willingly, which makes it difficult for people of other races in the Stars to understand.

But no matter what other people can understand, the Zerg people don't care anyway.

What kind of meaning does the king have for the Zerg, and people of other races will not understand it. Even if it can theoretically explain the reasons, it cannot truly understand this meaning.

At this time, in the conference room of the military department, a plush black baby cub was free to move on the black stone table in the conference room, and the activity was active. The front paws also stepped on a piece of paper. Quality documents.

This is an agreement document about the diplomacy between the two races, which is quite important, but the black cubs on the black stone table are stepping on.

At the end of the meeting, the black cub stepped on the document at least three or four times.

This scene should not have appeared in the serious military department meeting room.

The ninth leaders sitting on the left side of the square table did not dare to express their opinions. The zergs sitting on the right side of the square table, the three lords of the Zerg, and the members of the high-level parliament of Tusestar were all immobile.

Although the face is expressionless, the sight of these Zerg is obviously moving along with the black cub that is active on the table. The attention is clear at a glance.

“Hey?”

I have never seen the Helters, and Gu Huai is curious to go to the few 901s who are sitting opposite the parents. When they are close, they will observe them.

The ninth people who were observed did not dare to move. They knew that this diplomacy could not be achieved. I am afraid that this little cub responded to them.

This thing sounds incredible. How can racial events be determined by the attitude and reaction of a young cub, but the Zerg is so unreasonable.

"Oh." Curiously observed the Guard who was sitting opposite, the black cub responded with a soft snoring sound.

At least it was not resentful of their performance, and the ninth being observed in the conference room was a little relieved.

In the end, it was a stranger, and Arvis, who was still on the table but didn’t move much, used his tail to drag the black cub that was running to the opposite side.

Being dragged back in this way, Gu Huai snorted again, but obediently no longer passed.

But go, then take advantage of Yalves.

In theory, young cubs should like to stick to their parents, but because they are accompanied, Yalves is the first guardian of Gu Huai. Gu Huai likes to pull Alvis together almost no matter what.

Play to play together, eat together to eat, sleep is to sleep together.

The juvenile Gu Huai is undoubtedly very sticky, and the Zerg are very happy about it.

Gu Huai will stick them from time to time. At this time, the Zerg who followed the black cubs will be very happy.

As for what Arvis feels about it, see the reaction of it. The black cub squats at it, and the tail of Yalves is guarded by it. The two cubs snuggle together and look close. .

After a while with Yalves, Gu Huai did not take long to get up and approached the parents.

The discussion meeting took place for a while, and at the conference table for a long time, Gu Huai felt a little hungry.

Hungry to find the parents, the black cub moved to the edge of the table, also the location closest to the Zerg side, and then screamed: "Hey."

The cubs said that the screams of wanting to eat and the screams of the usual nuances are nuanced, and they sound softer, and the Zerg are undoubtedly very keen on the voice of Gu Huai.

This call interrupted the entire meeting, and the Zerg side of the person acted for a moment.

Sitting opposite the Helters, they watched the presence of the Zerg high-rise in the military department meeting room to take out the powdered milk and Pubano sap, and a small bottle, soaked in half a dozen seconds. Bottle of milk.

Can you respect this meeting room? ?

** The ult people thought about this in their hearts, and they couldn’t stand still on the surface.

Then, the Zerg told them the answer with action.

- No.

Not only in the military department meeting room, but also one of the heads of the army, Capalia, picked up the small bottle that was incompatible with her, and carefully fed the black cubs who had just called them.

During the feeding period, only the sound of the pacifier at the top of the cub bottle was left in the entire conference room.

The sound was a bit, light, and very rhythmic. The Zerg people who were present listened to this voice, and then looked at the picture of their own king, drinking milk, and the erected light suddenly.

After drinking a small bottle of milk, Gu Huai soon wanted to sleep, so it didn't take a while to get up and fall asleep at this conference table.

Still a young girl, Gu Huai could not understand the content of this meeting, nor did he know how his actions would affect the meeting.

But anyway, it sleeps like this. It is obvious that the Zerg and the Helter who are sitting face to face do not use voice to communicate, and change to use text to send messages.

The entire meeting room was quiet, and the black cubs on the table slept very comfortably.

The Zerg is very fond of their king -

Through this diplomacy, the 9000 people have clearly and thoroughly recognized this matter.

Because at the meeting, the black cubs who lived on the table did not show a dislike attitude towards the ninth, the diplomacy of the two races was successfully established through this meeting.

Why the Zerg who was originally in an absolute state of independence is willing to conduct diplomacy is still attributed to Gu Huai.

The Zerg, who is busy raising young babies, has neither time nor interest in war plundering.

More importantly, they do not want to let Gu Huai see the scene of the war.

For the former Zerg, the war was only a neutral word. It was not bad or bad. The Zerg had a plundering nature, and they were used to war.

However, when they were watched by the young cubs who were still ignorant of the world, the Zerg suddenly felt that the war did not seem to be a good thing. They should not let Gu Huai see it.

With this idea in mind, there are star thieves who have made a living in the neighboring stars of Tuse Star, making them gunfire, which is no less provocative for the Zerg.

Therefore, the Zerg quickly killed the star thief who was living in the vicinity of the Texus star. The neighbors suddenly got a comfortable environment. They couldn’t help but guess what the Zerg suddenly meant to help them. Human diplomatic temptation.

The establishment of diplomacy is conducive to the promotion of peace. Considering it, the Zerg agreed to the visit of the Hurts.

There is one and two. After the Helters, the Zerg’s diplomacy gradually expanded.

After spending a few years in a safe and healthy day, the Zerg suddenly ushered in a big move -

Both Gu Huai and Yalves have advanced into a humanoid form during their infancy.

Wearing the small clothes specially prepared by the Zerg, the height of Gu Huai sitting on the sofa chair is only one meter.

In the humanoid form, Gu Huai has a soft black hair, a pair of black eyes and a fair complexion. Although the looks are still very young, they also look particularly good.

Gu Huai was sitting on the sofa obediently at this time, and it looked like the standard baby.

Gu Huai's humanoid form does not have any zerg characteristics. The small horns in the larvae form are not preserved, the eyes are changed from gold to black, and the pupils are round.

At first glance, Gu Huai is now easily misunderstood as a human cub.

But the Zerg did not feel anything about it. They first glanced at the humanoid form of Gu Huai and lit their eyes.

In the eyes of the Zerg, Gu Huai’s humanoid form in his early childhood is very cute.

And the same advanced form of the humanoid, Yalves is very different from Gu Huai. In the humanoid form, Yalves has a racial trait that can be recognized at a glance. His eyes are light golden erect, There is also a cold silver-gray tail behind it.

The size of Yalves is higher than that of Gu Huai, but at most it is only one meter. He is now only a three-and-a-half-year-old cub.

Gu Huai is not interested in his own humanoid form, but he is very interested in Yalves, just like when he is at the moment of cubs, Gu Huai is also close to see the tail of Yalves.

Gu Huai looked at the tail of Yalves and went back to see him behind him. He said, "Tail."

Gu Huai means that he does not have a tail.

Just saying a word, other people may not understand what he meant, but Arvis understood, and at this time he moved his tail to Gu Huai.

Gu Huai had no tail, and Yalves gave his tail to him.

Gu Huai hugged the tail of Yalves for a while, and let go when he had enough.

"Your Majesty, do you still like these clothes?" Ai was half-baked in front of Gu Huai, his eyes soft.

It’s hard for the cub to have a personal preference for the dress. I feel comfortable wearing it, so Gu Huai nodded.

The humanoid form is more convenient than the original form of the young cub. Gu Huai is interested in this form of activity. He chased a small bird in the courtyard and chased after a dozen minutes. Unfortunately, he couldn’t catch up. .

This little bird has a yellow feathered feather. It seems to be not too afraid of people. When someone catches it, it flutters its wings and flies out a little distance and falls back to the ground.

What if I can't catch a bird?

For Gu Huai, this is not a question that needs to be considered, because he has already developed the habit of relying on Yalves and parents.

Gu Huai glanced at the little bird and determined that the bird had not flown away. He quickly returned to Yalves.

If there is anything that is not available, Gu Huai can easily make his eyes moist when facing Arvis.

It is also now that Gu Huai’s black eyes have a little light, and he looks at Yalves like this, then stretches his finger at the yellow bird that falls to the ground not far away.

"I want that." Gu Huai quickly asked for it.

In the blink of an eye, Yalves caught the bird pointed by Gu Huai and placed it in Gu Huai.

Yalves did not hurt the bird, he thought that Gu Huai should want to live.

It is difficult for Gu Huai’s little hand to catch a bird, but it is probably the survival instinct of the creature. Arvis stood by, and the little bird did not dare to struggle.

Gu Huai did not do anything about this little bird. He just gently gathered the feathery bird, and then curiously touched the bird's wings.

After the touch, Gu Huai spread his hands and let the bird fly away.

Birds will fly, flying so high can see what kind of scenery, Gu Huai naturally imagined.

He can't fly, but he can also go to a very high place.

With such a thought, Gu Huai went to look after his Tak worms and hugged them. After sitting on the shoulders of the parents, Gu Huai was happy.

Has been favored by the Zerg to grow up, which makes Gu Huai somewhat pleasing to the pet.

Since the birth of the broken shell, Gu Huai has never had anything that he could not get. He is inevitably self-willed.

If you want to do what you want, you will be too free and comfortable, and you will rarely care about anything.

However, because it has always been favored, it has been treated gently by the Zerg who lacks the feelings of nature. Gu Huai’s heart has also grown the same gentleness.

No matter what you do, Gu Huai will not take the initiative to hurt others.

And the parents and Arvis told him what he could not do, he would be obedient.

His parents and Arvis will never hurt him, so the thing that he is not allowed to do must be because the thing is not good.

"Karu." Gu Huai read the name he gave to the Tucker who was carrying him.

The Tucker, who was called by the young, made a low hum.

"Karu is the highest." Gu Huai’s eyes brightly said this.

Among all the Zerg who have been seen by Gu Huai, the Tak worm that carries him is indeed the tallest. He can see the farthest scene every time he sits on the shoulder of Karoo.

The low humming sounds again, and the low-level Tak zerg does not speak. They can only respond to their favorite cubs with a snoring sound.

The names of these Tak worms were taken immediately after the Gu Huai advancement of the humanoid form. Everyone has a name. Gu Huai thinks that his parents also have names.

Gu Huai went into a humanoid form, and no need to use a small bottle for drinking milk, which made the Zerg feel deeply regretted.

But Wang himself is holding a cup and he is so cute to drink milk.

In fact, Gu Huai is now three and a half years old. It is not necessary to drink milk. However, in the case that Gu Huai is not excluded, the Zerg will continue to provide Gu Huai with a cup of fresh milk every day.

With Gu Huai's current height, sitting on the sofa, his feet can't touch the ground. When Gu Huai sat and drank milk, the chief of staff stood next to him and took photos with his video.

Gu Huai's life in the humanoid form and the cub form is not much different. He still lives in the Tuse Star, and the Zerg is always fond of him.

Until one day, Gu Huai suddenly pointed to a star page projected by the terminal and said that he wanted to go to school here.

The Zerg around Gu Huai immediately brushed the star page.

- Hilorian Kindergarten.

This is a kindergarten created by Star Alliance for all races in the interstellar race. The school has excellent resources and has achieved perfect scores in almost every aspect. It is the best conditional kindergarten in the interstellar.

Good return, let Gu Huai go to kindergarten, the zerg on the Thur Star is 10,000 reluctant.

When the king goes to kindergarten, isn't that going to leave them? ?

Their king is still a cub, they need their care, how can they go where they can't see -

If in that place, Wang was bullied by someone, and they couldn’t catch up with what happened in the past? !

In just a few seconds, in the brain of the Zerg, all the negative possibilities were conceived, and now the brain is a signal of rejection.

“Can't you go?” Gu Huai sat on the sofa and blinked. He took back the hand pointing at the virtual screen and stared at his parents.

It is easy for the Zerg to see the curiosity and expectation in Gu Huai’s eyes. The rejection signal in their minds suddenly became stuck, and the heart struggled fiercely.

On the one hand, I really want to satisfy Gu Huai's wishes. On the other hand, they are really reluctant to let Gu Huai leave Tussex.

"Do you really want to go?" Kapaliya asked in a low voice.

Gu Huai nodded and smiled again: "Hey... Yalves is going to be together."

Gu Huai’s affirmative answer made it difficult for the Zerg to refuse. The Zerg would still be the first choice with Gu Huai’s wishes.

So the three heads of the army and other Tuss high-level officials held a few hours of unanimously in the military conference room, and finally finalized the matter of sending Gu Huai and Yalves to the Hilloline Kindergarten.

The kindergarten started in September and is now in August. It is too late to register at this time.

The Zerg could not disappoint Gu Huai after agreeing to Gu Huai. Under the instructions of the three heads of the army, the chief of staff directly contacted the Star Alliance to discuss this matter.

Over the past few years, the Zerg has established diplomacy with a part of the race, and has also helped in several incidents related to the Star Alliance. The Star Alliance is no longer so wary of the Zerg today, at least from the danger list.

Suddenly from the Zerg side to receive this newsletter about kindergarten registration, the top of the Star Alliance is aggressive.

"Which two do you want to register?" Star Alliance has to question this. The Zerg should be in the form of a humanoid in adulthood, and it is impossible to go to kindergarten.

The Chief of Staff replied: "Your Majesty and Yalves are adults."

When the top leaders of the Star Alliance heard it, they couldn’t help but get stuck.

Did they not get it wrong?

The king of the Zerg, there is another two people who are arguably estimated to have the same identity in the Zerg... Most of them are a zerg, are they going to kindergarten in Star Alliance? ?

After the end of the battle, the Star Alliance is still a bit of a quick response, and another communication will give this matter to the subordinates.

The Zerg’s chief of staff personally sent a message to them, and the Star Alliance headquarters thought that there was a major incident in the interstellar that the Zerg had to contact them.

The result is only the registration of the kindergarten.

After the end of the communication, the top of the Star Alliance was aphasia, and the person in charge of the kindergarten-related matters that received the instructions from the higher authorities experienced the same pressure and trembled after the situation was clarified.

The king of the Zerg and the a zerg, one of the two are extremely honorable, and the former is a little bit of a loss.

Thinking of this, the head of the Hillorian Kindergarten, the headmaster’s forehead, couldn’t stop sweating because of anxiety.

What the principal did not touch at all, the principal couldn’t worry about it, but he could only do it with a hard scalp. He let the staff of the Academic Affairs Office enter the information of Gu Huai and Yalves in advance, and of course they are very interesting. When you start school, you should divide the two into the same class.

It’s always coming, and in a blink of an eye, the whole August has passed, and the school starts in September.

The planet where the Hilloline Kindergarten is located is the Lena Star. This planet is not far from the Tuse Star. It can be reached in less than half a day by the speed of the Yula warship.

The day before Gu Huai went to school, the mood of all the Zerg in the entire Tuse Star fell into an unprecedented downturn, and all of them were cold and faceless, and they knew that they were in a bad mood.

Otherwise they went to blow up the school -

In this extremely depressed mood, the Zerg on the Thur Star even produced this idea at a certain moment.

They drove the Eurasian warship and used the orbital guns to blow up the school so that the king did not have to go to school.

But Gu Huai wants to go, and when they think about it, the Zerg can only accept the reality with their eyes.

I heard that the children who went to school had to carry books, and the other babies had the things that the Zerg had prepared for Gu Hua.

One day before departure, Gu Huai ran to the parents in front of the warm yellow little bag carrying something.

Just like the beautiful feathers of the birds that were pulled out to show the parents, Gu Huai now runs the small bag to the Zerg.

"If you like this kind of thing, you can buy a lot of different things for you." The chief of staff lowered his head and said, "What color do you prefer?"

Gu Huai changed the warm yellow bag behind him to hold, and then said to the parents in front of him: "No other, I like this."

The sound of the cub is still very soft and soft, especially Gu Huai has a very soft black hair, a few hair tips on his delicate face, making him look very well-behaved.

This way, the Zerg people are not resistant. All Zerg people agree that they should be placed in all the kindergartens of StarCraft. Their own king must be the most lovely child.

By the morning of the next morning, the airport port of Tusestar was full of Zerg, who looked at Gu Huai and Yalves on the Battle of Yula, and looked at them all.

Gu Huai stood on the hatch, although it was only three and a half years old, Gu Huai could feel the disappointment of the Zerg.

Gu Huai thought about it and said with a serious expression: "I will miss you."

This sentence made the Zerg's low mood relieved, but still very reluctant.

Gu Huai, who is carrying a small bag, squints: "After three days, will you come to school to pick me up?"

The Hiloan Kindergarten is a three-day school and a three-day holiday, so Gu Huai asked.

"Of course, your subordinates will definitely pick you up." The chief of staff immediately should be next to him.

The fleet of warships of magnitude is set off. All but the main ships are frigates.

Gu Huai took Arvis in the main ship and looked at the nebula outside the transparent compartment and the unknown planets. When he saw that he felt beautiful, he also pointed to the Tucker Zombies who were around him.

"Hey..."

The cub said that it looks good and looks good. The Tucker worms who loved Gu Huai responded with a snoring response. The head of the Tak zerg raised his left forearm and touched it gently on the soft black hair of Gu Huai.

This is the "touching" action made by the Tak Zerg.

The Lena star was scared by the black crushed Yula warship group. The people on the planet were uneasy for a long time, and later learned that the Zerg’s squad was to send their king to kindergarten.

The king of the Zerg went to the kindergarten in Hilorian, and the news just spread, the whole star network was boiling, and there was a lot of discussion on the star network.

As a person at the center of discussion, Gu Huai was sent to the school class door by the Zerg. After bidding farewell to the parents, he and Yalves were walked into the classroom together.

Kindergarten is also divided into three grades. The third and fourth year old cubs are in the first grade. Gu Huai and Yalves are in the class one (three).

The opening of the Hilorian Kindergarten was reported in the afternoon. When Gu Huai and Yalves came to the classroom, there were not many children in the classroom who arrived before them.

The seat table was already displayed on the virtual screen, and Gu Hua looked up to see the screen and found his name adjacent to Yalves.

"We are sitting together." Gu Huai said, holding the hand of Yalves to go to the arranged seat.

Gu Huai and Yalves sit together and look like humans and Zerg's cubs.

This picture is a bit worried about some relatively early-influenced, young people who have been indoctrinated with the concept of a bad relationship between Zerg and humans.

I heard that the Zerg is a terrible race, and the Zerg’s cubs are terrible...

The youngsters who left the parents were somewhat insecure. The youngsters in the class looked at Yalves, who was sitting in the first row of the classroom. After observing a small meeting, everyone instinctively did not dare to produce The feeling of contact.

Probably the only one that would give them some kind of oppression compared to the cubs of all other races.

The appearance of Arvis's humanoid form in his early years is very good, but his face is expressionless, and the beautiful light golden erect is also cold, and the silver-gray tail behind him makes some pups intuitively in danger.

There are also races in the Hilorian Kindergarten. There are two students in the class of Gu Huai. They are all looking worriedly at Gu Huai, who is sitting next to Yalves.

Looking at the entire interstellar, the race that knows the most about the Zerg is undoubtedly human, and even small children will mostly hear about the Zerg in the parents' mouth.

Gu Huai knew nothing about the other cubs' fears about him, and he did not notice any sense of oppression. The students in the class had not arrived yet. Gu Huai sat in his seat and was a little sleepy. He carried it. The hand rubbed his eyes.

"I want to sleep." Gu Huai said to Yalves.

This sentence of Gu Huai sounds just to express his feelings. In fact, he has already made a request to Yalves.

Yalves’s black eyes that became foggy because of sleepiness, obediently said: “Well.”

After the completion of the voice, Yalves took the initiative to bring the seat closer to Gu Huai. Gu Huai lowered his head and squatted on the table, his head approaching Yalves, and after he leaned on, Gu Huai closed his eyes with peace of mind.

Originally, Yalves would accompany Gu Huai to sleep, but they are now in a strange environment with many outsiders, and Yalves will not fall asleep in this environment.

Sitting in the third row, Shen Mu and Hamer almost had to give their eyes out. The two children were anxious behind them, fearing that Gu Huai would be attacked by Yalves.

But as a result, they did a psychological construction for a while, and the courage did not bulge, but they saw that Arvis did not seem to be attacking his dark-haired cub.

It is not easy for a child to have a courage. Looking at this scene, the two children sitting in the third row finally played a retreat.

The class teacher is a female teacher. She was in the classroom from the beginning. After all the students in the class arrived, she organized the children to start introducing themselves.

One by one, the young round, in the past, when it was Gu Huai’s turn, the class teacher who knew Gu Huai’s identity did not dare to wake up, and hesitated to choose to skip.

The next one of Gu Huai was Yalves, who was leaning against Gu Huai, and Yalves did not want to get up. He looked at the young teacher on the podium with no expression.

For the light golden erects belonging to the a zerg, even if Yalves is now a cub, the head teacher's eyelids can't stop jumping, so I have to choose to skip again.

When Gu Huai felt awakened, it was already time for the children allowed by the class teacher to communicate freely. Gu Huai’s eyes went to the window and looked out curiously.

At this time, two children came to him. When they came over, they said to him: "You were just as dangerous."

Gu Huai stunned the girl and did not understand their words.

Shen Mu and Hamer looked at the black-haired cubs in front of their eyes and looked ignorant and ignorant. They quickly expressed their expression like an adult: "The Zerg is sitting next to you. The Zerg has a bad relationship with us. You are too far away from him. It may be attacked nearby."

Most of the family members of Shen Mu and Hamer work in the military department of the Earth Federation. In such a family, they know more things than the average child.

Gu Huai only grasped the last paragraph. He shook his head and replied very clearly: "Alvis will never attack me."

Gu Huai couldn't understand the words of the two. He blinked again and quickly returned to Yalves.

After sitting back in the seat, as if to prove what, Gu Huai directly hugged Yalves's tail and held it.

Shen Mu and Hamer widened their eyes together and stood a few meters away.

Not only the tail, but for the next whole day, Shen Mu and Hamer also watched the black-haired cubs in their eyes sticking to Yalves.

The two even sometimes held hands, and Yalves, who was pulled by Gu Huai, was expressionless, but did not refuse Gu Huai to him.

It seems that the relationship is so good that it is so good that Shen Mu and Hammer can't understand.

It is a bad relationship between humans and Zerg, is it true that the elders at home are deceiving them? ?

The two children began to doubt the reality.

On the first day, the newly enrolled youngsters spent the rest of the day, until the next day -

There is always one student in each school who is a bully in the school, and the Chorrian Kindergarten is no exception.

"Hey, give me something in your hand." Otto pointed to a cub that was obviously new to school.

Gu Huai looked down at the few candy he was holding in his hand, ignored the other party and walked directly from the side.

As a bully in the kindergarten, Otto has never been so ignored, he directly blocked Gu Huai's way, and then grabbed the things in Gu Huai's hand.

"You look good, I won't beat you." Little bully Otto said, but things still have to grab.

Gu Huai, who was robbed of all the candy, was so favored by the Zerg, and Gu Huai apparently never experienced such things as being snatched.

The reason why Otto can be a bully in kindergarten is because he is a Saatchi, and the Saatchi is the most recognized single-player race in the interstellar.

But to say that the Saqi people's race and Zerg are stronger, the Stars and the people will no doubt be considered Zerg.

The single-player combat is useless. The Zerg's sea tactics are the most fearful of the various stars in the interstellar.

What's more, the individual combat ability of the higher class Zerg of the β class is not much weaker than that of the Saqi people, and the combat ability of the Zerg is a complete crushing level.

Gu Huai squatted for two seconds. After the reaction, he subconsciously raised his lips, almost grievances into a tearful look, and then used this expression to go back and look for his Arvis in the class.

"The candy was taken away." The younger sister will not restrain his emotions. The young Gu Huai tears in and finds Yalves, who can rely on him.

I was also looking for a complaint from the parents, but the parents are not around now.

Gu Huai thought about the feasibility of using his spiritual link to complain with the parents. It seems that he will make a lot of noise and finally decide to only look for Yalves.

Shen Mu and Hammer heard a tangled face in the back seat.

You have been robbed of candy, so what is the use of the thief to succumb to a Zerg? It is better to tell them that the Zerg will not help you back.

When he thought about it, Hamer immediately stood up and the compatriots helped each other. He decided to help Gu Huai to grab things back.

However, just standing up, Hammer saw that Yalves obviously swayed the silver-gray tail behind his lower body and then pulled Gu Huai out of the classroom without a word.

This development made Hamer stunned, and he quickly pulled up his own friends to go out to teach the corridor outside.

For Otto, most of the cubs in the kindergarten are aware of it, and because they know that the other party is not good at it, when Gu Huai was robbed of candy, the other cubs around him did not dare to help.

People did not go far, and Arvis quickly found the target. Gu Huai thought about what to pay attention to and said to Yalves: "The teacher said yesterday that I should not fight."

Hammer pulled Shenmu out together. They saw that Yalves nodded to Gu Huai not far away, as if he had promised something.

Yalves did not fight with people. He just used his tail to make a deep pit on the ground at the foot of Otto, and scared the other person directly.

Yalves took the candy from the other hand, then went back to Gu Huai and put the candy on Gu Huai.

Although it is not clear why, the various ethnic groups who watched the whole process can easily know that Yalves is very good for Gu Huai and will not let other people bully Gu Huai.

Although it was not Gu Huai's initiative, but because of Yalves's obedience to him, after this incident, Gu Huai suddenly became the new little bully in the Hilloline kindergarten.

Only on the second day of school, no one in the entire kindergarten dared to bully him.


Chapter 95 Extra

Beloved by the Zerg, or more aptly said to be grown up, Gu Huai can always understand without a teacher -

Oh, in this place, Yalves/his parents are the best.

So what he can do if he wants to do anything.

Young Gu Huai is very dependent on people, especially good at relying on parents and Yalves.

Like some things, it is obvious that you can do it yourself. When a parent or Yalves is around, the first reaction of Gu Huai will be to seek help.

For example, in the kindergarten, Gu Huai eats candy, and sometimes he does not want to peel the wrapping paper by himself. Instead, he pushes the candy to the side of Yalves.

Gu Huai will look at Yalves and say, "I want to eat sugar."

Gu Huai's black eyes are clear and bright, and the sound is still tender, sounding as soft as the cries in the shape of the cubs.

Shen Mu and Hamer, who were educated by their families at an early age, looked at this scene and could not understand it.

If you want to eat sugar, you can peel off the wrapping paper. It is not so good to trouble others.

Both Shen Mu and Hamer are the only sons in the family. They are also held by the family as a baby since birth, but they do not know that the favor they receive from their family is not a degree to Gu Huai.

For the Zerg, if Gu Huai wants to eat sugar, it is a matter of course for them to peel off the candy paper and send it to the past.

There is no need to let my own king pay more for this effort.

Yalves’s idea was similar. He picked up a candy and broke the wrapper, but it was not completely peeled off. Instead, he used the wrapper to put the candy on the table and put it back on the Gu Huai table.

Gu Huai’s next move was to pick up the candy and put it in his mouth, but he looked at the color of the candy and suddenly blinked.

"Don't like this taste." Gu Huai pushed the stripped sugar back to Yalves, still looking at Yalves as he just said. "I want orange flavor."

The two human children in the third row couldn't help but want to let Gu Huai be able to stop. Yalvesi was willing to peel the candy paper for Gu Huai. They were already surprised. They did not expect Gu Huai to dare to toss a second time.

Gu Huai’s eyes were always bright and bright. After being heard by Gu Huai’s request for him this time, Arvis did not immediately start. He turned his eyes to see the five or six candy piled on his desk.

Shen Mu and Hamer looked at it and thought that Yalves was really impatient.

In the next second, they saw that Arvis seemed to confirm what he was, and reached out to pick up an orange candy.

Yalves did not see the mark on the wrapping paper of these candy, only at his own discretion.

In a few seconds, the candy was stripped of the wrapping paper and placed on the Gu Huai table.

When the request was met, Gu Huai seemed to be finally happy, and soon put the candy in his mouth.

When Gu Huai was happy, the eye tip would bend slightly. Arvis looked at Gu Huai’s eyes. The silver-gray tail behind him quietly moved. He picked up the one on the table that he had just peeled off. That candy, eat it by yourself.

The two human children who finished this in the third row have already lost their faces.

It's not just this thing.

Another example is that the laces are open. At this time, if Yalves is next to him, Gu Huai will look down at his shoes, and he will not stare at his own body, but stare at the shoes. After the meeting, I will raise my head and look at Yalves without saying anything.

In this way, Yalves will understand Gu Huai's request and consciously squat down to help Huai tie the laces.

The two human children raised their eyes together, which was another wave of cognitive shock to them.

Yalves is also a cub, but between him and Gu Huai, he is undoubtedly taking care of Gu Huai in one direction.

Yalves does not seem reluctant, patiently.

The life of the kindergarten is accompanied by Yalves. Gu Huai is a carefree person. Besides being a parent, he is happy every day.

On the morning of the third day of school, Gu Huai met in the corridor outside the class with Otto's narrow road that grabbed his candy and bullied him yesterday.

Otto passed the lessons of yesterday, and of course he did not want to provoke Gu Huai today.

Gu Huai saw Otto’s candy in his hand. He thought about it and learned that the other person stopped him yesterday.

Gu Huai recalled and simultaneously imitated, pointing to Otto: "Hey, give me something in your hand."

How did Otto say that he had been a bully for two years in kindergarten? He was so eager to grab something from Gu Huai. He didn’t want to face it, so he immediately said, "No."

Otto’s voice just fell in less than a second, and he watched the black-haired cub in front of him squinting at his mouth and making a tearful expression like yesterday. This expression made Otto’s inner bell Masterpiece.

Gu Huai made this expression, and now he is going to the front foot, and he will definitely go to Yalves, and then Arvis will come to him for trouble.

As a clever little bully, Otto quickly sorted out the possible causes and consequences, and he groaned: "That... it won't be impossible for you."

Gu Huai blinked, and the result seemed to be expected. The expression returned to normal in the blink of an eye: "Well, then I have to grab your candy now."

Before robbing the thing, I must first say it to the robbed person. After saying this, Gu Huai looked down at the milk candy in Otto’s hand.

Otto pouted, forget it, today he is unlucky, these candy will be lost when he is on the road.

Gu Huai watched for a few seconds, eventually took only one of them, and then put a fruit candy in his pocket on the other hand.

"I grab it, let's go." Gu Huai indicated that the other party can leave.

Otto:?

Will you grab this one?

Just grab one, forget it, give him a fruit candy?

Will you grab something? !

Looking at Gu Huai, Otto left with a difficult expression.

Gu Huai did not know what the other party was thinking. He felt that he had also become a bully. He and Otto are now at peace.

With the trophy grabbed, Gu Huai went to Yalves.

"I grabbed it from Otto." Gu Huai put the milk candy in the hands of Yalves, "Give it."

It has always been taken care of and protected by Yalves. Gu Huai’s first time, like the ability to express himself in front of Yalves, looks like a strange eye.

Gu Huai said "grab" with a tender and soft voice. Listening is really not convincing, let alone he said that he was robbed from Otto.

Shen Mu and Hamer, who were eavesdropping in the third row: "..."

After thinking about it, they understood it a bit. Gu Huai estimated that it was the power of Yalves, and Otto did not dare not give it.

Yalves is not a character who likes to talk more, but Gu Huai sends him something, and his tail can be seen from his slightly raised tail. This is a happy performance.

Yalves closed up the candy and didn't eat it: "I will return to the map star in the afternoon."

Gu Huai sat in his seat and shook his legs. He had great expectations for what Arvis said: "Well!"

In the end, it was a cub, and after leaving the parents for a few days, Gu Huai was definitely homesick.

The school day of the day passed quickly. At 4:30 in the afternoon, the school bell ringing in the Hilloline Kindergarten sounded -

"Hey."

The class teacher announced that he was leaving school at the same time as the bell rang, and the cubs in the class had to wait for the parents to pick up the class.

After sending their own kings to kindergarten, the Zerg people felt that the time was so long, and they were able to pick up the days of Huaihe’s return to the star. The three regiments arrived with their troops.

Three days ago, the Zerg who escorted Gu Huai to Lena Star did not return to Tusser. Instead, they bought a house in Lena, and kept an eye on the safety of the Hilloline kindergarten.

I also know that they can't just go back to Tussell. If they are in danger in their kindergarten, they will not be able to catch up.

After Gu Huai and Yalves finished the three days of study, they returned to Tuse Star again.

A Yula warship landed at the gate of the kindergarten, and the specifications of the warships have been intentionally narrowed, but this still makes other parents who come to pick up the children to look back.

Most of the parents who can help the youngsters to go to school in the Hilarian Kindergarten are not rich and expensive, but others can even show their intentions. At most, they only open small aircraft with expensive prices to pick up the youngsters.

The Zerg drove a Yula warship directly!

The other parents were dumbfounded, and the cubs in the kindergarten who were led by the parents to the school gate looked at the Yula warship with curiosity and envy.

Big and big ships, when can their parents open such a large spaceship to pick them up?

Gu Huai waited for the parents to pick him up in the class, and in his expectation, the three heads of the army and the Tucker worms soon arrived.

In the class where Gu Huai is located, his parents first came.

The class teacher told the upper three pairs of light golden erects that belonged to the zerg, and then to the scarlet erect genus belonging to the Tak zerg, and could not help but burst into trouble.

The feeling of the class teacher was quickly broken, because all the Zerg were not paying attention to her, but they were all watching Gu Huai.

At this time, Gu Huai had already got a good little bag and stood up. When he pulled Yalves, he ran to his parents.

I saw Gu Huai carrying a bag to the Zerg side and trotting all the way. Shen Mu and Hamer, who had not waited for the parents, had both stunned.

What did Gu Huai go to the Zerg?

This is not his parents.

But in the next article, two human children were subverted to cognition -

They looked straight at the tall Tak Zerg and put Gu Huai on his shoulders. Gu Huai also seemed to call the name of the Tak.

"Karu." The younger sister called the parents in a close and dependent manner.

The Tak zerg carrying the Gu Huai immediately responded with a low snoring from the throat.

Shen Mu and Hamer are still in a state of coercion. At this time, they saw the black-haired cubs sitting on the shoulders of the Tak zerg waving their hands: "Goodbye."

The two human children didn't have time to respond, and both Gu Huai and Yalves had been picked up by the Zerg who had come to the class door. Shen Mu and Hamer could understand.

Are they...

What has been misunderstood what is terrible? ?

Gu Huai, who sat on the shoulders of the Tak worms, was certainly eye-catching on the way from the class to the school gate. Gu Huai was surrounded by the Zerg in Tiansing, and he didn’t feel that he was noticed.

"Yura can fly faster today." Standing in the cabin door of the battleship, Gu Huai looked forward and looked forward to the ship of the Euras. "I want to return to Tushur soon."

Gu Huai finished looking forward to the expression and reached out to touch the hull.

The hull of the Yula warship immediately visibly vibrates, and the sky blue ship lights are almost immediately lit up: "Hey-!"

The cubs have been so eagerly awaited. This Ula warship has played its ability to break through the limits of the past, and it has shortened the sailing time from Lena Star to Tuse Star for several hours.

The battleship stopped at the airport of Tuse Star.

Gu Huai came down from the battleship and looked at the familiar scene of Tussex and the Zerg who waited for him at the airport, and took Alvis together and ran with joy.

They are going home.


