Arc 1: Spread The IQ For The President Of Sadness

Su Shi’s life experience before the age of 20 is only one word to describe, which is the capital of Susu Sususu!

The family is harmonious and happy, everyone is praised, the mother is the shadow of the entertainment circle, the father is the Taishan Beidou in the art world, which makes Su Shi attract attention from the birth.

He did not live up to the expectations of both parents and everyone. He entered school at the age of three, finished junior high school at the age of seven, got a master's degree at the age of thirteen, established his own studio at the age of sixteen, registered company at the age of 18, and Su shi at the age of twenty has already made the company successfully enter the ranks of the world's top 500.

At the moment, Su Shi is sitting in the top floor office on the 66th floor of the company, overlooking the beauty of the city through the glass, but for a moment, he feels that life is a bit boring.

"Since I feel bored, then I am bound to it. I am the only one in the world that is super invincible." I am the main character to spread the IQ] system!" The ball with the blue light flashes from behind Su Shi. In front of me, I look forward to staring at Su Shi. "I can show you the customs of different worlds, taste all kinds of food, experience a completely different life, and most importantly, these are completely free." Are you really a little bit heartless?"

Su Shi took a look at the ball and spit out three words in his mouth: "To tell the truth."

"Host, you are the only human in the world that can meet the conditions and can be bound to me. I beg you to bind me." The ball swayed in front of Su Shi, but did not cause the other party. The slightest sympathy.

If it is not because life is too boring, Su Shi will probably take this unidentified ball directly out of the window, and then appreciate the smooth appearance of its free fall.

"Since it is a super invincible system, can't we do the forced binding?" Su Shi looked at the ball with no movement, with a little smile in the tone, but made the ball feel a little cold.

The ball shakes and shakes, and it is not natural to answer: "[I spread the IQ of the protagonist] is a very humanized system. How can I tie my own hands to the host without asking for the will of the host? What about it?"

This time, Su Shi was too lazy to say that he directly smashed the ball coldly, and the pair of peach eyes with a little desertedness should not have much lethality, but they saw the ball and shook it. I was too busy to say the truth: "I, I, I... I can't bind you with your disagreement."

"Do more." Su Shi retracted his gaze and looked down at a document.

"My name is [I am the protagonist to spread the IQ] system, in order to save some of the world because the protagonist has no logic and IQ at all, because your IQ and EQ are very high, and it is the only one that is suitable for me. Host, so I will appear here," the ball no longer dare to play the game, busy to explain the real situation, "If the host is bound to me, what is to do is to help the protagonist spread the IQ in the way prescribed by the system. When the IQ of the protagonist is fully restored, the crisis in the world will be lifted and stabilized."

However, after listening to this, Su Shi did not even raise his head.

The ball stayed for two seconds, and immediately understood that what he said was not what Su Shi wanted most. He continued to say: "Of course, the host can also gain intelligence points by spreading intelligence to the protagonist. IQ points. You can redeem a variety of props in the IQ store, really all kinds of props!"

Su Shi still did not respond, and this time the ball was a little anxious, squinting to the eyes of Su Shi: "Hosting adults, if you have any other requirements, you can come up, let's have something to discuss."

After a while, just as the ball was waiting, Su Shi finally looked up and slowly said: "I only have two requirements. First, make sure my safety; second, I can choose, go back at any time. Come in the real world."

"Of course, these two requirements are completely ok..." The ball swayed up and down a few times. After a slow half-shoot, it reflected the meaning of Su Shi. It suddenly exploded. "Hosted adults, you agree to bind me." Yet?"

"Well." Su Shi calmly watched the ball jump up and down.

The ball was full of enthusiasm, and it was only after the light came over and carefully fell on Su Shi’s shoulder: "That... then we will bind now."

"Good." Su Shi nodded, but he did not expect that, after binding with the system, he actually wore it without warning!

Looking at the room full of youthfulness in front of him, Su Shi’s calm mood finally had a little crack: “...Where is this?”

"This is the first world we want to conquer. In order to save time, I will bring you in first," the ball happily swayed around Su Shi, and took the initiative to put the world's plot out. "This It is the original story of this world, what we have to do now is to break it!"

Su Shi looked at the ball with distrust and looked at the story while sitting on the bed. As time passed, the expression on Su Shi’s face became more and more weird.

The world's male and female protagonists are the big presidents with hundreds of millions of assets, and the other is a pure and white small white-collar worker. This should be the configuration of the standard overbearing president, but the plot is completely reversed.

The female lord is a small white-collar worker in the male main company. When she meets the male lord, she already has a boyfriend who has been in contact for three years. The relationship between the two is very close, so when the first sight is seen, the female lord has no male lord. The presence.

However, the male owner only fell in love with the female host at first sight. Even after the investigation, the female owner had already had a boyfriend. She still chose to consider it for the female owner. All kinds of gentle and considerate, but did not reveal her heart.

The first half of the plot is mainly depicting the male deity, the spirit of selfless dedication, and the sweet love between the woman and her boyfriend.

However, in the middle part of the plot, the style of the plot suddenly turned, and the boyfriend of the woman’s boyfriend occasionally took a face with the man. At that time, the woman was present, and the boyfriend’s boyfriend saw the man’s and the woman’s thought.

However, as a boyfriend of a female lord, he did not debunk this matter. Instead, he secretly used the female lord to claim property from the male lord. The female lord also had no brains, because he loved his boyfriend too much, and did not ask anything. Just like this! do! Now!

As a billion-dollar president, it is such an infatuated person, the female host speaks, how can the male owner not give it?

Brand-name clothing, cosmetics, bags, cars, luxury houses... just sent out in the same way, the male brow does not take a fold.

However, all this did not fall into the hands of the woman, except for a few clothes, the other female owners were handed over to their own boyfriend, and then the other party began to lame.

The reason is very simple. If you don’t lick your legs, aren’t these brand-name cosmetics and bags wasted?

After a few months, the woman finally found out the true face of her boyfriend. Although she had no brains and no IQ, this time the woman was very decisive to leave her boyfriend, and then she actually turned I ran to the man and went to cry.

The man who loved the female lord deeply received the appearance of the female lord, and the present was revealed to the female host, and promised to treat her well.

If at this time the woman is so happy to live with the man, the man is already very wrong, but at least it will not be more wrong, but the trend of the plot will not be so simple.

The woman was comforted by the warmth of the man, and the emotions were really much better. She began to think about whether she would be with the man. However, after a week, the woman found that she had already had two months of pregnancy!

At this time, the man and the woman are still in love, and they are at the stage of the ceremony. Who is the child?

After learning about this incident, the female lord did not even tell the male lord. Instead, after hesitating again and again, she went directly to find her ex-boyfriend and wanted the other party to change their minds.

The ex-boyfriend with bad temperament has not changed her mind as the woman wants to change. Instead, she accidentally pushed the female host out of the stairs. It is obviously the life of the child in the belly of the woman, and even the life of the woman.

At the time of the death of the female lord, the male lord, who had been watching all of this in secret, appeared in time and sent the female lord to the hospital. The first sentence that the female lord said after waking up was to ask about the belly. There is nothing for the child, and then there is no intention to explain his previous behavior.

The man is also a brainless person. In this case, he still loves the woman host without hesitation. When the woman owner does not mention this matter, he still feels the woman’s experience silently and is more gentle and considerate to the woman.

As for the things he likes to be awkward, the man accepts almost without any hesitation.

Then there is the end of the plot. The men and women live happily together with the little buns, and the people who once bullied the female lord are all smashed by the male lord, and the end is miserable.

The story ends and the flowers are scattered.

"Is this man named Chu Yan Yan completely devoid of his mind?" After reading the plot, Su Shi slowly raised his head, and his eyes were hard to cover the shock. He had never seen such a stupid person.

The ball shook his body with approval: "Yes, so he needs you to help him fill the IQ."

In the face of this, Su Shi was speechless and simply changed the topic: "What role do I have now?"

There are many characters mentioned in the story of this world, but Su Shi did not find a place to be seated. His current body should be less than 20 years old. It seems that he may still be studying from the room layout.

The ball thoughtfully adjusted the story to the part of the woman who was betrayed by her boyfriend, looking for the part of the man who cried: "The cousin mentioned here is the distant cousin who lives in the man's house. It is now you."

"..." turned out to be a passerby with no name. This is inconsistent with Su Shi’s view of life.

The ball doesn't seem too embarrassing. It swayed and explained: "Because this is the first world you entered, I am worried that you can't adapt to the plot very quickly, so I specially helped you pick this and it doesn't affect the plot, but it is very There is a reason to join the role of the man."

In the face of Su Shi’s IQ and EQ, do you still have to worry about this small problem?

Su Shi refused to communicate with the ball and bowed to see his mission in this world. However, what he saw was actually: 100 greetings with the male owner, and each time he greeted the male IQ by 1%.





 "...This is my task?" Su Shi has already regretted it. This is not a system on the tall, but a system with no IQ like the protagonist? How else would you publish this task that does not test IQ at all?

And if he really does this according to the task, isn't he going to be a hello? This number of times is simply mad.

The ball nodded in a row: "The task is very simple, right? With your IQ, you can definitely do it well!"

"It's very simple." Because he didn't need to spend IQ at all, Su Shi added a word in his heart.

The ball sensed Su Shi’s emotions and quickly drifted away. He explained weakly: “Do not be angry with the host, the advantage of this system is that the task difficulty coefficient is small, but the reward return is very rich, you You can look at the reward first."

Su Shi’s current appearance and true content are completely different. At the age of less than 20 years old, it seems that the sun is full of vitality. Only the unchanging peach blossom eyes are full of coldness, and it is almost necessary to freeze the ball.

Su Shi looked down at the task reward column:

1. Each actor restores 1% of the IQ value and gets 10 IQ points.

2, to complete the overall task of saving the world, you can get 1000 IQ points at a time, and get a world fragment.

It’s mentioned before the IQ point ball, but what about this world fragment?

"What is this?" Su Shi clicked on these words.

The ball flew back immediately. After a glance, he explained: "The world debris represents the host. You have successfully explored the world. It is something like a reward medal."

"It turned out to be useless." Su Shi did not care about this kind of award-winning thing, although his real home has a room dedicated to these things.

Keep looking down, there is one more point to note when completing the task:

1. Due to the limited brain capacity of the main character, the IQ of 1% of the protagonist can be restored every day;

2. If the role of the host in the world of the story has a greater impact on the plot, please also try to avoid the OOC (OutOfCharacter) behavior before the person;

3. The IQ points obtained by the host can be used to redeem goods in the IQ store, which includes commodities that enhance physical fitness, treat injuries, save lives, and other physical conditions. Therefore, it is recommended that the host retain a certain amount of IQ points in case of emergency;

4. World debris cannot be consumed, cannot be discarded, and cannot be transferred to others. Please keep it in a safe place.

Knowing this, Su Shi re-emphasized her current identity: "Although this is a world that is on the brink of collapse, this character can't always remember a bit of it?"

"Hey, this thing was forgotten by me. I will unlock this memory of my body now." The system should do a good job, but the host will remind you that the blue light on the ball is slowly It turned pink.

This physical memory has always been there, but it was temporarily suppressed in the depths of my mind because of Su Shi’s crossing. After being released by the ball, it was quickly integrated into Su Shi’s original memory.

This character is called Zhou Zheng. He is a long-distance cousin of the male lord Chu Yuyan. He lived in a small county town since childhood. He is currently in high school and will take the college entrance examination one week later.

In Zhou Zheng’s memory, although he and Chu Yanyan have a long-distance so-called relative relationship, they have never seen each other since they were young.

In the original plot, Zhou Zheng’s reason for staying at Chu’s home was because the university where he was admitted to the college entrance examination was in a city where Chu was strictly living.

At the end of the semester, Zhou Zheng and his family had a big contradiction. They didn't go home during the summer vacation, and the school was closed. Zhou Zheng had found the distant relatives of Chu Yuyan after many twists and turns.

Therefore, according to the development of the original plot, Zhou Zheng will have to wait for a full year to see Chu Yuyan.

But now Su Shi has occupied this identity, he does not have to continue to follow the original plot, who makes him almost completely unrelated to the story, there is no OOC.

"Host adult, what are you going to do?" The ball floated not far from Su Shi.

Su Shi turned a little stiff neck, and her face slowly tapped a smile that showed youthful vitality: "Although there is no OOC, but in order not to worry, try the role first. I look like this. May I?"

Looking at Su Shi's second face, from cold and self-sustaining to sunny vitality, the whole ball is not good, the host acting is so good, it should be a good thing for it, but why does it feel so scared? !

"Stay in the host! I will help you arrange this role, really just care about you!" So beg you not to scare me like this.

Su Shi lay down on the bed, and the two long legs were overlapping at random. It looked very lazy: "I just want to cooperate with you. You are afraid that this will hurt me, you know?"

The ball is very eager to let the host speak the human language. This kind of host seems to be bright and sunny, but the ball feels scared: "Host, do you have to do this?"

"Well," Su Shi raised a hand and shook it. He pulled the quilt on the side of the bed and closed his eyes. "Don't bother me to rest, I will take the college entrance examination next week. Affect the progress of the task."

Such a discourse into the role, it is necessary to scare the ball, as a 13-year-old to get a master's degree, he will worry about the college entrance examination, the ball feels that he suffered 10,000 points of damage!

One week later, on the evening of the end of the college entrance examination, Su Shi said his plan at the dinner table: "Mom, I heard that I have a distant cousin, I live in City A. I don't want to report to City B. I want to go to the city of A to play in advance and get acquainted with the environment."

When Zhou mother took the dish in her son's bowl, she was surprised: "How do you know that your Chu family cousin is in A city? You have never seen each other since childhood."

"I just once you chatted with me, I heard it," Su Shi explained a little, and looked forward to the truth. "Mom, can you talk to my cousin, let me live for a while? I I really want to go to the city of A!"

Zhou Mu is the most painful son, especially when the college entrance examination has just passed. Naturally, I have to relax. When I think about it, I promised it: "When I have eaten, I will call you to ask."

Su Shi smiled with satisfaction. She stretched the chopsticks and gave the mother a scrambled egg: "I know that Mom is the best."

It has been floating around Su Shi, but the ball that others can't see can't help but shake the round body. It still doesn't fit the host's appearance.

The next day, Su Shi did not wait for her mother to respond to him. She received the things and took the bus to the station. When Zhou Mo could not find someone to call him, Su Shi was already in the car.

"How can you run out of this child? If you don't agree, then you don't have to run back again?" Zhou mother was helpless and worried. "And you are too dangerous. How should you let your dad send you to the station? You said that if you are on the road..."

Su Shi did not give Zhou Mu the opportunity to finish her words, smiled and said: "Mom you are so powerful, how can you disagree? And I am seventeen years old, long ago is not a child, you can rest assured! Hello? Hello! How can I not hear the sound? Mom, the signal on the car is not good, I hang it first."

After talking about Su Shi directly hanging the phone, the ball on the side looked at his host without words, and did not know what to say.

When I arrived in City A, Su Shi found the assistant of Chu Yu Yan to pick him up at the station. Although she felt that Chu Yan did not come over personally, he missed a good opportunity to say hello to each other, but when he came to Japan, Su Shi would not Counted.

The assistant went directly to Su Shi’s villa with Su Shi. When he left, Su Shi asked him with a smile: “When is my cousin coming back?”

"The president is generally busy. It is generally not possible to come back after dinner. You can have dinner first." The assistant also got Chu Chuanyan's account. The attitude toward Su Shi is not lukewarm. What is a distant cousin, saying that he is a relative, I don't know which generation to count, so active in the door, nothing more than want to come to light.

Su Shi smiled and nodded. After seeing the assistant leave, he turned into the villa and looked at the environment in which he lived in Chu. He figured out how to get along with Chu.

It’s not difficult to say hello, but it can only increase the IQ of 1% every day. Even if it doesn’t fall, it will take more than three months. Su Shi always has a good relationship with Chu Yuyan. Keep this going on.

"The ball, help me find a homemade recipe." Su Shi sat on the sofa and decided to use food to hold the stomach of Chu.

The ball slowed down half a beat and said: "The host, set by Zhou Zheng, must come to the city of A to have already smashed out of the scorpion? And he would not cook at all, nor like cooking."

"You still want me to continue to do Zhou Zheng?" Su Shi yawned, and the peach blossom eyes with water vapor slanted the ball.

The reason why I have been playing Zhou Yong for a week without interruption, this one does have the ingredients to adapt to the environment and find the feeling, but more is actually to wake up the ball, save it next time without your own consent, just pick one The character is safe to himself.

When the ball came to the forefront, it was finally deliberately playing it before reacting to the host!

However, even if he realized this, the ball was really tempered, and the performance of the host had left a deep shadow on it. It really didn't want to see the host anger and change back to that.

"Of course I don't want to, the host is so good, just do it yourself." The ball buried the sadness of the stomach, squinting and blowing the Su Shi.

Su Shi spreads his hand: "Family recipes."

"I will help you find the best recipe," the light on the ball flashed regularly for a while, and Su Shi had three more books in front of him. "The three books are the most popular in this world." Home cooking recipes, you can choose one from the host."

Su Shi looked at it and just had to take one out of it. He suddenly heard a small noise from the entrance of the villa. The thick wooden door was slowly pushed away from the outside. A tall and tall figure appeared in Su Shi’s In sight.





 Su Shi stood up from the sofa and greeted the other person with a very calm attitude: "Cousin is good!"

When he said this, the system showed that the task completion progress had become 1%, and the IQ point changed from 0 to 10 points. Su Shi looked at the system interface and turned to look at the Chu Yan, face. The smile on it has become a bit true.

Chu Yuyan has never seen this distant cousin. At this moment, he did not feel greeted with him. He nodded directly and said: "It is fun in A city, what needs to be told."

Regardless of what Su Shi reacted, he went straight to the face and went downstairs.

Su Shi took back the smile on his face and turned to ask the ball: "The mood of Chu Yan Yan seems to be not so good?"

He also thought about whether Chu Xiaoyan suddenly came back because of him, and now it seems that he is completely passionate about himself.

The ball swayed with some guilty conscience: "Well, I just checked the timeline and found that today it was Chu Yuyan who fell in love with Jiang Yueyue at first sight and then found out that she already had a boyfriend."

Jiang Yueyue is the female lord of this world, a gentle and kind lotus without a brain.

"It turned out to be this day, it's a coincidence," Su Shi touched his chin and continued the previous action. He picked one of the three recipes. "I see him on such a poor part, I will be difficult to help him." Dinner is good."

Chu Yuyan is now very uncomfortable, not physically, but heartache. For the first time, he has such a strong emotion towards a person and wants to protect her for a lifetime, but in just two hours, this emotion is born. Went out.

Jiang Yueyue had already had a boyfriend, and the relationship between the two was very sweet and close. This made Chu Yu severely hit, completely unintentional work, and could only flee home.

After lying in bed for an entire hour, Chu’s sorrowful emotions did not improve, but it became more and more low. At this time, the door was suddenly knocked.

"Who?" Chu Yuyan forgot the arrival of Su Shi for a time, frowning and asking.

Su Shi’s brisk voice came in from the door: “Cousin, it’s already more than six o'clock. I saw that there are a lot of ingredients in the refrigerator, so I made dinner, and you can go down and have some food.”

Although it was the first time to cook, it was completely a piece of cake for Su Shi, who had a high IQ.

"I am not hungry." Chu Yan severely stunned his eyes and his attitude was a little impatient.

In this world, he is indeed a tragic and gentle president, but the object is limited to Jiang Yueyue. For others, he still has a presidential fan.

Su Shi paused for a moment and continued to persevere: "The rice is already ready. If you don't eat it, you will be wasted. You will come out to eat a little cousin. The taste of the dish I made is very good."

This time, Chu Yan Yan did not speak directly, but expressed his dissatisfaction and rejection with silence.

Nasu Su Shi seems to be unable to detect it, and continues to groan: "Moreover, there is no one else here, I am bored to eat alone, cousin, come down with me to eat."

It was the first time that Chu was strict and hard, and although he wanted to lose his temper, he still resisted: "I know."

"Great, then I am waiting for you to eat downstairs!" Su Shi said cheerfully, and then went downstairs.

Chu Yan Yan was only dealing with one sentence, and did not intend to go downstairs, but as time passed, he was inexplicably hesitant and guilty.

Although I have never met before, but in the end is my distant cousin, and a student just graduated from high school, the first time I came to the city of A, how much will be awkward?

Chu Yan sighed with sorrow and anger, and finally climbed up from the bed, and took care of it before going downstairs. As a result, he saw Su Shi sitting at the table and looking up at the stairs.

Upon seeing the sternness of Chu, Su Shi’s face suddenly hangs a bright smile: “Cousin, you are finally down, the food is hot in the kitchen, I will go there.”

Seeing this smile, the mood that was so low because of Jiang Yueyue was slightly relieved, and the irritability in my heart slowed down a little. Chu Yu walked silently to the table and sat down, and looked at Su Shi from the corner of his eye. The prepared food came up in the same way, and finally sat in the opposite position.

"This is all the dishes I made, my cousin is trying to taste," Su Shi looked at Chu Yan with his praised eyes, and his eyes sparkled. "This time I can come to the city of A, and thanks to my cousin, I am willing to take it." I thank you my cousin!"

Such a "cousin", Chu Yuyan slightly uncomfortable, but did not say anything, just looked down at the table of the color of the seductive home cooking, suddenly felt like he recovered some appetite.

"Cousin is trying to taste, look good!" Su Shi continued to look forward to seeing Chu Yan.

Chu Yan Yan nodded his face, reached for a piece of oil, eggplant and put it in the mouth, with a slightly sweet and rich taste instantly poured into the cavity, a little satisfaction: "Well, good."

"Cousin likes it, I will cook more for my cousin in the future." Su Shi looks very happy, in order to complete the task, he is actually quite hard.

Chu Yanyan instinctively wanted to refuse, but Zhangkou’s movements became inexplicably turned into chewing. In the end, he did not say anything, but continued to eat quietly.

Su Shi is going to establish a friendly relationship with Chu Yuyan, instead of really being suspicious, and then did not speak again. The two of them had a quiet meal, but the amount of food was not small.

When the second bowl of rice was completely eaten, Chu Yuyan was surprised to find that his daily meal was even more than half a bowl, which made his heart instantly condense a strong self-blame.

The first crush, followed by lovelorn, how can his appetite be so good?

"Cousin, you should go upstairs to rest, I will wash the dishes." Su Shi took a panoramic view of Chu Yan Yan's look and smiled and began to clean up the dishes.

Chu Yan looked up and looked at Su Shi, and finally did not say anything, silently went upstairs.

"It’s actually very interesting to watch him." Su Shi directed the ball to wash the dishes while smiling and squinting at the low back.

From the super invincible intelligent system, it has fallen into a dignified dish washer, and the ball is silent. At this time, there is no mood to take care of the cruel and ruthless host.

Su Shi also ignored the silent complaint of the ball, yawned and waved directly: "You continue to work, I am a little tired, go to sleep first."

On the second day, the mood was still low, and Chu Yuyan went to the building. He saw Su Shi standing in the apron and standing at the restaurant and showing a bright smile to him: "Good morning cousin, come down and have breakfast."

The IQ value of the protagonist has also risen from 1% to 2%. Although the progress is small, it is gratifying.

Chu Yan’s eyebrows jumped, and he wanted to refusal. His eyes were unconsciously falling on the table that had been filled with all kinds of breakfasts. When he got to his lips, it became: "It’s hard."

It’s just breakfast, but the table is almost full, from soy milk, fritters, tea eggs, to oil cakes, rolls, dumplings, and some western-style breads, toasts, and sandwiches. shocked.

"Because I don't know what my cousin likes to eat, I will do it all the time. My cousin can't laugh at me." Su Shi scratched his head and spoke embarrassedly.

Probably these foods look good, and Chu’s mood is also a bit better: “Sit down and eat together.”

"Okay." Su Shi opened his mouth wide, and put a small cage into his mouth, his face showing satisfaction.

This seems to be a very easy-to-satisfy child. The thought came out in Chu’s mind, and he accidentally followed a small dumpling.

After breakfast, Chu Yuyan, who has a short mouth, said: "Do you need me to arrange a guide for you?"

"You don't have to," Su Shi waved his hand again and again, and his expression was a little cramped. "The cousin is willing to take me in, it is already very good. I don't need to arrange anything else. I just want to turn around."

Chu Yan Yan is not reluctant, but it is a bit better for Su Shi’s senses. He did think that this distant cousin was deliberately close.

"Cousin will go home to eat at noon? I can cook for you." Su Shi asked.

At noon, Chu Yujun usually dine at a restaurant near the company and never go home, but when he looks at Su Shi’s eyes full of expectations, he refuses to say something that he can’t say: “Not necessarily.”

"Then I will definitely prepare lunch and wait for my cousin to come back at home." Su Shi directly ignored the "no" word.

After a moment of silence, Chu did not refute, and immediately got up and went out. Su Shi stood at the door of the villa and watched the car in Chu’s sternness and slowly drove away. When he could not see it, he returned to the villa.

I warmed myself a cup of milk, and Su Shi thought about the plot while drinking milk.

According to the original plot, Jiang Yueyue’s boyfriend will wait until a few months before he will see Chu Yan Yan for the first time, thus using Jiang Yueyue to gain benefits from Chu Yu Yan.

However, since Su Shi will appear here, it shows that he does not intend to act according to the timeline of the original plot, but Chu Zhiyan’s current IQ value is only 2%. If this is a rash action, even if the situation is speeded up manually, no I am afraid that the state of mind will not be able to make rational judgments and decisions.

So I still have to wait, at least for the transition from the baby stage to the young people. Su Shi silently sighed and began to feel bored.

"If the host feels bored, you can have fun in City A. The scenery here is good." The ball is very worried that Su Shi is a bored and chooses to go back to the real world.

Su Shi looked at the ball with a smile and smiled: "Reassured, I am a very persevering person, and I will not quit halfway."

The mind was pierced, and the ball was embarrassed to sway in the air: "I... I don't mean that."

"But now it's really boring," Su Shi leaned back on the sofa lazily, slender fingertips on the milk cup, and suddenly flashed a touch of interest. "Although there is no way to do something in the meantime." Sexual moves, but maybe we can do something interesting."





 At 11:30, Zhong Chu handled the documents on hand and secretly checked the work of Jiang Yueyue. He got up and went home to eat.

At this time, Jiang Assistant knocked in from the outside and walked in with a hint of curiosity: "President, just called at the front desk, there is a gentleman who claims to be your cousin, saying that he is here to give you lunch."

Chu Yan’s stern and deep brow couldn’t help but take a moment, and the movement on his hand was also a meal.

Jiang Assistant misunderstood the meaning of Chu Yuyan and quickly said: "I am sorry, I will handle this matter well."

"Let him come up." Chu Yan squinted his eyebrows, and there seemed to be a little irritability in his voice.

assistant Jiang, who was about to go out and rush, stunned. Seeing that the boss’s face was not good, he did not dare to ask, and he should quit with a cry.

A few minutes later, Su Shi walked into the president's office with a huge thermal box and followed Jiang's assistant. He showed a bright smile to Chu Xiao, who just looked up. "Cousin, I am here to give you lunch. ”

Chu Yan’s eyebrows twitched uncontrollably twice. Just about to drive people away, I saw Su Shi put the incubator down and touched the stomach: "In order to send the meal earlier, I have been hungry. Don't be busy, cousin, come over and eat."

When It got to my mouth, I swallowed my words. 

assistant Jiag...

Although assistant Jiang was very curious about the boss’s cousin who suddenly emerged, but under the contempt of the boss, he nodded and stepped back.

Su Shi took out the food in the incubator and put it carefully. He handed the chopsticks to the hand of Chu: "The cousin must be hungry? Eat it."

When Chu Yu took over the chopsticks, Su Shi couldn't wait to open it first. Chu Yan Yan looked inexplicably and looked at Su Shi for a while, and finally began to eat.

Su Shi prepared a lot of dishes, but because the appetite of both people is very good, there is not much left in the end.

Because he was too full, Su Shi squatted directly on the sofa. "Cousin, I have already eaten and can't move. Can I sit here for a while?"

"Well." Chu Yan nodded, but did not take care of Su Shi, just got up and went back to his desk to sit down and continue to process documents.

Su Shi yawned very boring and sat in Chu’s office for a while, until the ball came to the news that Jiang Yueyue had finished lunch and was about to enter the company. Su Shi stood up and raised Packed insulation box.

"Cousin, I am going to go back. I am not familiar with this place. Can you send me down?" Su Shi looked at Chu Yan, eyes and looked forward to it.

Chu Yuyan just wanted him to go to the Jiang assistant outside. Su Shi said pitifully: "When I was on the first floor, I was almost stopped by the security guard here. They didn't believe that I was your watch. Brother, I also said that I climbed relatives."

The first time I saw such a big boy revealing such a look, Chu Yan Yan had a moment of blasphemy, and his heart jumped inexplicably twice: "Let's go."

"Thank you cousin!" Su Shi immediately showed a bright smile.

The two men walked out of the president's office side by side and saw that their own boss had personally sent the "cousin" out. Jiang's chin was shocked.

"Cousin, let's go to the employee elevator? I want to experience it." Su Shi smiled and proposed, look forward to not expecting more, in order to "encounter" the woman, he also struggled.

Chu Yan took a look at Su Shi, and actually agreed, and the two went to the elevator in front of the staff who just stopped on this floor and walked in.

At this time, Jiang Yueyue had stood in front of the staff elevator on the first floor for a while. Today's elevator didn't know what happened. It seemed to be much slower than usual. She waited for a long time and didn't wait for one.

After another two minutes, one of the elevators finally fell to the first floor. Jiang Yueyue breathed a sigh of relief. When the elevator door opened, he just had to step in, but unexpectedly saw the president standing in the elevator.

Should she wait for the ordinary employee elevator to be correct?

Su Shi also saw Jiang Yueyue. He slightly hooked his lips and took the insulation box to step out of the elevator. However, he accidentally bumped into Jiang Yueyue's body, and the insulation box in his hand fell to the ground.

A little broth splashed from the inside and happened to fall on Jiang Yueyue's white canvas shoes.

"Sorry, sorry! I am really embarrassed. I just didn't get steady, I bumped into you and dirty your shoes." Su Shi was shocked and quickly apologized. She took out the paper towel and wanted to help Jiang Yueyue. Wiping the stains on the shoes, and fearing that their actions are too abrupt, they will scare each other, and they will be red in a hurry.

It was Chu Qi Yan behind him. When he saw it, he didn't think about it. He took the paper towel from Su Shi directly in the first two steps and squatted down to help Jiang Yueyue to polish the stain on his shoes.

In the next moment, all the noises around it disappeared. Everyone’s eyes fell on Chu Yuyan who was cleaning the shoes for Jiang Yueyue. This is this... Is this really their unselfish president?

Su Shi also looked at this scene with a smile, until Chu Yanyan stood up, he only apologized and said: "Cousin, I am sorry, this is my bad, I am too careless. It is."

Chu’s strict vision still falls on Jiang Yueyue’s shoes. The fabric of canvas shoes can be wiped clean with paper towels.

Jiang Yueyue also rose his face at this time, and quickly waved his hand: "Nothing, I should have waited for you first, I am not right, so you don't have to worry about it."

She didn't think that the president would actually help her to clean her shoes, which is incredible!

Su Shi also sincerely apologized twice, this incident was revealed, but when he came to the front desk, Su Shi seemed to inadvertently said: "Cousin, you must be very good to the employees in the company. You just don't have to give up helping people to polish their shoes. It's really gentle."

This made Chu Yan’s face slightly tense, and also let the two reception ladies at the front desk brighten their eyes, and they seemed to have inadvertently heard a big secret!

"I just said casually, cousin, don't care." The purpose was achieved, Su Shi immediately cleared himself, smiled and said goodbye to Chu, and took a taxi back to Chu's villa.

The most important thing in the workplace is gossip. Su Shi can almost expect the results of today's events to bring him surprises.

In the original plot, Chu Yuyan has always been very concerned about Jiang Yueyue, but he has never been on the bright side. The company has never passed the relevant gossip, but now it is different.

Of course, he did not do this entirely to create trouble for Jiang Yueyue.

Su Shi looked down at the lens that had just been captured by the ball. The man in the suit and squat gently rubbed the stain on the shoes for the petite and lovely woman. The woman’s gaze also fell on the man. This photo was taken very well. There is an artistic atmosphere.

"The host, even if Jiang Yueyue knows Chu’s feelings about her, I am afraid she will not be with Chu." The ball looked at the photos and thought that the host’s move today included taking pictures of this. The photos were just for the purpose of not serving Jiang Yueyue, and I couldn’t help but say what I thought.

If Chu Yuyan is not IQ to Jiang Yueyue, then Jiang Yueyue is not IQ to her boyfriend Zhao He, they are all willing to fight, one is willing to marry.

Su Shi smiled a little, and there was a little bit of prank in the middle of the scene: "I didn't intend to promote their feelings. Isn't that just making things more interesting? As for this photo, I have other uses in the future. You will know when you get there."

The days can't be too boring. It's better to let everyone live together and live with them for a few months.

"..." The ball had a deeper understanding of the host's bad taste, and it was shaken a bit, did not dare to say anything more, but only subconsciously drifted away.

The next day, Su Shi took the insulation box to deliver the meal to Chu Yuyan, and this time he also brought a pair of brand new women's canvas shoes, so that Jiang Assistant gave the incubator to Chu Yuyan, but he himself Shiranly went to the office of Jiang Yueyue.

There were not many people in the office during the break. Jiang Yueyue was naturally not there. After asking about it, Su Shi entrusted the new shoes to Jiang Yueyue’s colleague: "You tell her directly, this is yesterday’s gift, and I personally chose the president and hope she likes it."

Holding a pair of new shoes, Jiang Yueyue’s colleagues kept circulating the words “President’s personal selection”, and then she couldn’t help but anger. I didn’t expect to hear Jiang Yanyue and the president’s adult have a leg in the morning. The rumors turned out to be true!

Obviously there is already a boyfriend, and even dare to seduce the president's adult, it seems that her usual soft and weak look is simply installed, I did not expect this person to be so hypocritical!

After Su Shi sent the shoes, he ate lunch with Chu Yuyan and left.

In the next few days, in addition to a daily greeting, he spent most of his time strolling around. The scenery in City A is really good, but he has not fallen on the side of Jiang Yueyue, and he has been keeping the ball secretly concerned. With.

These days, Jiang Yueyue was really not good at the company's days. She clearly did not do anything, but suddenly she was crowded out by her colleagues. Some people even put threatening letters in her drawers.

Jiang Yueyue’s courage was not always big. He was scared at the time and told the department manager about it. I hope the manager can help investigate.

As a result, the manager actually returned to her with a cold voice: "It is best to be daring to admit what you have done, otherwise you will have to bear the consequences."

This said that Jiang Yueyue was worried, and couldn’t understand the clue until she heard a whisper from a colleague in the bathroom. She only figured out what was going on.

She and the president are simply innocent. How can they say her like this? !

Jiang Yueyue is simply crying. In order to get rid of his current situation of colleague and collusion, Jiang Yueyue directly found Chu Yan Yan and solemnly said: "President, I already have a boyfriend, and there is no such thing for you. If you don't think about it, how can you let this kind of thing happen in the company?"





 Chu Yuyan, who has recovered the 8% IQ value, was attacked because of this, but he still calmly nodded. "You can rest assured that I will handle this matter well, and you can work with peace of mind."

"Then trouble the president." Jiang Yueyue nodded with red eyes and left the president's office under the stern look of Chu.

On the afternoon of the same day, Chu Yuyan directly convened a general staff meeting, and at the meeting seriously stated the innocence between him and Jiang Yueyue, but no one knew how heavy his mood was at that time.

Su Shi, who was in the villa, quickly learned about it, but he just sighed helplessly: "Sure enough, the IQ of 8% is still too small. Do you think I will wait until his IQ value rises? Is the action appropriate?"

The ball asked indefinitely on the side: "Host, have you expected that such a thing would happen?"

"What?" Su Shi took a look at the ball.

The ball shook his body and looked like a little awe: "That is... Jiang Yueyue will go to Chu Yan Yan, and then Chu Yan Yan will help her prove the innocence."

“Is it difficult to guess this thing?” Su Shi’s reaction to the ball was very helpless, and he smiled and laughed. “Jiang Yueyue seems to be purely kind, even though he was later used by his ex-boyfriend to deceive. But the facts On the way, how could she not know what Chu’s thoughts are about her? If it is not selfish to a certain extent, and she is sure that she will use her feelings deeply, how can she take the things of Chu’s sternness to please her? boyfriend?"

The light on the ball flashed, like blinking in the air.

"Even now she hasn't found Chu's affection for her, with her character, she will certainly ask Chu Yanyan to stand up and clarify this matter, because she has no courage and does not want to do it." Su Shi laughed and said that Jiang Yueyue’s temper is very invisible.

After a while, the ball suddenly realized: "I used to think that Jiang Yueyue was just as ignorant as Chu Yuyan. I didn't expect her to be such a person. No wonder you will be so whole."

"Do I have her whole? I just hope that Chu Yuyan can wake up as soon as possible." Su Shi looked at the ball innocently and scared the ball again.

"No, no, of course!" The ball shook his head in a hurry and turned himself into a flying ball.

After this episode, Su Shi did not make any more moves. The day slipped through the day and the IQ value of Chu was stricter.

When his IQ value finally rose to 40%, Su Shi decided to start acting.

"Cousin, I will start school in a month. I want to go to the mall tomorrow and buy two sets of clothes for myself. Can you accompany me?" Su Shi took the initiative to ask at the meal. request.

Since this time, Chu Yuyan and Su Shi have always been good, this cousin, although the temper is a bit too cheerful, but doing things diligently, cooking is excellent, the quiet time will not be too noisy, overall is good .

I thought that I had never come out with him from Su Shi, and I never even went out with him. Chu Yan nodded and agreed: "Good."

"Cousin, you are so good." Su Shi blinked and smiled very sincerely.

The next morning, the two simply used breakfast and went straight to the nearby shopping mall. Buying clothes was just a scorpion. Su Shi’s real purpose was to speed up the plot.

Today Jiang Yueyue and Zhao He will also come to this mall to buy things, so this will soon be the first meeting between Chu Yuyan and Zhao He.

Su Shi took Chu Xiaoyan to go shopping in the men's clothing area for a long time, but my heart was actually very boring, but the face was still full of obvious excitement, until the news came from the ball, Su Shi was re-energized.

"Cousin, I think it's almost a stroll, or let's go home." Su Shi raised a few clothes bags in Yang Yang, and he smiled very satisfied.

Chu Yan solemnly nodded, the bag on hand is no less than Su Shi, this is the first time he accompanied people to go shopping, buy clothes, I feel a little subtle.

The two walked down the elevator on the first floor. When they reached the second floor, Su Shi stopped and went back to the elevator two steps: "Cousin, my shoelaces are loose, you can help me with the bag." ?"

"Good." Chu Yan Yan took the bag from Su Shi's hand. As a result, he saw Jiang Yueyue standing up on the escalator elevator and standing next to him a young man.

At this time, the man's hand was on the shoulder of Jiang Yueyue. The two men talked and laughed and looked very close.

Seeing this scene, Chu Yanyan only felt that the heart seemed to be tied up, but the emotions were very calm. He could even clearly feel that he did not seem to have such heartache as he had imagined.

At this time, Su Shi just got up straight and saw Jiang Yueyue coming down from the escalator elevator. He stunned a little and then went straight. "Miss Jiang, I am so surprised, I met you here. ”

When Jiang Yueyue heard the voice, he noticed Su Shi and Chu Yu Yan, and his expression suddenly felt awkward: "Yes."

"The last thing was really sorry. Later, when I sent you new shoes, you were not in the office, and you didn't know that the shoes were suitable." Su Shi asked with an apology.

Jiang Yueyue subconsciously looked at his boyfriend Zhao He and then replied: "It's a good fit, but you don't really have to do that."

"How is it unnecessary? It is because I accidentally soiled your shoes. It should be a loss for you. Otherwise, my cousin must also marry me. Is your cousin saying that?" Standing in place, he didn't say anything, so he had to pull him in manually.

Chu’s stern eyes paused for a moment in Su Shi’s body, and he slowly came over. He said to Jiang Yueyue: “It’s true that he was wrong.”

"Look, my cousin said the same thing. He is the president of your company. Can you always refute him?" Su Shi smiled at Jiang Yueyue, and Yu Guang stood in the river. Zhao He around the moon.

As he expected, at this time, Zhao He’s eyes have been falling on Chu’s stern body. Especially after hearing the words “President’s Adult”, his eyes are brighter and unobtrusive.

Jiang Yueyue was even more embarrassed by Su Shi’s words. Coupled with the previous rumors, she almost dared not go to see Chu Yuyan, but her deliberately avoiding attitude caused Zhao He’s suspicion.

"Monthly, don't you introduce me?" Zhao He still puts his hand on Jiang Yueyue's shoulder.

Jiang Yueyue had to introduce each other: "This is the president of our company, this is..."

The two had only seen one side, Jiang Yueyue did not even know the name of Su Shi, and said that it was suddenly stuck.

"I am the cousin of the president's distant family, called Zhou Zheng," Su Shi smiled and took over the words, and took the initiative to say, "This should be Miss Jiang's boyfriend? You look so good."

After that, Su Shi silently added a sentence in his heart, cousin, don't blame me for poking a knife on your heart, I am here to save the world.

Jiang Yueyue smiled a little shyly: "His name is Zhao He."

"Hello." Zhao He’s mind has actually begun to live, but it has not been too obvious.

However, for Su Shi, who is very insightful, his performance is already very obvious. Seeing his own goal is almost achieved, Su Shi and Jiang Yueyue have a few words, and they say goodbye to each other.

On the way home, Chu Yuyan never spoke. Su Shi only thought that the other party was hit again. He was in a bad mood and was quiet.

After returning to the villa, Su Shi was about to return to her room, but was stopped by Chu Yan.

"Zhou Zheng, are you deliberate?" Chu Yu Yan sat on the sofa and looked at Su Shi seriously.

Su Shi blinked, his heart was a little vigilant, but his face was filled with sorrow and grievances: "Cousin, what do you mean by intention? Where did I do something wrong?"

Chu Yanyan looked at Su Shi with a stern face, and Su Shi also looked back with a stunned look. After a while, Chu Yuyan first removed his gaze and silently sighed: "Nothing, you go back to the room." Take a break."

"Then I will go back to the house first." Su Shi nodded and went back to the room with a big bag.

As soon as the door is closed, the ball will be fried: "Host, male owner, he won't find anything?"

"Reassured, not what you think." Su Shi’s hand in the handle fell into the closet and sat down to the bed.

"What does the man mean in the end?" The ball nervously circled in front of Su Shi, this is the first mission world it is responsible for, but don't make any mistakes.

Su Shi did not take care of the ball again. He suddenly thought of the original story. Zhou was in the middle of his freshman year and he fell out with his family. The corner of his mouth slowly evoked an unpredictable smile.

Since Chu Yuyan has begun to doubt, can he make a calculation and make things more interesting?

I don’t say that Su Shi’s thoughts of sinful taste are born here, but Zhao He on the other side, after seeing Chu Yuyan, has doubts, but it is not as straight as the original plot. The mind of Jiang Yueyue.

After all, when I met in the mall, Chu’s performance was quite calm. On the contrary, the attitude of the big boy around him was too warm and seemed strange.

But after he received an anonymous email two days later, he saw the photos attached to the email and the idea was naturally reversed.

The president of a multinational company, who would personally kneel down and help a small employee in his company wipe the shoes, seems to be unreasonable no matter how explained.

The only reasonable explanation is that the president’s adult is actually looking at this small employee. This is the case.

Then put the situation on Jiang Yueyue, then the so-called "seeing another eye" can only be the feeling of men and women.

After thinking about this problem, Zhao He was actually a little unhappy, but soon, another thought came to his mind.

Since it is the president of a big company, I think this person must be very rich, right?





 Jiang Yueyue had been squatting at the door of the president’s office for a while, but still couldn’t get enough courage to push the door in. She really couldn’t figure out why Zhao He suddenly asked himself and Chu’s sternness, and even forced himself to use such a The way and the Chu sternly draw a clear line.

But even if I can't figure it out, this request is, after all, a boyfriend who has been with her for three years. Jiang Yueyue does not want to argue with the other party because of this matter, so she can only promise.

Just as Jiang Yueyue was carrying a bag and hesitating about this matter, the door of the president's office was suddenly pulled from the inside. Jiang Yueyue turned back and looked at the stern look of Chu.

"President, I..." Jiang Yueyue was nervous in his heart, and he said that it was unfavorable.

Chu Yanyan held the mobile phone in his hand and saw Jiang Yueyue. He also coldened with a soft gaze and nodded slightly, and he had to pass the other side.

Jiang Yueyue was nervously licking the powder punch, seeing Chu Yan Yan without saying a word and leaving, and his heart was inexplicably uncomfortable, busy with courage to open the door: "President, please wait."

Chu Yan Yan looked back to Jiang Yueyue: "Is there anything?"

"I...I..." was watched by Chu Yan with such cold eyes, and Jiang Yueyue’s courage to swell up suddenly leaked.

Chu Yan Yan did not want to delay time here, and asked again: "Is there something?"

Seeing the impatience of Chu, Jiang Yueyue did not dare to hesitate. He lowered his head and whispered: "President, I want to tell you about the last thing, that is... my shoes were dirty, I I don't want to be suspected of our relationship, so can I... Can you please take back the shoes and pay me the money for the shoes before me?"

After saying this in one breath, Jiang Yueyue’s face has turned red. She did not dare to look at the stern face of Chu. She only handed the bag on her head and handed it forward.

Chu Yan Yan looked down at Jiang Yueyue, and looked at the bag on her hand. The look was a bit cold. After a while, he asked with a tight voice: "How much?"

After Jiang Yueyue stunned, he said the number that Zhao He requested: "One thousand."

A pair of white canvas shoes for a thousand dollars, well, this is really a woman.

"I know, I will give you the money later." Chu Yanyan did not hesitate to agree, and took the bag from Jiang Yueyue's hand, and then passed it by, took the elevator downstairs.

One thousand dollars for a pair of canvas shoes that have been worn by people, well, this is really a man.

Jiang Yueyue looked down at the empty hand, and felt vaguely that she seemed to have lost something, but turned her head and thought that she had finally fulfilled the request made by Zhao He, and could not help but breathe a sigh of relief.

Chu Yanyan carried a paper bag that was completely inconsistent with his identity and entered the elevator. The whole person exuded a black breath. At this moment, the cell phone in his other hand suddenly rang.

Chu Yan looked at the flashing number on his eyes and subconsciously took a deep breath before he connected the phone.

Immediately, there was a vibrant voice in the phone: "Cousin, you don't have to go downstairs. I used to make a mistake. It turned out that when I bought something, it was not the address of your company, but the home. I’m really sorry to have just called you to pick up the parcel downstairs!”

Upon hearing this voice, Chu Yuyan’s original feeling of being very depressed was miraculously much better. He was already in the elevator, but he spoke: "Nothing, I have not yet gone downstairs."

"That's good, that cousin, you will continue to work hard, I will not bother you!" After a vigorous farewell, the phone was immediately hung up.

Chu Yan severely put away the mobile phone, and after pressing the floor again, the ghost opened the bag in his hand and looked at the shoes in his eyes. Then he whispered to himself: "I chose such a tasteless shoe." I dare to push it on me."

Su Shi, who is in the Chu Yanyan villa, does not know that his taste has been questioned. At this time, he is in a good mood to place an order. Before he would stop Jiang Yueyue, he would call Chu. To be strict, let him go downstairs to get a package that does not exist at all, in order to create an "encounter" between the two.

Now in order to round this lie, he can only make up the package specially prepared for Chu.

"Host, now Zhao He has followed the original plot, let the female owner go to find the male main money, do we want to help stop it?" The ball looked at Su Shi's order, and I was still worried about this story. After all, it has just witnessed the male owner’s eyes giving the female host a thousand dollars without hesitation.

A thousand pieces are really nothing to the big president of Chu Yuyan, but his attitude is very dangerous.

Su Shi took a look at the ball and underestimated the authenticity: "If Chu is strict with 45% of the current IQ, and still chooses to go out of his own money without brains, then I feel that this task has not been necessary."

"But he just hasn't already..." The ball swayed up and down uneasily.

"The just one thousand is just a clear line with Jiang Yueyue. Smart people will do the same. If you want to know if his IQ has been effectively improved, it depends on the subsequent development of this matter." Su Shi followed Chu Yu Strict preferences to pick good things, after the order, I dropped the phone aside.

The ball thought for a moment, and it seems that Su Shi’s words are very reasonable, so I will not entangle this problem.

When Su Shi placed the order, he chose the same city store and used the home delivery. So two hours later, the parcel was delivered to his hand, but Su Shi did not rush to unpack, after all, it was "special" to buy Chu. The stern thing, or it is better for him to personally dismantle it, maybe even to ease the blows that are hit today.

I thought that Chu Yuyan had suffered such a big blow today, and maybe he would come back soon. Su Shi put the parcel on the table and went into the kitchen to prepare dinner.

When Chu Yanyan came back from the company, the first thing I saw was the parcel placed on the table. Then he heard the slight sound from the kitchen, which made him feel a little shadow and completely improved in a moment. The corners of the mouth couldn't help but bring a touch of upward arc.

In the kitchen, Su Shi heard the sound of opening the door and raised her head with a spoon. I thought it would be a black face, but I didn’t expect the other person to laugh. It’s hard to be today’s stimulus. Big, directly give people a stupid stimulation?

“What kind of food do you need? Do you need help?” asked Chu Yuyan while taking off his coat and hanging it.

Su Shi’s doubts in his heart, but did not show it, only revealed a big smile: “It’s just to fry a few home-cooked dishes, don’t help, you can sit there for a while, and the food will be ready.”

Chu Yan nodded solemnly, sat down on the sofa, reached out and moved the package on the table to the front, began to unpack the package, Su Shi also retracted the kitchen, but could not help but some guilty, Chu Yan Yan this Was it completely conscious, or was it hit back to the original point?

Waiting for a few dishes to be prepared, Su Shi re-hanged the sun-filled smile and took the dish out of the kitchen: "Is the cousin unpacked? Are some of the gadgets I chose, and it is a little for the cousin." Thank you, cousin, don't be disgusted."

"Well, it's good." Chu Yu said in a succinct manner, looking at his look at this time, apparently satisfied with what Su Shi bought.

Su Shi put the dishes well, and handed them a pair of chopsticks to Chu Yuyan. The eyes seemed to inadvertently smashed into a common bag placed at the entrance, curiously asked: "Is this brought back by the cousin? What is inside?" what?"

The look of Chu’s stern relaxation suddenly tightened, and the chopsticks were pinched down and pretending to be calm and authentic: “When you buy something, eat it first.”

Chu Yuyan is obviously avoiding this topic. Su Shi did not want to let him go. He blinked and asked, "Is this the first time that my cousin brought something back? It must be very important?"

Chu Yu was a bit stern, and looked at Su Shi and refused to answer the question: "First eat."

"Oh." Su Shi smiled in her heart, and this did not ask much more. The ball floated around Su Shi and had a new understanding of the host's bad taste.

After the meal, Chu Yan Yan directly raised his face and raised the bag at the entrance to the building. His eyes never fell on Su Shi.

Su Shimu sent Chu Yu to go upstairs, smiled and waved at the ball, and the ball bounced like a reflection, and slowly drifted over the past: "Hosting adults."

"Look at the situation on the side of Jiang Yueyue." Su Shi stretched his hand and played the ball, as if laughing and laughing.

The ball shook in two fears and fears, but it still reported the situation of the woman's side: "Jiang Yueyue has already given the thousand pieces he got to Zhao He, and the two are eating out now. It seems to be reconciled."

"With Zhao He's inferiority, I am afraid that it is only temporary, but I am very much looking forward to his follow-up performance." Su Shi touched his chin and smiled very interestingly.

Although Chu Chuan is not the man who has no brains at the moment, Zhao He is still the greedy male match in the original plot, and this time, his bad luck may come earlier and more violently. .

The ball knows that he should not attack Su Shi’s enthusiasm, but at this time, he still couldn’t help but ask: “Hosting adults, even if you don’t do these things, just say hello to the man every day, wait for his IQ to recover, It should also be able to reverse the plot smoothly."

The implication is that you can so aggressively protagonize the protagonist and supporting role. Although it can manually speed up the development of the plot and reverse the trend of the plot, it is not absolutely necessary.

Upon hearing this, Su Shi just fainted a round of the ball and didn't care too much: "I just think it's too boring. Do you have any opinions on this?"

"...no." The ball was speechless.

I thought that this matter has passed by for the time being. Who knows that when Chu Xiaoyan came home from work the next day, he even had a bag in his hand.

Seeing the bag in his hand, Su Shi thought that Jiang Yueyue had done something under the oppression of Zhao He. Before he could figure it out, he saw Chu Yan Yan handing the bag to him: "Hold. ”





 Su Shi took the bag a little strangely and opened it. There was a box inside, and the pattern of the basketball was printed on the box. The brand was known to be expensive.

I thought that I had told Chu Xiaoyan before, I liked playing basketball in high school, so this is what Chu Yuyan specially bought for him?

I think again yesterday, he deliberately adjusted the sternness of Chu, Su Shi’s heart could not help but raise a subtle feeling, and his face instantly burst into a sunny smile: “Thank you, cousin! I like this gift!”

I have been silently paying attention to the sternness of Su Shi’s expression change. The words immediately turned away from the line of sight and faintly nodded: “If you like it, I will go upstairs first.”

"Well, I will have a good meal, and I will ask my cousin to go downstairs." Su Shi continued to smile brightly.

When Chu was severely on the floor, Su Shi took the box apart and held the limited edition basketball inside for a while, and his face slowly showed a meaningful smile.

After Jiang Yueyue gave Zhao He a thousand yuan from Chu Yuyan, he thought that this matter would stop here. Who knows that just a week later, Zhao He actually started to revisit the old things. .

"I think your president has absolutely no doubt about you. Do you have anything to do with me?" Zhao He looked at Jiang Yueyue with a condemned look, and his look was very dim.

Jiang Yueyue looked at Zhao He with an incredible gaze, and he was anxious and angry: "I have not proved this thing according to the method you said before? I really have nothing between you and our president. You Don't think too much about it?"

After saying this, Jiang Yueyue took the initiative to roll up Zhao He's arm and shook it gently.

"If there is really nothing between you, how can he take out a thousand pieces so easily? That pair of canvas shoes, how can you look at it is not worth a hundred dollars?" Zhao He’s attitude is not without Convergence, but more and more straightforward, and even pulled out his arm directly from Jiang Yueyue's hand.

In the face of Zhao He’s attitude, Jiang Yueyue was simply helpless, but she did not know how to explain this problem for a time. She could only help but ask: “Ah, my president and I are really innocent. We have been together for three years, and you should believe that I am right."

Zhao He did not move, but slowly took a photo from the bag: "I really want to believe you, but you look at this photo, a great president, he did not hesitate to bend over to himself. A general staff member of the company wiped shoes, how can I not think about it? If other people saw this photo, what do you think they would think?"

Seeing the content on the photo, Jiang Yueyue’s eyes were wide open. Although Zhao He had told her about this before, let her explain it, but this photo was taken out for the first time.

"You...how do you have this photo?" Jiang Yueyue pointed his finger at the photo, his eyes widened.

Zhao He’s eyes flashed a little, but he quickly recovered his previous arrogance: “Someone deliberately sent this photo to me, although I don’t know who this person is, but his purpose is obvious, just to Destroy the relationship between you and me."

Jiang Yueyue had no doubts about Zhao He’s words. The current attention was taken from Zhao He’s photo, and it was transferred to who sent him this photo, and what the other purpose was.

In the past few days, I was so ridiculed by the company colleagues because of this incident, and even received threatening letters, Jiang Yueyue was so angry that he was about to cry.

"Who is it, even taking such a photo, it is also specially sent to you, it is too damn!" Jiang Yueyue licked the powder punch, his cheeks became red.

Zhao He slammed his mouth and put the photo to the side. He turned the original question into the concern for Jiang Yueyue: "If you just send the photo to me, it is nothing, I really have doubts, nor It may be straightforward to decide, but will ask you first. But if other people see this photo? Especially your colleagues, I am afraid they will not believe you like me?"

Zhao He seems to have forgotten that he had forced Jiang Yueyue to carry canvas shoes and went to Chu to take care of the money. This can be said to be so assertive.

Jiang Yueyue also had no brains at all. Not only did he forget the distress of his long time in front of the president's office, but he was moved by Zhao He's words and his eyes were slightly reddened. "You said that I am now." What should I do? I don't even know who made this kind of thing."

"You are just a small staff member. It is really difficult to solve this problem fundamentally. But it is not only related to you, but you can't just let you alone worry about this matter?" Zhao He's eyes A turn, slowly brought the topic to the topic.

Jiang Yueyue stunned, and his heart suddenly felt a little uncomfortable feeling. He frowned and asked: "What do you mean by this?"

Zhao He picked up his eyebrows and didn't feel any problems with his plans. He became more and more confident: "This is the problem that you and your president share. Why do you have to worry about these gossips alone? Is this something? Shouldn't he take a tube?"

"But..." Jiang Yueyue bit his lip and some awkwardly said. "When the company rumored this rumor, the president has already helped clarify it, and I just said that I have drawn a line with him. Is it not very good to go to him again at this time?"

Zhao He slammed his mouth and took a picture of Jiang Yueyue’s hand: "You just like to think more. This thing makes him shot, not to help you, but to help him. Gossip. Things, the more people who are in high positions, the greater the influence. As a president, he is definitely more afraid of these rumors than you, but your colleagues who are soft and afraid will not bother to take such things to bother him."

Jiang Yueyue squinted half-heartedly: "Is this really true?"

"Of course, do you think that he would help you clarify so kindly at first? In the end, he is for himself." Zhao He nodded and directly decided on this matter.

Jiang Yueyue hangs down, and he really believes Zhao He’s words: “It’s like this, what should I do now?”

Zhao He took the photo again and said the plan that had been brewed for a long time: "This photo does not know who sent it to me, but his purpose is already obvious. If we see that we have not quarreled about this matter. Falling out, he certainly can't stop here, maybe he will send these photos directly to your colleagues."

Jiang Yueyue was scared by Zhao He’s words and stared at his sleeves. “Who is it? Why is he doing this to me? In the company, I obviously have not offended anyone.”

"Who is not important now, the most important thing now is how to solve this problem completely." Seeing Jiang Yueyue revealing such a look, Zhao He applauded her shoulder and took the photo to her. "This is a problem for you, but it is a small matter for your president. You take this photo to find your president and let him solve this problem."

Jiang Yueyue pinched the photo that Zhao He handed over. There was some sorrow in the look, but after hesitating for a moment, she still gritted her teeth and agreed: "I... I know."

"But you have just made a clear distinction with him before. If you directly find such a trade, you may misunderstand that you have something that you should not have. If you misunderstand it, it will be bad." Zhao He saw Jiang Yueyue listening to his own words and began to further implement his plan.

Jiang Yueyue looked up uncomfortably: "What should I do?"

"This problem is actually solved very well. Since this photo cannot be directly given to him, then it is sold." Zhao He shrugged his shoulders, making it indifferent.

“Sell?” Jiang Yueyue’s eyes were instantly rounded again. Her mind has been pulled away by Zhao Her, almost completely without self-awareness.

"Yeah, you said that this photo was discovered by you in the office, because it feels that it may affect the reputation of the other party. This is to take photos with him, but I don't want to let the other party misunderstand. Therefore, only the price can be clearly marked," Zhao said as he spoke, and took a sip of water while drinking. Although his attitude was justifiable, he still had a guilty conscience, and he could not help but comfort Jiang Yueyue. "Monthly, you don't need any psychological burden at all, because you are really thinking about it for the other side, there is nothing wrong with it."

"Is it?" Jiang Yueyue looked at Zhao He quite uncertainly, but his attitude was obviously shaken.

Zhao He definitely nodded and continued to say black to the white: "Of course, you know the existence of the photo. If you don't do anything, then you can't live with your president."

So Jiang Yueyue once again believed in Zhao He’s words, and even asked him: “How much should I sell this photo?”

For this question, Zhao He seriously thought for a while, he originally planned to open the price of 10,000, but thought that the other party is a big president after all, the price is too low, but it is too uncomfortable to ignore this identity, think about it, give One answer for Jiang Yueyue to open his eyes for the third time: "Five thousand."

"Five ... 50,000?!" Jiang Yueyue will not speak anymore.

"You don't forget his identity. As a president, this matter is related to his reputation. If the offer price is too low, maybe he will think that you are deliberately belittle his identity," if not worried. The other party will be angry and refused. Zhao He also wants to open the price higher. "Moreover, if for this reason let him mistakenly think that you are interested in him, then it is even more worthless."

Jiang Yueyue looked at Zhao He with a dull look, and finally he was convinced by the other party: "That... well."





 Although for Su Shi, the movements of Jiang Yueyue and Zhao He have been in control, but this time he was shocked by Zhao He’s shamelessness and Jiang Yueyue’s brainlessness. He has never seen it before. Such a brazen man.

However, I thought that there would be a lot of excitement at the moment. Su Shi’s mood improved slightly. After the time of Jiang Yueyue’s action was determined from the ball, Su Shi immediately got together with Chu’s sternness: “Cousin, I have been shopping around the city these days, and now I don’t know where to go. Can I go to the company with you tomorrow?"

“Don't you feel bored?” Chu Yanyan did not know what Su Shi was playing, and asked a little more with a little concern.

Su Shi smiled and shook his head again and again: "Of course not." In my heart, I added a sentence silently. There is Jiang Yueyue, tomorrow will not be boring, I am afraid it will be very lively.

On the second day, Su Shi happily followed Chu Yuyan to the company, but he could only watch the video and play games bored in the restroom area of ​​Chu, and finally waited until lunch time. Only then renewed the spirit.

The good show is about to debut, but I don’t know how Chu will be dealt with.

Chu’s strict schedule of eating and drinking has always been very regular. After the point, he put down the documents in his hand and stood up. At this time, Su Shi also came from the rest area and looked at the exaggerated expression on his stomach. Brother, I am starving to death. Should we go to eat?"

"Let's go, I will take you to dinner." Chu Yan nodded, and the two left the president's office one after the other. As soon as they opened the door, they saw Jiang Yueyue standing in the hallway outside.

Seeing Jiang Yueyue, Chu Yan’s face sank suddenly, but the next moment, he seemed to see nothing, and walked away and walked straight ahead.

Su Shi looked at Jiang Yueyue and looked at Chu Yuyan. She seemed to want to say hello to her, but she was hesitant because of Chu’s stern face. She did not speak for a while.

However, after Jiang Yueyue took the courage, he bit his lip and came over. He stopped in front of Chu Yanyan and took the lead: "President, I... I have something to say to you."

Chu Yan Yan frowned and looked at Jiang Yueyue, did not want to say anything more with this person: "I want to take my cousin to eat, now no time."

Jiang Yueyue was anxiously clutching his clothes corner, with a trace of eagerness to look at Chu Yan: "President, I really have a very important thing to tell you, can you give me ten minutes? It will be ten minutes."

Chu Yu was just about to speak, but he was taken down by Su Shi’s shirt. He looked back and saw Su Shi’s eyes with a soothing look: “Miss Jiang must have something important to do. And you said, anyway, eating is not anxious at this time, let her say it first."

After that, Su Shi also smiled at Jiang Yueyue, but she was even more disgusted with this woman who had no IQ at all and only had poor women.

Jiang Yueyue glanced at Su Shi with gratitude, and then continued to watch Chu Yuyan with sincere and sincere eyes.

Chu Yan severely stunned his eyebrows and could only frown and said: "What's the matter, let's talk about it."

Jiang Yueyue’s eyes lit up first, and then looked at Su Shi with some embarrassment: “President, can we talk to another place? After all, this matter is related to the reputation of the president...”

Although the words have not been finished, the meaning to be expressed is already very obvious. It is just that Chu Yan and Jiang Yueyue are impatient, how can they leave Su Shi and talk to her alone?

"There is something to say, I don't have time to listen to you talking about these nonsense." Chu Yanyan once again reluctantly opened his mouth, and his attitude seemed even more impatient.

Jiang Yueyue’s eyes flashed and his face suddenly became pale. It seemed to have been a huge blow. He panicked and wanted to explain: “President, I really don’t have...”

Chu Yan Yan directly interrupted Jiang Yueyue’s words, and then added a tone of tone and spit out four words: “There is something to say.”

This time, Jiang Yueyue’s eyes were a little red. She bit her lower lip and looked pitifully at Chu’s sternness. She saw no signs of softness. She could only turn to her eyes and look at Su Shi who stood behind him. Body.

Su Shi slightly lowered his head, as if he was embarrassed to take care of the two people. In fact, the corner of his mouth has been ridiculed with a mocking smile.

In the original plot, Jiang Yueyue is because she is very strict with her, and no matter what she does, the other party will forgive her, and dare to trample on the feelings of Chu and Yan, and even dignity.

At the moment, however, he has shown his enthusiasm and kindness. This woman has once again put his mind on himself. It is also a matter of change and the nature is difficult to move.

Jiang Yueyue saw that Su Shi did not open his mouth to help himself. He could only bite his teeth and take out the photo from the bag with tears: "President, this photo was inadvertently seen in the office before. I don't know who shot it."

Chu Yan Yan looked at the photos in the hands of the eyes of the eye, and his eyes flashed a little, then he coldly said: "So?"

Jiang Yueyue thought that he had spoken here, Chu should be able to understand what she meant, so she couldn’t help but see the other side’s reaction. She couldn’t help but feel good-heartedly: “I think this thing is for the president. Reputation will have an impact, so I took the photo, but I also hope that the president will not misunderstand, I have no other meaning."

Having said that, Jiang Yueyue paused a bit and bit his lip, and continued: "If the president is worried that this incident will lead to misunderstanding, this photo will be sold to the president, so No problem?"

Jiang Yueyue’s voice just fell, and she heard a chuckle. When she followed the sound, she saw Su Shizhen grinning as if she had heard a joke, which made Jiang Yueyue clench his fists subconsciously. The face is slightly red.

"Sorry, you will continue." Su Shi put his hand down and lowered his head again, but his shoulders still shivered.

Jiang Yueyue wants to ask Su Shi what it means, but there is some lack of confidence. My heart is inexplicably faint, and I can only look at Chu Yuyan, as if waiting patiently for the other party's reply.

After a while, Chu Yuyan also issued a short chuckle, and asked the next eyebrow: "How much do you plan to ask for this time?"

Jiang Yueyue’s face was redder, and for a while, he gave the answer that he had already calculated: “50,000.”

"Fifty thousand pieces to buy such a useless photo, Miss Jiang's imagination is really good, but unfortunately I am not a fool." Chu Yan Yan simply wants to be laughed at, he had a lot of eyes before, will be like this People fall in love at first sight?

Recalling the loss of my heart some time ago, Chu Yanyan felt very ridiculous.

Jiang Yueyue widened his eyes in an instant, and some looked incredulously at Chu’s sternness. His face quickly turned pale and pale, but she couldn’t help but defend herself: “President, I am doing this really. It’s for you, you think about it, if this photo is seen by others, it’s sure of your reputation...”

"Enough!" Chu Yan Yan looked at Jiang Yueyue, this is obviously very selfish and cool, but still posing as a victim, and finally patiently exhausted a light, "Jiang Yueyue, you want Money, use your own efforts to earn, rather than use such despicable means to extort others, not to mention that this matter is not a threat to me."

After saying this, Chu Yanyan did not give Su Yueyue a reaction time, and lifted his head and rubbed it with her expressionlessly.

Jiang Yueyue stayed on the spot again, and he didn’t know what to do. He just had tears in his eyes that were anxious and annoyed. Why did things become like this? She clearly... obviously thinking about it for Chu!

Su Shi smiled at Jiang Yueyue and added a sentence: "Well, if you really lack money, I can actually lend you some money, but I will reach out with unreasonable reasons. It’s not very good to ask for money from your own boss. You should stop doing this next time."

Jiang Yueyue’s tears suddenly fell even more fiercely. She squinted and looked at the two men who were leaving, but couldn’t say what she had just said.

After saying this, Su Shi quickly caught up with Chu Yan Yan and smiled and comforted him: "Cousin, don't be too angry about this thing, I think Jiang Yueyue may not be intentional."

Chu Yanyan did not speak, but silently glanced at Su Shi, this eye made Su Shi inexplicably feel a little guilty, bowed his head and touched his nose, and stopped talking.

Because of this trouble, the interest of both of them has dropped a lot.

Now that the excitement has been seen, it is boring to stay, and it may become a punching bag of Chu. The Su Shi thought for a moment and took the initiative to say: "Cousin, anyway, I have nothing to do here, it is better than afternoon. Go back first?"

Who knows that Chu has listened to this and directly returned two words: "No."

"Ah?" Chu Yan’s attitude is determined to make Su Shi somewhat puzzled.

Chu Yan severely raised Su Shi’s eyes: “When I get off work, I will go back.”

Su Shi felt that Chu Shuyan might have been stimulated by the recent incident. He was in urgent need of someone to accompany him, and he nodded and said: "That's alright."

After the meal, the two returned to the office of Chu's stern, Su Shi just wanted to go back to the rest area to continue to nest, and saw that Chu Yuyan had sat down on the sofa in the office area, and also ordered the sofa opposite: "Sit under."

Su Shi observed the stern look of Chu, and sat down with him with a hint of guilty conscience, but his face was still full of sunshine and some doubtful smile: "Cousin, is there anything?"

"In the previous photo, how did you take it?" Chu Yan’s deep-eyed eyes stared at Su Shi and said the affirmative facts in the words of doubt. Obviously he had already determined the source of the photo, but he was curious. In that case, Su Shi took a photo of that angle.





 Su Shi silently said that this question is really bad for him. After all, the existence of the ball is not in line with the development of the world, and it is unclear to explain.

So in the face of this problem, Su Shi can only smile and fool: "Is the cousin misunderstood? Isn't that photo found in Jiang Yueyue's office? How could it be that I took it?"

Chu Yan Yan slightly squinted, and was not confused by Su Shi's words, just slowly said his own guess: "Deliberately soiled Jiang Yueyue's shoes, took pictures, then sent to her, why do you want to do this Is it because you see Jiang Yueyue as a person and see that I fell in love with her at first sight, so I deliberately?"

Su Shi sat down with his head down, as if he had never heard the words of Chu Yan Yan, and he seemed to be deliberately playing rogue. Anyway, no matter what you say or how to say it, I just don't admit it. See how you can take me.

Chu’s stern eyes gradually deepened. After a pause, he manually overturned his own guess: “But then you just arrived in City A, and Jiang Yueyue also met for the first time. I never mentioned it before you. Jiang Yueyue, so this guess is not established at all."

Su Shi saw that Chu Yuyan had always looked at himself with the eyes of inquiry, but it was impossible to infer the correct answer. He could only lift his head and reluctantly sighed: "Cousin, I really can’t understand what you are saying, you Should I start working?"

The four eyes are opposite, Chu Yuyan continues to stare at Su Shi, this time Su Shi did not show his dew, holding a pair of clear and clean peach eyes and Chu Yan and silently watching, and finally Chu Yu Yan first removed his gaze.

"You go to the rest area to play, I have to start working." Chu Yan Yan stood up, and if he had nothing to go to the desk to sit down, began to handle official duties.

Su Shi blinked his eyes, and Chu Yan Yan felt that the confession was invalid, so he did not intend to continue to ask?

However, no matter what Chu Yuyan thought, Su Shi would not be too stupid to ask, so he heard this, he quickly ran to the rest area, sitting at the desk, Chu Yan Yan looked up The eyes of Su Shi’s back sighed silently, but there was a different light in his eyes.

Su Shi did not know anything about it. He played games on the sofa in the rest area and calculated the task.

Jiang Yueyue was unfavorable for the teacher. The second time he was defeated by Zhao He’s teaching to Chu Yu, he was defeated. He was also crying by two people. It is estimated that he will be honest for a while, that is, he does not know if Zhao He will be angry and make What is mad?

But even if he really has some action, it is now possible to recover the 50% IQ value with Chu Yan Yan. Should it be easy to solve the problem?

So for Su Shi, the only thing that needs to be done is that there is only one greeting every day.

Thinking of this, Su Shi couldn't help but sigh. Life hasn't had time to be rich and colorful, and it has to become boring. It's really boring, but can he plan for the next task now?

"The ball, come over." Su Shi put down the game handle and hooked his finger toward the ball.

The ball that is all focused on the game reluctantly floats past: "Hosting adults, what is the order?"

"What is the background of the next mission?" Su Shi went straight to the subject.

The ball stunned, thinking that Su Shi felt that the world was too boring, and wanted to go directly to the next task. He quickly flashed the light and eagerly said: "Hosting adults, even if the IQ of the man is now halfway, you can cope with the general The plot has changed, but he still needs you to help him fill the IQ. As long as the IQ of the man is not restored to 100%, this task is not complete. You must be calm in the host."

"I just asked casually, but did not say that I want to give up the task. It is you who need to calm down." Su Shi glanced at the ball silently. Although he really felt bored now, he would not give up halfway.

Seeing Su Shi really did not give up the task, this is a relief, not too embarrassed to twist the round body: "I ... I am also worried about the host adults."

"What is the background of the next mission, what is the story?" Su Shi turned his eyes and asked again.

The ball is now particularly afraid that Su Shi will give up the task directly, so even if he is asked a question that should be kept secret, it just hesitates a little, and he replied truthfully: "The background of the mission is actually optional, but Because the host adult is the first time to do the task, I chose a world similar to the living environment of the host adult in this mission world."

"So I can choose the world of the mission afterwards?" Su Shi picked up her brow with great interest.

The ball nodded and gave some experience learned from other systems: "Although the mission world is self-selectable, it is recommended that the host choose from the easy to difficult task world. Like the host now experience this The mission world, because it is almost indistinguishable from the previous living environment, it will be very simple to adapt. But if it is replaced by an ancient background, or even a world background with some self-contained systems, even if it has the memory of the original master, it must be fully adapted and difficult. Will gradually increase."

"You are doubting my ability to adapt?" Su Shi squinted at the ball.

The ball quickly denied it, with a trace of pleasing: "Of course not, I just reminded the host of the experience gained from other systems."

Su Shi did not care about this problem. After thinking about it for a while, he asked: "Can you choose a modern background for the next mission world?"

"It's okay, but we can't stay in the modern context all the time." The ball is a true answer.

Su Shi nodded and asked her chin: "If it is a modern background, what are the alternative plots?"

The ball flashed twice quickly, directly calling up the task plots of the three modern backgrounds and spreading them in front of Su Shi: "The host can choose one from them."

Three mission plots, one farming, one suspense, one entertainment circle, Su Shi thought for a moment, chose the third, like him Sususu, of course, choose this kind of background that looks very bright .

Seeing that Su Shi chose the world background, this time, before he asked questions, the ball offered to propose: "In addition to the main task, should the host be considered for a branch task?"

Although I don't want to admit it, the ball has already realized that with Su Shi's emotional intelligence and IQ, if he only wants to add IQ to the protagonist, the task content is really a bit boring.

“Square task?” Su Shi glanced at the ball with interest.

"Although the main purpose of this system is to spread the IQ of the main character, it is also possible to extract the plot missions in other systems as the branch task of the system. This kind of branch task is mostly for the purpose of revenge, inspiration, reversal, and spitting. You can also get the corresponding rewards." After the ball was finished, the game was embarrassed and shook. "But the rewards for this kind of quest are different from the main task. If the host accepts the quest, it will be in the mall. In addition, a branch mission reward exchange area was created."

The ball feels that in order to retain Su Shi, the only host that meets the binding requirements, it is really quite a fight. Even the tasks of other systems can be forced to pull for their own use.

Su Shi is very interested in this so-called sideline mission. At the moment, he did not hesitate to say: "I accept the sideline mission, but the sideline mission is also optional?"

"Yes, I have just checked it. In the mission world of the entertainment background that I have just chosen, there are three alternative quests. The host can choose one." The ball is doing business right, it is very reliable. However, for a moment, the three branch missions have been spread in detail in front of Su Shi.

Su Shi just wanted to study the spurt task, and he listened to a footstep and slowly walked over. He made a move and quickly picked up the gamepad and continued to play the game if nothing happened.

When Chu Yan entered the rest area, he saw Su Shi holding the game controller and madly pressing the scene, and he looked like an ordinary and energetic youth at the moment.

Chu Yan Yan did not say Su Shi, so he stood behind him and watched silently, not knowing what he was thinking.

Until the game was finished, Su Shi lost the game and laid down the game controller with annoyance. Then he accidentally saw Chu Yan and quickly stood up: "Cousin, how come you?"

"I am afraid that you are bored, so go home early." Chu Yan strictly hides the emotions in his eyes, a little smile on his face.

Su Shi immediately stunned: "That's great, I feel bored, but will this not delay my cousin's work?"

"Nothing, the handling of the matter has been dealt with almost, let's go." Chu Yan Yan shook his head, took the initiative to help Su Shi pick up the jacket, the two went in and out.

Su Shi vaguely felt that the attitude of Chu Yan Yan became a bit strange, but he did not think much, but in the next few days, this feeling became more and more obvious.

I don’t know if it’s really taking a look at Jiang Yueyue’s business, or because the stimulus is too big, or the IQ has been effectively improved. Before that, it’s absolutely unspeakable. At the time of the encounter, the attitude became more and more gentle, and the smile on the face became more and more obvious.

When Su Shi started school, Chu Yuyan also offered to take him out to play: "My friend gave me two tickets to the amusement park yesterday, would you like to play?"

"Cousin wants to play?" Su Shi looked suspiciously at Chu Yan, but in fact he couldn't help but have some small expectations. In reality, his life was so bad that there was no place for the label of amusement park. Here, I can satisfy myself.

Chu Yanyan gives an ambiguous answer: "If you want to go, I can accompany you."

"That would be grateful to my cousin." Su Shi made a decision with a smile, and then returned to the room to change the casual wear, saving you from playing.

Chu Yuyan is obviously premeditated. The clothes on his body are rare casual clothes. Su Shi changed his clothes and he waited in the living room. His eyes flickered and he didn’t know what he was thinking.

Su Shi changed her clothes and saw that Chu Yuyan had a look at the heavens. She couldn’t help but open her mouth and said: "Cousin, we can set off!"

Chu Yan looked up and looked at it, rubbed his lips and corrected it: "Don't call my cousin, call my name directly."

Su Shi raised an eyebrow and wanted to say something. Chu Yan Yan did not give him a chance. He got up and went out: "Go."





 Both Su Shi and Chu Yu Yan were the first to go to the amusement park to play. The two studied all the way, and determined the items to be tried according to the ergonomics of energy, and the order of participation.

First go to the Ferris wheel, then fly the speed of the car, then rotate the Trojan, then the pirate ship, then the haunted house, then free fall, and then rushing forward... Simply summed up, it is the degree of retraction, work and rest.

But when the two sat relatively silent in the space wheel, they realized that they considered the problem too simple.

The two big men actually came to sit on the Ferris wheel. This picture is so beautiful that it is hard to bear to look straight. Even the staff who just helped them lock the door have repeatedly looked at them with strange eyes, like watching two neuropathy. .

Fortunately, the psychological quality of the two was excellent. Chu Yanyan had a presidential face from the beginning, but he couldn’t see it. Su Shi was more calm and looked at the small glass box slowly. The gaze drifted away, and finally fell on the Chu Yan Yan body: "Is the cousin also the first time to ride the Ferris wheel?"

"Call my name." Chu Yan Yan darkly and seriously corrected Su Shi's name.

Su Shi’s symmetrical call didn’t care, but he was not used to it for a while, so he didn’t change it. He shrugged his shoulders: “Well, Chu Yan, are you also the first Ferris wheel?”

"Well," Chu said with a sigh of relief, his eyes finally reluctant to look outside, as if inadvertently asked, "I heard that when the Ferris wheel rises to the top, I wish, the wish can come true, you will have to wait later. Don't try?"

"How old are I, how can I do this kind of thing?" Su Shi was teased by this, and deliberately joked. "But are you sure this is the case? It shouldn’t be the couple when the Ferris wheel rises to the highest point. Kissing, can you be together forever?"

"Is it?" Chu Yanyan moved back to his eyes and looked at Su Shi seriously. It seems that he is really interested in the correct answer to this question.

Su Shi was slightly stunned by Chu’s strict attitude and smiled and said: “I have not tried it. How can I know the answer?”

"Then you..." Chu Yanyan continued to look at Su Shi seriously, and the throat was slightly rolling. "Would you like to try?"

This problem made Su Shi once again stunned. At this time, the Ferris wheel where the two were located just slowly rose to the highest point. Su Shi had not had time to respond. The posture of Chu Yuyan’s tall and straight has been slowly pressed over. In front of Su Shi’s eyes.

The Ferris wheel shook a little, and everything around it seemed to be a slow motion at this moment. Su Shi recovered from the original surprise and clearly saw that Chu’s face was getting closer and closer to himself. To the deep, steady, scorpion, in this moment, the embarrassment and tension that could not be concealed.

Su Shi knows that he has enough time to avoid this kiss, he can even push the other directly, but he does not.

He just subconsciously licked his fist, slightly picked up the corners of his lips, and then looked at the thin lips of Chu with his eyes, and the breathing of each other slowly intertwined.

The Ferris wheel, which rose to the top, began to fall slowly, with the kisses of lovers and the expectations they wanted to be together forever.

After a while, Chu Yuyan finally slowly retired and re-sit back to the opposite position, but the deep dawn still stared at Su Shi's lips without hesitation.

Su Shi blinked his eyes and rarely shyly covered his mouth with his back. After a moment of silence, he frowned and asked, "Why are you kissing me?"

Chu Yuyan also silenced for a while before replied: "Because, I like you too."

Su Shi does not think that this answer is too unexpected. Emotional intelligence is too high. There is no difficulty in trying to play silly. But why is it necessary to use the word "also"?

Well, the answer to this question is actually very clear, but the essence of talking about feelings is the sentiment. Some things must be hidden to hide, so in the current situation, Su Shi intends to use his own IQ. To make up for the shortcomings caused by the high emotional intelligence, first install a stupid.

It’s a pity that he hadn’t had time to install it yet. Chu’s cell phone would ring out of time, and Su Shi could only sigh and bow his head.

Chu’s stern look was also depressed, and he blackened his face and connected the call from assistant Jiang.

As soon as the phone was connected, Jiang’s anxious voice immediately passed: “President, I’m sorry, it’s because I’m not doing things right, it’s going to happen.”

Chu Yanyan felt that assistant Jiang really needed to apologize to him because he had just courageously confessed and was interrupted by this phone ruthlessly, but assistant Jiang’s apology was obviously not aimed at this matter, and Chu Yanyan could only ask coldly. Road: "What happened?"

"President, 30 minutes ago, Jiang Yueyue took me to the bathroom and sneaked into the president's office in an attempt to steal confidential information. Fortunately, I found it in time, so it did not cause any actual loss." Jiang Assistant finished this sentence. Spit a heavy breath.

Chu Yanyan, after hearing this sentence, frowned heavily: "Where is she now?"

Although Su Shi couldn't hear the voice on the phone, he could get information through the ball. At the moment, he frowned. It seems that he had previously stunned Zhao He and Jiang Yueyue. These two people even steal company secrets. The means are all thought of, and it is really quite a fight.

“The president assured that Jiang Yueyue has been closely controlled, and the communication tools on his body have also been found out.” Even letting an ordinary employee slip into the president’s office easily, assistant Jiang is really a big event. If the follow-up question is not handled well, he will really have to roll out and leave. "I am too careless about this matter, and I also ask the president to dispose of it."

Hearing this incident did not bring losses to the company's interests. Chu said that he did not say much, but looked at Su Shi sideways and seemed to hesitate.

Seeing Chu Yan Yan at this time, I still want to continue to make an appointment with my amusement park, I don’t know whether to cry, or to laugh, I can only take the initiative: "I will go with you, first deal with business."

Upon hearing this, Chu Yanyan said to the phone: "I will return to the company."

Half an hour later, when Su Shi and Chu Yan rushed to the company, Jiang Yueyue was sitting in the hospitality room outside the president's office. His face was pale and scary, his eyes were slightly red, and he had just cried before.

When I saw the two men coming in, Jiang Yueyue stood up and slid up, tears slid up and licked his lips and said: "President, I really don't..."

Chu Yan Yan coldly took a look at Jiang Yueyue, and then scared her back without saying anything, only standing there grievances and tears.

Before Chu Yan came in, Jiang Assistant had already told him the details of what happened before, and then showed him the video of Jiang Yueyue slipping into the president's office at that time, so even Jiang Yueyue now With a hundred mouths, I am afraid I can't get rid of my crimes.

Chu Yan Yan looked coldly on the opposite sofa and saw Su Shi still standing at the door, and he waved him: "Come and sit."

Su Shi actually wanted to see the excitement, but after all, it involved the secrets of Chu Yuyan Company, so he hesitated for a pretense.

At this time, he was greeted by Chu Yan, and Su Shi hurriedly ran away and sat down next to Chu Yuyan.

Jiang Yueyue's tearful scorpion turned around between Chu Yuyan and Su Shi. He wanted to speak for a few times, but he turned back helplessly, but it looked more and more pitiful.

"You don't have to put this pair of people bullied, I will give you an opportunity to explain," Chu Yu Yan frowned and looked at Jiang Yueyue, after the other party's eyes slightly brightened, and no mercy, "I have I have seen the images taken near the office and internal monitoring. You started at 9:21 am near the president's office. At 9:46, Jiang assistant left the office. You sneaked in and turned at my desk. After looking for 5 minutes and 43 seconds, I rushed out of the president's office. Do you have any objections to this matter?"

Jiang Yueyue was stunned by the words of Chu Yuyan. For a moment, even the crying was forgotten. It seems that he did not understand what Chu Xiaoyan said.

At this time, Chu Yuyan turned out to be very patient. He did not directly decide, nor did he open his mouth to urge Jiang Yueyue. He just waited coldly, just as he said, he would leave it to Jiang Yue. The opportunity to explain the month.

However, the time when Chu Yan and Yan Yan happened was accurate to the unit of "seconds". How did Jiang Yueyue explain this? How can she explain it!

Su Shi looked at Chu Yan Yan with a squint and couldn't help but grin. This is the first time he found out that he was a court president, and he also deliberately made a bad time.

Such a serious and serious Chuan Yan seems to be a little cute.

Jiang Yueyue finally recovered from the stagnation, but in front of the iron card, she couldn’t say anything to justify herself. She could only cry and screamed.

Chu Yu was really disgusted with Jiang Yueyue’s mistake, but he showed the victim’s face. He said: “Since you have nothing to say, let’s talk about how to deal with it. Let this matter be resolved fairly, I intend to go straight to the legal process, what do you think?"

Wen Yan, Jiang Yueyue’s crying stopped in an instant, although the humiliation that had been experienced at that time had brought her close to collapse, but she did not completely lose her ability to think. If this matter really took legal proceedings, then she would How do you still behave?

"Don't!" Jiang Yueyue looked at the corner of his clothes in a panic, his voice trembled and eagerly pleaded. "Please don't do this. If you really go through the legal process, I will be finished in my life!"

"If I remember correctly, you should already be an adult. If you grow up so big, don't you understand the truth that you have to be responsible for your words and deeds?" In the face of Jiang Yueyue's appearance of the pear blossoms, Chu Yu was born. Without sympathy, I feel that I was blind to the person at first sight.

If Su Shi knows Chu’s thoughts at this time, he will correct him in good faith: No, you are just an IQ owe, please don’t let your innocent eyes back.





 Jiang Yueyue squinted and cried even more. At this time, she couldn’t care about anything else. She directly squatted in front of Chu Yuyan and choked and pleaded: "I know it is wrong, I really know it wrong. I won’t dare again next time! I beg you to let me go this time!"

Chu Yan Yan silent for a moment, is about to continue to use words to hurt Jiang Yueyue, but listened to Su Shi at this time the tone inexplicably said: "So what do you think about this matter?"

"I..." Jiang Yueyue thought that Su Shi was actively helping her, and suddenly looked up at Su Shi with tears and tears, with a hint of gratitude and martyrdom, "I will change, I will definitely work hard in the future. Reward the magnanimity of the president."

Su Shi wants to laugh a little, with a hint of surprise: "What happened, you still want to continue to work here? Who gave you this confidence? It will not be until now, you have not realized How serious is it to steal company secrets?"

"I..." Jiang Yueyue rubbed his eyes and groaned. I really didn't know how to defend myself. I could only mutter in a low voice. "But my behavior did not bring any actual losses to the company. I will also I won’t do this again, can’t I still do this?”

Su Shi really laughed. This kind of logic and attitude toward Jiang Yueyue, even he felt a little speechless.

However, thinking of his purpose at this time, Su Shi stopped the smile in time, and some curiously said: "But I am really curious, why do you do this kind of thing? Do you not know this behavior? Is it illegal?"

When asked this question, Jiang Yueyue's eyes flashed twice, biting his lower lip and refused to answer, it seems that there is something unspeakable.

"I was thinking about this matter. If there is any inside story, I might be able to properly alleviate the responsibility you have to bear in this matter, but since you don't want to say it, you can only count it." It is obviously deliberately clichéd. Su Shi put on a look that was completely considered for the other side. When he said it, he sighed with regret. "Just like this, you can only take responsibility for this matter alone." What are the consequences, and you can only bear it yourself."

Jiang Yueyue’s gaze couldn’t help but flash twice. His eyes were both struggling and hesitant, and Su Shi was not in a hurry, giving her enough time to make a decision.

After a while, Jiang Yueyue hesitated and asked: "If... if this matter is related to other people, will you dispose of him?"

Su Shi is very clear about the identity of the "others" in Jiang Yueyue's mouth, but deliberately said: "If it is an employee in the company, it must be punished just like you."

"If that is not the employees in the company?" Jiang Yueyue squatted at the corner of the clothes, asked with a hint of hope.

After Su Shi took a chin and thought for a while, he was somewhat uncertain: "If you are not an employee in the company, you should not use the company's internal rules and regulations to deal with it?"

Said, Su Shi secretly handed a look to Chu Yanyan, Chu Yan Yan will know, and said: "Non-employee employees, the company does not have the right to deal directly."

Upon hearing this, Jiang Yueyue’s gaze finally slowly became firm. Obviously, a decision has been made. Her eyes turned a circle in the cold face of Chu’s sternness. Courage: "This is... I am actually instructed."

"Is it instructed? Is this true?" Su Shi picked up his eyebrows and obviously did not trust Jiang Yueyue's words. "Miss Jiang, you can't just pick someone else because I just got it."

The character was suspected, Jiang Yueyue shook his head quickly, and righteously said: "I didn't! This is really someone who instructed me to do this, and he is not an employee in the company, but my... my boyfriend."

"Your boyfriend? What does this matter have to do with your boyfriend?" Su Shi was laughing and crying, but his face was still a serious look.

Jiang Yueyue took another moment and looked at Chu Yanyan with shame. This only explained the original local content. Finally, he sighed reluctantly: "I don't know why he must I am doing this kind of thing, but he said that if I don't do this, I will break up with me. I really can't do anything..."

"Can you guarantee that what you say is true and authentic?" The goal was achieved, and Su Shi no longer concealed his emotions and directly laughed.

Looking at the smile on Su Shi’s face, Jiang Yueyue finally noticed that something was wrong, but now that she has finished, she can only nod her head: “I’m all true!”

Su Shi nodded and turned to look at Chu Yan, and blinked his eyes: "The next thing, give it to your cousin."

Chu Yan Yan raised his hand and smashed it on Su Shi’s head. His eyes showed a hint of favor: “Good.”

Jiang Yueyue looked at the two people in front of him, and the feeling of weirdness and uneasiness in his heart became more and more intense.

The next moment, the uneasiness was verified.

Chu Yan sternly looked at Jiang Yueyue, cold and ruthlessly said: "Since the account of the account has been explained, then go to the legal process."

Jiang Yueyue’s eyes widened and the whole person was forced: “You... how can you do this?!”

Chu Yan and Yan Yan are not willing to put on Jiang Yueyue's body. Naturally, her questioning is also directly ignored. Turning heads let Jiang assistant come in and bring people out.

Jiang Yuyue was completely ignorant, and Jiang Yueyue simply shed tears. He could only turn his help to Su Shi and cried: "You didn't say that, as long as I tell the truth, can I reduce my responsibility?"

"To explain the ambassador, it can really alleviate the responsibility, but the person who sneaked into the president's office in an attempt to steal the secret is, after all, you are responsible for it." Su Shi picked up his eyebrows and kindly helped Jiang Yueyue to confuse. "But you can rest assured that your boyfriend will accompany you to the legal sanctions."

Jiang Yueyue was stunned again. Instead of being comforted by this, he cried even more fiercely: "You just said that Akh is not a company employee and will not be punished?"

I finally reacted to myself. This was being teased by the other party. Jiang Yueyue was angry and sad, and cried and cried Su Shi: "You have just been lying to me, how can you be so shameless!"

"I didn't lie to you," Su Shi shrugged innocently and laughed at two rows of silver teeth. "Your boyfriend really won't be punished by the company, but before the law, everyone is equal. He needs to accept the law. Did you understand the trial?"

I thought that I was about to be fired, and even because of this law, I was legally sanctioned. I thought about how Zhao He would react after he learned what he had just said. Jiang Yueyue couldn’t care about the anger that was deceived by Su Shi. The whole person burst into tears, and the expression was full of life and love.

But when people are desperate, the explosive power is often very amazing. Seeing assistant Jiang has brought people in, Jiang Yueyue does not know how to courage, even slammed his hand and directly slammed Chu’s tight suit "President, I really know what's wrong. I beg you to let me go this time, I beg you! As long as you are willing to let me go, you can let me do anything!"

Chu Yan Yan face black, subconsciously looked at Su Shi, but saw each other's face gloating, no dissatisfaction, no plans to help, Chu Yan Yan's face suddenly darker.

Jiang Yueyue thought that the reason why Chu Yuyan did not move was because the heart was soft and he continued to say: "I... I know that the president has been secretly like me, I can immediately break up with Zhao He, really, as long as you are willing to put I am, you can make me do it!"

This is a sigh of sorrow, no longer waiting for Su Shi’s reaction, and his actions are retracting his foot. He is also called assistant Jiang to drag Jiang Yueyue out.

Just as Jiang Yueyue struggled with Jiang Assistant, and tried to continue to hold the thighs, Su Shi suddenly opened his mouth slowly: "First wait."

Chu Yan saw his face inexplicably inexplicably, and his heart was unconsciously stunned, and suddenly he was more guilty, but he could not explain anything directly to assistant Jiang to Su Shi. He could only speak in a soothing tone first: Ah Zheng, I..."

When he spoke, he was interrupted by Su Shi with his eyes. Chu Yan Yan could only sigh in his heart and looked at Su Shi deep.

Jiang Yueyue, who was being dragged out by people, heard this, as if he heard the scorpio, and he couldn’t help but flash a hint of hope in his red and swollen eyes.

Su Shi stepped forward to the wolf-stricken Jiang Yueyue, until the two men were close at hand, and after looking down at Jiang Yueyue from a overlooking angle, Su Shi asked with a hint of inexplicable smile. "You just said that Chu Yuyan has been secretly like you?"

This problem made Jiang Yueyue stunned. She just spoke out in such a rush, so naturally she was able to get rid of this bad luck, but at this time she was asked by Su Shi and was Chu Yu. Strictly use the cold eyes to sweep away, for a time Jiang Yueyue really can't say a positive answer.

Su Shi is not really listening to Jiang Yueyue's answer. In the time when the other party hesitated, Su Shi smiled and slammed his fingers.

Chu Yan’s heart was annoyed and stunned by Jiang Yueyue’s nonsense. Seeing Su Shi’s action, he left without thinking.

Who knows the next moment, Chu Yan Yan's hand was dragged by Su Shi, and it is still the kind of ten fingers.

Chu Yan Yan only felt that his heart was suddenly shocked. Before he could understand the intention of Su Shi’s move, he was directly stunned by his next words.

"Although I don't know why you have to say this, but there is one thing, I have to solemnly declare it," Su Shi shook his hand with Chu Yan Yan, with a touch of smile on his face. "I have been together with Chu Yu very early, and now I am still a relationship with a lover. I hope that Miss Jiang can be more serious and not to cause unnecessary misunderstandings to our relationship."





 Jiang Yueyue looked at Su Shi with a dull look. Obviously, he was completely shaken by his words. For a time, he did not know how to react.

Chu Yan Yan is a bright eye, and Su Shi’s fingers are tightly constrained, but the expression on his face is well controlled, and there is no excitement: “Yes, I am Lovers, I hope Miss Jiang will not do anything that bothers us."

After that, Chu Yanyan directly gave assistant Jiang a look. The latter was also in shock. This was the time when he came back and quickly suppressed the unbelievableness in his head and asked Jiang to drag Jiang Yueyue out.

It may be that this incident has been too much of a blow to Jiang Yueyue. This time she was dragged out even if she struggled without struggle. When the office was left with only ten fingers, the calm expression on Chu’s face Immediately cracked: "Azhen, what did you really mean?"

Su Shi squinted at Chu Yanyan and glanced at the two hands together: "First release your hand."

"You answer my question first." Chu Yan Yan did not let go, but he held it tighter.

Su Shi silent for a moment, just as Chu Yu was nervous and waiting for the answer, he only heard a sentence that made him laugh and cry: "Let's wait and talk."

Chu Yan took a long time to vent his anger, and some anxiously said: "Why wait? My heart is true to you, if you mind Jiang Yueyue, I can..."

Why wait? Of course, because Chu Zhiyan’s current IQ is only 50%, although it is not completely brainless, but who knows that when his IQ is restored to 100%, will the idea change dramatically?

However, this idea is obviously not directly arguable. Su Shi does not intend to deceive Chu and sternly. He simply extends the other hand and points to the sternness of Chu: "Don't say this, now I am hungry. ”

"..." Well, big and big, the lover's appetite is the biggest, Chu sighed helplessly, "Let's go, take you to dinner first."

When I come to Japan, even the lover’s body may contain secrets that he could not detect in his life, but what about it? As long as he can stay with him, it will be enough.

Su Shi continued to greet Chu and Chu, day and night, quietly waiting for his IQ to recover a little.

In the process, Su Shi learned from the ball that Jiang Yueyue had followed the secret incident.

Theft of the company’s secrets, this matter is too big to say, small or small, mainly depends on the attitude of the parties.

If there was no such thing as an unscientific business, I would probably take the initiative to bring all the secrets of the company to Jiang Yueyue, let her choose, and even help analyze the pros and cons.

However, the current Chu sternness, in the face of Jiang Yueyue, can not be soft at all.

Zhao He, as the principal criminal in planning this incident, although he only commanded Jiang Yueyue’s actions and did not show anything, he was sentenced to one year’s imprisonment and was required to pay a compensation fee of 500,000 yuan.

Jiang Yueyue directly lost his job and was thrown into the prison. Even if he came out later, I am afraid that the future will be very difficult.

Until she was actually sent to prison, Jiang Yueyue recognized her situation as she woke up from her dreams. She regretted her annoyance of what she had done before, and kept crying to see Chu’s sternness. However, it has already restored the Chu and Yan of most of the IQ, and how could she like to see her?

Therefore, the woman can only reflect on herself slowly in prison.

"The female host seems to be a bit miserable." Su Shi read the situation of the woman, could not help but feel a sentence.

It should have been the care of the male subject, the female lord everywhere, and now it has been put into the end of the prison, this gap is too big.

Although I don’t think the host is a compassionate person, the ball still asks with some worries: “Is it a sympathy for the hostess?”

Their task is to improve the IQ of the man, break the original unrealistic plot, and restore the logical order of the world. The host should not be shaken by a small woman.

Su Shi smiled and smiled and glanced at the ball: "I just feel that I am too smart. It is so easy to reverse the situation so thoroughly, saving the male owner from restoring IQ and hands-on."

"..." The ball flickered twice. It must have been a procedural disorder, and the host and the word "sympathy" will be linked together.

As for the matter of the woman, the Su Shi and Chu Yu Yan were not affected.

Soon it was the day when Su Shi started school. Although Su Shi was already a successful man standing at the top of the world in the real world, he now has the identity of Zhou Zheng and he has to relive the good life of the university.

It seems that it is not bad to live in a dormitory with everyone.

Only after this idea has not been implemented, it was shot by Chu Yu: "I have bought a house near B, and we can live there later."

This is not yet to catch people, it will open the cohabitation daily.

"I don't seem to have promised to be with you?" Su Shi's face was not red, and his heart stunned.

Chu Yan Yan looked back at some unconcerned: "It will only be agreed sooner or later."

"That would have to wait for me to agree," Su Shi drank the last bite of milk and stood up. "I am going to school, you work hard."

Chu Yan was deeply frustrated and looked at the back of Su Shi’s departure, but under such setbacks, he would only be more and more frustrated, so even if he did not get Su Shi’s affirmative answer, Chu Yuyan still took the two things. They all moved to the newly bought house, and they also made a good look at the two bedrooms.

By the end of the night, Su Shi was strictly taken over by Chu, and she saw that it was completely different from the style of the villa she lived in. It looked like a warm home belonging to two people.

Su Shi looked at the arrangement and looked at him behind him. His expression was both expectant and awkward. He finally did not say anything and took the clothes and went to the bathroom to wash it.

So the two began a life of cohabitation in the true sense, but only until the day when Chu’s stern IQ improved to 100%, Su Shi re-raised an important topic.

"Do you remember what we did 45 days ago?" Su Shi and Chu Yu Yan sat face to face on the sofa at home, and opened the topic straight away.

Chu Yan Yan seriously thought about it seriously, his eyes stunned: "Remember."

They went to the Ferris wheel that day. When the Ferris wheel rose to the highest point, he kissed Su Shi. Although he only kissed the water, he was so excited.

"Now I have a few questions to ask you." Su Shi poses casually, but his tone is serious.

Like a student who was questioned by a teacher, Chu Yan Yan subconsciously straightened his back and swallowed his mouth: "You ask."

"The first question, do you like me?" Su Shi came up with a hot question.

Chu Yan Yan’s heart slammed, but his attitude could not be more serious: “I like you, I love you.”

"The second question, knowing that I have some strange secrets, do you still like me?" Su Shi's eyelashes trembled and continued to ask.

"Yes." Chu Yan Yan firmly nodded.

"The last question, I don't like the feeling of boredom very much. If I am bored with you one day, I will leave you. Can you accept this?" Su Shi’s expression seems careless. The corner of the mouth has been unconsciously evoked.

Chu Yu Yan first subconsciously wanted to nod, and waited for the meaning of Su Shi’s words. Chu Yan Yan immediately stood up from the sofa with excitement and solemnly promised: “You can rest assured that I will not make you bored! ”

Su Shi looked at Chu Xiaoyan who was excited like a child, silently set a moment of silence for the person who collapsed for three seconds, and then waved at him: "Come and let me hug."

Chu Yan Yan immediately rushed over and held Su Shi in his arms, and his movements were extremely soft.

Su Shi silently put down the half-lifted arm, thinking, fortunately, this person is not too collapsed, at least Chu Yan Yan did not directly into his arms.

After the two were officially together, Su Shi felt deeply and meticulously and thoughtfully in all aspects, and at the same time, silently spit out the female lord in the original plot, how much he would give up, and he would give up this kind of soulful and optimistic president. And go to choose Zhao He that scum male?

However, what the female lord is already in the past, now it is a daily love drama, the purpose is sweet and dead.

At the end of the semester, Su Shi came out to the family.

It’s not all for Chu’s sternness. This is because Zhou Zheng in the original plot is a man who only likes men. He fell out with his family during the big semester, and he didn’t even return home because of this. .

Therefore, Su Shi is also a rare respect for the story.

However, in the original plot, Zhou Zheng, because of the things that came out of the cabinet, not only fell out with his family, but was also cast aside by the school's classmates. For this reason, he was depressed for several years.

But now Su Shi, behind him, has a deep-hearted president of Chu Yuyan, and he has calculated that the cabinet is just a matter of moving his mouth. The rest of the problems are not problems. The president’s adults will solve the problem with their fingers.

After the whole process of witnessing this incident, the ball that has been with Su Shi can't help but ask: "Hosting adults, you really don't need to go through this part of the plot. Why do you have to come out?"

In fact, the ball is to say, I have not seen any plots before, how come this time suddenly so diligently?

In this regard, Su Shi just took a leisurely look at the ball: "I just feel a little bored."

"..." The ball said that he didn't want to say anything.

Su Shi is indeed a bit boring, but there is another reason. Since I have chosen together, I have to go straight together.

Under the stern love of Chu Yu and the lower limit, Su Yuqiang finished the university. After that, he did not work or start a business. Instead, he traveled around the world with Chu Yuyan.

In the principle that Su Shi must not be bored, Chu Yu began to plan all kinds of interesting activities after the two of them came together, and implemented them in the past four years.

Traveling around the world is the biggest plan he has planned.

The two started from the domestic and slowly moved abroad, leaving footprints in every interesting place in the world, until Su Shi’s body was too old to be able to return to the city.

Lying in the bedroom of the villa when the two met for the first time, the two men were surrounded by a commemorative book that was left behind, with the addition of written records and gadgets collected from all over the world.

Looking at these things, Su Shi smiled and wrinkled: "I seem... I am going to die."

"No, we still have a lot of things that are not boring." Chu Yuyan also lay in bed, holding Su Shi in his arms.

Su Shi smiled even more happily: "In this life, I have finished doing things that are not boring. I will definitely be bored and dead in my next life."

Chu Yan severely licked his lips and his voice was soft and soft: "In the next life, I will accompany you to continue doing things that are not boring, and continue to do it."

Su Shi felt that his eyelids were getting heavier and heavier. He slowly closed his eyes and his voice became lighter and lighter: "Okay, I am waiting for you..."

"Wait for me, I will definitely go to you." Chu Yan Yan bowed his head and kissed Su Shi's wrinkled forehead, and slowly closed his eyes.

At this point, Su Shi left the first mission world at the age of 66. After he left, his lover followed him.



Arc 2: Spreading IQ For The National Male God

 It seems that Su Shi seems to have left the first mission world, but it is not. He just left Zhou Zheng’s body and floated in the room in the middle of the room.

After watching "death", and soon there was no Chu Yu Yan, Su Shi silently sighed.

The ball floated around Su Shi, and some of his worries were on his own host. The scene in front of him looked like Su Shi took a step forward, and Chu Yu followed closely, but it was not like this.

Su Shi’s stay in this world can be determined autonomously within the scope of the rules. Here, the life limit of human beings can reach more than one hundred years old, so as long as Su Shi is willing, he can live to a hundred years old.

The reason why he chose to die at this time is actually because Chu’s life has come to an end.

Chu Yuyan once said to Su Shi, he will pet him for a lifetime, not let him be wronged, not let him unhappy, let him be bored.

So if Chu is strict, let him take a step first. Who will come to pet him later, not let him be wronged, not let him be unhappy, not let him feel bored?

So Su Shi chose to let himself take a step forward, but in fact, this matter is the end, is it because he is afraid of loneliness?

"Host adult, are you okay?" The ball swayed uneasily, not knowing how to comfort the host that had been silent.

Su Shi returned, and her eyes calmly squinted and turned her eyes to the ball: "Have I not yet chosen the role of the next world?"

"Yes," the ball quickly saw Su Shi had seen it many years ago, but the task of the branch that had not yet had time to make a choice came out. "The host can choose one of the three."

The branch task corresponds to three characters in the background of the entertainment circle, one is the 18-line star who is the asbestos of the female host, one is the famous director of the female cannon fodder, and the other is the president of the entertainment company of the female main cannon.

These three characters have a very obvious commonality. They are all cannon fodders that have been killed by the female lord.

Su Shi looked at the introduction of these three characters, thoughtfully.

The ball thought that Su Shi was because he had no experience and didn't know which one to choose. He gave a suggestion with enthusiasm: "Since it is the mission world of entertainment background, the male and female protagonists are definitely not big stars, they are big directors, so I suggest that the host choose The role of the first or second spur task, so the chances of contact with the male and female actor will be effectively improved."

Su Shi nodded his chin: "Since you said this, then I will choose the third branch task."

"..." The enthusiastic ball feels that it has suffered 10,000 points of damage. Hey, it doesn't want to talk to the host anymore.

Su Shi, who chose the third branch task, was quickly transferred into the second mission world by the heart-wrenching ball. The scene in front of him changed from him and Chu’s home to Chu and Chu. The spacious office of the president's office is comparable.

Sure enough, the treatment of the president and the president are almost the same. I think that there is no change in Su Shi’s expression, but the feeling is slightly sour.

Su Shi took a breath and looked around. "Give me the memory of the original Lord and the original story of this world."

The original story of this mission world is a typical female host's rebirth and scum route. The female host's name is Lu Manni. Before she was born again, she was abandoned by the scum males, and the female was counted and counted, and eventually she lost her name and died.

After the rebirth, the life of the woman is different.

With a focus on the aura of light, he returned to the entertainment circle, smashing men and masculinizing women, and at the same time arrogant acting, becoming a hot-selling superstar, and harvesting a national male god, can be described as a fame and fortune.

And this national male god, naturally speaking is the male owner.

The male master’s part was started after the female host’s rebirth. At that time, the female host had just returned from a rebirth and had no fame. The first role won by the rebirth aura was only a female in the palace drama, and the male. The Lord is the emperor man in this play.

Although it is the role of the female third, but the female host in this palace drama is not too few plays, and the male owner has a lot of opponents, and the two also get to know each other.

If it is only the interaction of the work, the male owner has a good impression on the female host, but considering his own development in the entertainment circle, it will not be close to the rush, but the plot is always pervasive.

When the female host’s play was about to be filmed, the online news of the male and female singers suddenly broke out, saying that the two were in contact because of the drama.

The entertainment industry has always lacked such rumors of catching the wind. The male main body is a national male god who does not know how many people have been bundled and speculated. He did not care if he saw this news, but he did not expect the female host to take the initiative to clarify this piece. thing.

As a female star who just started to make a living in the entertainment circle, she did not take the opportunity to speculate herself. Instead, she bravely stood up to clarify the relationship between the two. This move made the male owner quite fond of the female host.

The man even took the initiative to forward the microblog clarified by the woman, and said: "We are friends [smile]."

This is a simple sentence that officially opened the gap between men and women.

The two started from colleagues and friends, and both at work and in life, the intersections are increasing.

The male lord gradually changed from the ordinary friend of the female lord to the flower ambassador who escorted the female lord, helping the female lord to upgrade her entertainment circle, and helping her to smack her face, and finally said what she said before. That, really came together with the woman.

From the mainline plot, the world's male IQ seems to be much higher than the previous world, at least not at first sight to the female host, at least not in obscurity, at least not happy, but in fact...

The woman in this world does not know how many green hats she wears for the male owner.

For the time being, it is not mentioned that the male and female masters were officially together. Only after the male and female masters were together, the female lord, at the same time as the male lord, had at least 20 green hats for the male lord.

The small fresh meat, the old bacon, the famous director of the entertainment circle, the president, deputy general manager and agent of the entertainment company, the young master of the famous family, the second young master, the illegitimate child... The female host of this world seems to be a full-fledged beauty control, as long as the other party The value of the target is up to the standard.

The terrible thing is that for the woman to do all this, the man is finished! all! Do not! know! situation!

What is even more frightening is that the man and the woman have lived with such a woman and the United States for a lifetime. He even thought that the woman was a white and not dyed white! lotus! flower!

Seeing this, Su Shi can only hehehe, the original IQ of the world man is not reflected in this piece, he can only admire the five bodies in addition to admire.

"The host does not want to be angry. When the man's IQ is restored, it will not be so stupid." The ball also watched the story, and by the way, comforted Su Shi.

Su Shi’s ball smiled and began to look at his own quests. The quest was introduced into Su Shi’s mind along with the original memory.

The role of Su Shi’s character, Zhao Qingsong, is the president of Zhao’s Entertainment.

In this mission world, Zhao's entertainment and Liu's entertainment are the two major forces in the entertainment industry. Zhao Qingsong is the leader of Zhao's entertainment. It is reasonable to say that he will not deal with the signing of Liu's female host.

In fact, in the original plot, he did not deal with the female host, but he was still given the cannon fodder by the female host, only because the female lord's former scum boyfriend Wang Yue is an artist of Zhao.

After the rebirth of the woman, she contacted Zhao Qingsong and listed a series of bad things about Wang Yue, and hoped that the other party could block Wang Yue.

But the example of the female host is that what happened in the past life, what happened in this life, the female host did not dare to reveal her true identity on the phone, so the phone call itself seems to be like a black powder prank. Zhao Qingsong naturally did not put it in his heart, nor did he want to block Wang Yue as the woman owner wanted.

It is for this reason that the female host remembered Zhao Qingsong.

Not only did Zhao Qingsong be discredited, but he also pulled him down from the position of President Zhao’s entertainment. It was said that he fell from the peak of his life into the abyss of hell, and eventually led Zhao Qingsong to be tortured to death by his half-brother.

Based on the various dog blood experiences experienced by Zhao Qingsong, Su Shi’s quest for this spurt is to avoid the tragedy of the original owner and help him to position Zhao’s president.

After completing the branch task, you can get 1000 points of system currency rewards at one time. The system currency can be exchanged for items in the branch task reward exchange area in the mall.

Although Su Shi completed the first world mission before, but had not had time to check her rewards, I saw this line of words before I opened my backpack.

The original empty system backpack, at this time stored a white material flashing a faint light, Su Shi opened it, there is only one line description: one piece of the world.

For this kind of souvenir that was of no use, Su Shi just glanced at it and moved his gaze to the mall. At this time, in addition to the main mall, the mall opened up a redemption area for the task of the branch.

Now his IQ point is 2000 and the system currency is 0.

Su Shi, who is not planning to redeem any items with IQ points, just compares the two. I found that the items in the two redemption areas are similar in type, but the main shopping malls are more diverse, and the IQ and system currency are the only ones. The difference is only 1 IQ point = 10 system coins, it is easy to close the mall.

The ball was on the sidelines for a long time. Seeing that Su Shi was completely uninterested in the props in the mall, he couldn’t help but say: "Hosted adults, you now have 2000 points of IQ rewards. Do you not consider redeeming some practical props? ?"

"No need." Su Shi leaned back on the leather seat, and easily lifted Erlang legs.

The ball can't say anything more. It can only be as cheerful as possible: "Let's start the task happily! The host does not seem to have checked the main task of this time."

Su Shi picked up his eyebrows. He thought that every time the main task was to greet the man 100 times, so he didn't look at the task at all. At this time, he opened the system interface and looked at it. Then... he was speechless.

Main line task: Cooperating with the male actor to play 10 film and television works, and each work needs to complete at least 10 opponents with the male owner, and each man's IQ is restored 10% when finished.

So what is the significance of his choice of Zhao Qingsong, the president of the entertainment industry?





 It is like sensing the anger and resentment of the whole host, and the ball flutters farther away. The guilty conscience explains: "The host is angry, the main task is the system based on the background and plot of the mission world, after extremely complicated calculations. The result is absolutely the best choice!"

"Is it?" Su Shi squinted at the ball, shook it and shook it, and moved back.

Also losing Su Shi is not really going to settle with the ball. The moment is just a helpless sigh: "It seems that my president has to take two jobs."

"The host is so powerful, you can do it very well!" The ball complimented Su Shi with guilty conscience.

Su Shi took a round of the ball and reached out and picked up the phone at hand to call the assistant inside: "You come in."

Three days later, the entire entertainment circle exploded.

The president of Zhao's entertainment turned out to enter the entertainment circle. This bad news took less than a day and spread throughout every corner of the entertainment industry.

#Zhao's Entertainment First-hand forced into the entertainment circle, is it true love, or play tickets? #

#the boss has become the peer to rob resources, seeking the psychological shadow area of ​​Zhao's entertainment artist#

#He has money looks and resources, predicting that Zhao's entertainment president will be in the line within one year#

......

Su Shi looked at the headlines of the major entertainment media and silently praised his wit. Since he wants to enter the entertainment circle, he must enter the wind and wind, so that he can meet the setting of his suicide.

Liu Tianyuan, who was newly promoted to Su Shi’s agent, walked in with a screenplay and stood facelessly in front of his boss: “President, this is some of the scripts I have selected, movies and TV shows, no matter the director. It's still the script itself, it's very good, the president can consider choosing a few of them."

Su Shi put down the tablet and didn't look at the scripts. He said, "I have already chosen. I am not going to make a palace drama recently? I want to play that."

Su Shi checked the timeline before, and now the plot just happened to develop when the woman was just born again, so the closest to the man is the palace drama.

Liu Tianyuan’s mouth couldn’t help but pumped out: “The president, the drama was shot by our company. All the roles have been confirmed half a month ago, or do you want to change one?”

"Do not change, this is the case," Su Shi, who has the rightfulness, refused to give up the advice of the other party. He was quite unreasonable. "You will discuss with the director and scriptwriter of this drama and arrange a new role for me." ”

The implication is that the crew wants to add a new character to the drama.

It is said that Liu Tianyuan’s mouth is more twitching. If the other party is a common artist in his hand, he has already slaps people to the sky and let him shoulder shoulder to shoulder with the sun. But the other side is his top boss. Even if he is a gold medal agent in the company, he does not dare to lose his temper in front of his boss.

Liu Tianyuan secretly took a deep breath and persuaded him: "President, there are not many male characters in the general Gongdou drama, and there are fewer positive characters. With the appearance of the president, why bother to play such a drama? ?"

In fact, this palace drama is very optimistic, otherwise Zhao's entertainment will not be vigorously shot, whether it is the actor casting, or props clothing, are specifically hiring professionals to sit in the town, can be described as extremely hard.

In the original plot, this palace drama is indeed a big fire, earning a lot of money and not saying it, but also let the male and female master's reputation take it to the next level, and it is a newcomer who has won a lot of entertainment circles.

But at this time, Liu Tianyuan’s purpose was to convince his own president to give up the play, so he certainly couldn’t say anything.

However, the president who has the money and resources has a very self-willedness. When he turns the seat, he only gives his own agent a clear head: "No change, this is the case, and my role must have ten games with the man." The opponents play, no more than ten games, each opponent plays up to two lines, and other characters do not arrange any opponents who need to speak. My request is this, after the new script comes out, send it directly to me."

Liu Tianyuan used a very itchy left hand to hold the right hand that was the same itch and wanted to hit people. I was afraid that he would not control the left and right hands. At the same time, he would open the bow to the back of his own president and slap a few slaps. Then he humiliated and said: "I know It is."

Three days later, Liu Tianyuan, who was overwhelmed by the unreasonable president, went to the president's office and held a new script: "President, the script you want."

Su Shi put down the documents in her hand, took the script and scanned it slightly, and then looked strangely strange: "This is the new script?"

Liu Tianyuan, who had already seen the script before, had a slight flash of gaze, but his face was solemn and solemn: "This is a new script that the writer has rushed out overnight, and it definitely meets the requirements of the president."

Su Shi sighed twice in her heart. The scene of this new character really conforms to the requirements of him and the protagonist, but the role itself is a bit difficult to say.

Zhao Gonggong: The general manager of the interior, the powerful red man around the emperor.

The red man who is next to the man, the opponent's play is really there, but what should the **** be?

Su Shi did not mean to look down on the eunuch, but he said that he is also the president of an entertainment company. He wants money and money, wants to have a face, and has resources and resources. This debut will be played by the general manager. Is it too big?

Looking at the appearance of his own president's rare expression, Liu Tianyuan felt that his grievances had been dissipated by all parties in the past few days: "President, if the new script is fine, this matter is fixed." Is it?"

Su Shi’s heart really has some subtle feelings, but after all, he first tossed those people for “no reason”. Now they are rewarded by them. It’s justified. Although he is willful, Su Shi is not a totally unreasonable person. Although the expression was still subtle, but in the end it just nodded: "Okay, that's it."

Isn't it the general manager of the eunuch? For the actors, no matter what role they are, there should be no difference between good and bad, only useless.

I thought that my own president would not agree with Liu Tianyuan of the new script. After listening to this, it was a bit of an accident. My heart was also relieved. It is not too arrogant to see the president.

After the new script was confirmed, it was quickly sent to the hands of the actors. Qi Chen looked at the "big inner manager" who had somehow inexplicably, but only slightly raised his eyebrows.

Regarding the news that Zhao’s entertainment president entered the entertainment industry, he also heard about it, but he did not pay much attention because he also felt that the other party should just come in and play in the nature of the ticket. It is estimated that there will be no intersection with himself. .

I didn't think that the first show of the other party's debut was actually to take care of the harem, which is a little subtle.

However, Qi Chen does not think that the president’s adult is the one that he chose for himself. This role is added. Therefore, after the emotion, he put the matter down, but secretly told himself to pay more attention when filming. Try not to offend this person.

Although he did not sign Zhao’s entertainment, the identity of the other party was there, and this person was not offended by himself.

A month later, the Gongdou drama "Harem of the Harem" officially started.

"Hou Gong Song" tells the story of a folk woman named Jian Jia, who met and met, met, and fell in love with the king of the country.

Although the heroine is a folk woman, the main story of this drama is that after she entered the palace, she first understood the people like the Virgin, and calculated that she lost her unborn child, and even more lost the emperor’s trust and feelings. It gradually became black, exhausted means, step by step, and finally won the post, and achieved a generation of emperors.

However, these plots have nothing to do with Su Shi. As the red man around the emperor, there are only ten games with the emperor's opponents. As for the others, it is enough to use the substitute directly. Anyway, he does not need to speak.

Yes, Su Shi, who has money and resources, is so capricious. The task says that there are ten games to play, so there are only ten games, and there is no more.

The first match:

The emperor sat in front of the imperial case to deal with government affairs. Su Shi stood in an **** costume and stood aside. When the emperor raised his hand and frowned, Su Shi asked before his face: "The emperor is tired, but he wants Rest?"

The emperor glanced at him, so Su Shi retired back without any enthusiasm and continued to stand silently.

The second match:

The emperor stood in the royal garden to enjoy the flowers, and a cold wind blew. Su Shi held a black cloak with embroidered golden dragons and walked forward. He glared at the face and asked: "When the weather is cold, the emperor can wear a cloak?"

The emperor glanced at him, so Su Shi retired back without any enthusiasm and continued to stand silently.

The third match:

The emperor sat in the palace and sadly drank himself, gradually getting drunk.

Su Shi, who was on the sidelines, saw him in front of his body and opened his face and said: "There is a lot of alcohol, and the emperor must be careful about the Eucharist."

The emperor glanced at him, so Su Shi retired back without any enthusiasm and continued to stand silently.

The fourth match:

......

A total of ten opponents, Su Shi's lines add up to no more than twenty sentences, this big internal manager, really is absolutely not worthy of the name, a thing is not done, the net soy sauce.

After reading all the scenes of Su Shi, Qi Chen was silent. He also thought that the reason why the president of Zhao’s entertainment entered the entertainment circle was to take a sip of water. Now it seems that people may just want to stand. Enjoy the scenery by the water, and the strength of the drowning is saved.

The rich are self-willed, and Qi Chen deeply believes this sentence.

More self-willed, the president’s adults have only ten plays, and each play has no more than two lines. It is obviously a lack of drama. The director said that he must first complete his play once.

If it’s just that, it’s just that the people who played with Zhao Qingsong in these ten plays are themselves, which leads to the fact that his actor is too late to play with the heroine, and he’s been dragged. Zhao Qingsong’s supporting role in the Nth began with a completely no-action opponent.

Thinking of this, Qi Chen smiled and put down the script in his hand, and his mouth twitched with a meaningful smile.





 Although his artist is the president of Zhao's entertainment, Liu Tianyuan feels that the other party is definitely ignorant of how to act specifically. The big president is not willing to accept professional training, so it is directly.

After changing the costumes and putting on the makeup, Su·Da Nai, the general manager of the company, appeared on the stage.

"Zhao is always good." Qi Chen, who has already changed his costume, greeted him. He smiled and said hello, and he looked polite and graceful.

Su Shi glanced at Qi Chen, thinking that this was another poor man who had no intelligence. However, he only slightly nodded on the face, quite a bit of a cold feeling: "Get started."

The director's black face made the staff all of you, and the gnashing of the teeth was not scary. With the "Action!", the first act of "The Harem of the Harem" was started.

Qi Chen's eyes are condensed, his face is a plate, his posture is swaying, and he looks like an emperor.

Su Shi’s eyes hang down, his look was loose, and his waist was bent. It was like a big inner manager.

Before the emperor sat in the royal case, the pen in his hand swayed from time to time, and Su Shi stood beside him. His eyes looked at the swaying candle from time to time. After hesitating, he finally dared to raise his hand when he raised his eyebrows. In the previous step, the waist was even worse. He lowered his voice and asked gently: "The emperor is tired, but can rest?"

The emperor heard the sound and looked up. The fierceness of the scorpion had not faded. He scared Su Shi with a sigh of relief. He hurriedly lowered his head and stepped back two steps, farther away than the previous case.

"Card!" The director gave a sound at the right time, ending this simple scene. At this time, his face seemed to be better than just a little, and some reluctantly said. "You both performed well, continue to the next game. ""

Su Shi swayed to the next scene. Qi Chen walked behind him. He looked at him with a different look than before. It seems that this big president is not as unreliable as he imagined.

The scene of the second act is in the Imperial Garden. Because there are basically no lines, the performance of the two is similar to that of the previous scene, so it is very fast.

But when it was time to prepare for the third act, an unexpected, character in the plot appeared.

As the female third of the show, Lu Manni will appear on the set is a normal thing, but Su Shi knows very well that the first day of filming is no other person's part.

The first day of the play belongs to him and Qi Chen. As for why the director will arrange this, of course, because the president of the Soviet Union is rich and self-willed.

The woman owner did not ask for it, which gave Su Shi’s mouth a smile, especially after seeing Lu Manni greeted the director and went straight to her side.

Lu Manni stepped on step by step with hate, and the delicate face with light makeup hung a nice smile: "Qi seniors, General Zhao, hello, my name is Lu Manni, playing Liu Guifei in this drama. The role, please advise more in the future."

"Hello, I am Qi Chen, playing the role of the emperor in this drama." Qi Chenchong Lu Manni smiled and introduced himself in the same way, his eyes faintly glanced at Su Shi.

Su Shi flipped his eyes blankly and poked his knees in the way of self-introduction. Do you have to return "Hello, I play the role of the general manager in this play"?

In the original plot, after the female host was born again, although she was superficially sleek and approachable, she was treated with kindness and temperament. In reality, she would be more timid and violent, and anyone who offended her could not eat any good fruit.

Lu Manni apparently knew about her role as a character, but she greeted her in this way. Isn’t this a provocation?

"If you say this, the things in the emperor's harem will be taken care of by me. If you want the emperor to stay in your house for a few nights, you can have a better time for me." Su Shipi laughs meat. Laughing back with a smile.

Lu Manni was stunned by Su Shi’s words. She looked at Qi Chen subconsciously and saw the other party’s hidden smile. I didn’t care about this sentence, and I could only put a slightly shy smile on it: “Zhao Zongzhen I will be joking. I heard that the main filming of Zhao’s and his predecessors’ dramas today is to think about it and you should not bother you.”

In a word, it is polite, but it is obviously implying that Su Shi played the big card by virtue of his identity. On the first day, he occupied all the time of the director and all the opponents with Qi Chen.

For this kind of person who likes to be ridiculous and ridiculous, Su Shi never knows how to give the other side a feeling: "You know that this is the first time I filmed, and I will feel nervous, so I asked the director to let the predecessors Bring me, if you stay here, I am afraid it will affect my play."

I didn’t expect that my request would be so straightforward. The smile on Lu Manni’s face was cracked. This made her very difficult to accept. She could only turn her head and look at Qi Chen. I hope he can open at this time. Speak for yourself.

Qi Chen also opened her mouth as she wished, like a smile: "Since Lu Manni has come, let her join us? Originally, Zhao’s play is newly added, if it is not consistent with other plots. When I get together, I might seem to be addicted. Of course, I am not saying that Zhao’s play is not important, but I remember that in the script, I have a scene with Lu Manni and we are going to shoot in the same scene. The situation is also very Similarly, Mr. Zhao feels that they can put these two scenes together to shoot?"

Lu Manni quickly adjusted her expression and echoed her eyes. She looked forward to seeing Su Shi: "If I can really help, it would be great."

Su Shi’s identity is special. Even if his previous request was very unreasonable, the director and the screenwriter had to add characters, modify the script according to his requirements, and even refused to blame or complain.

Therefore, this question really has to be promised by his own, otherwise no one wants to change his play.

According to Su Shi’s plan to hang the bombing day, he should not want to directly shake his head and refuse to continue to be willful, but when he sees the calculations from Lu Manni’s eyes, Su He suddenly changed his mind.

"Okay." Su Shi smiled and agreed.

So the three of them used to look for the director to discuss this matter. The director who was worried about how to seamlessly connect Su Shi’s plays with other plots immediately agreed: “Let’s come, let’s be Lumani. Just sit there and help Qichen to make a drink, without saying any lines, do you know?"

"Well, I know." In the face of the director, Lu Manni's attitude is very good.

The director nodded and said: "You go to makeup first, here let them take the following scenes."

"Okay." Lu Manni responded and nodded to Su Shi and Qi Chen, and hurriedly went to makeup.

Su Shi and Qi Chen first went to the fourth act. The ball slammed the machine and complained to Su Shi: "The male and female masters just got to know each other. The male master protects her. I thought that the world’s male master would at least be stricter than Chu. The IQ is a little higher."

"There are no IQs. Is there any comparability between the two?" Su Shi chuckled and didn't care.

Qi Chen couldn't hear the voice of Su Shi and the ball, but he heard the chuckle of his mouth overflowing. He smiled and asked, "What is Zhao always laughing at?"

"Looking at some people who think they are smart, in fact, IQ is zero." Su Shi looked at Qi Chen with a meaningful look.

He didn't think that Qi Chen was because there was no IQ, and he had the previous move. The other party was holding a lively mentality and deliberately doing it.

Although it is only a small calculation that is irrelevant, it will not bring any substantial losses to Su Shi, but he is not a temper who can suffer, and it is still necessary to return it.

Qi Chen thinks that Su Shi’s words are like swearing at him, but the other party does not name him. He is not good at anything. He can only plausibly say: “The IQ is not high, but it’s not because of a pair of eyes. Looked out. Besides, is there a word called 'Dazhi Ruoyu'?"

"But the person I said, he is stupid." Su Shi carefully narrowed his eyes.

"..." Qi Chen actually felt that there was nothing to say, and he became more and more aware that the person Su Shi said was him.

The two men’s concealed machine fronts ended, and with the director’s order, the fourth act began.

When Lu Manni got a good makeup and changed clothes, the two had already taken the seventh act. After the filming, the three started shooting the third scene before skipping.

This scene was originally filmed in the emperor's palace, but because of the role of Liu Guifei, in order to match the corresponding plot, he was moved to Liu Guifei's palace.

The staff were all there, and the group played, and the three protagonists also set their posture.

Qi Chen and Lu Manni sat on the sides of the case in the palace, with some delicate dishes on the table, and another pot of sake, a wine cellar, and Su Shi stood not far behind Qi Chen.

This scene is just Lu Manni, Qichen drinking, Su Shi then find the opportunity to persuade a simple drama, it is very simple to go over.

At first, there was really no problem. Su Shi counted the time. He slammed his voice and said the words: "There is more damage to the body, and the emperor must be careful about the Eucharist."

However, at this time, Lu Manni, who was giving Qichen wine, suddenly wrinkled, put down the jug, turned his head and turned to Su Shi, and the momentum of the whole body was instantly released, and then he sighed out loudly: "Bold slaves, In front of the holy, you are so arrogant, it’s really arrogant!"

Su Shi’s low-pitched scorpion flashed a little, and suddenly understood what the calculations in Lu Manni’s previous calculations meant. Do you want to use your acting skills to suppress yourself? It depends on how qualified she is.

Lu Manni’s behavior is to add a line to himself in a bright and swaying way.

This kind of behavior is really unpleasant, but as long as the lines she adds are in line with the current scene and characters, the director will generally not stop directly because of such a line. After all, sometimes the actors play on the spot, but they can inspire Unexpectedly great results.

In this scene, Lu Manni’s sip is really not a mistake, and it is also in line with the character of Liu Guifei’s character. However, the person who was deliberately killed by her is the president of Zhao’s entertainment, and the director can’t do anything.

The director frowned and was about to stop, but in the camera, Su Shi had slowly slammed down and directed Sparta.

I am jealous, Zhao always gave people a sigh!





 Although it was filming, but the director and other staff still have the feeling that they are dreaming, this is simply too shocking!

Because it was too shocking, the director even forgot to stop, and the opponent's play over there continued.

Su Shi’s action is like a slow motion. In this slow motion, Qi Chen’s posture has not changed, but in the middle of it, it’s flashing and stunned. Lu Manni’s eyes are more sorrowful and mocking. .

What is the president who is on the top and the money is holding, isn’t it just like a slave?

The reason why the former Wang Yue can make himself so miserable is not because there is shelter for this person. If it is not this person, how could she die so badly? !

Lu Manni's hand in the wide sleeves is tightly squatting, and the look of resentment and ridicule on the face is becoming more and more obvious. If it is not because she is now facing the camera, this scene will be recorded by the machine.

But in fact, Su Shi’s action was only a moment. He “slammed” and slammed on the ground, showing the panic of a slave who was scorned by the master. But after he left, he immediately straightened his back. .

Although he is a slave, he is also a human being, and he has the principle he wants to adhere to, so even if he is squatting, he will not bend his back.

Just when Lu Manni thought that Su Shi had been suppressed by her acting skills and could only tremble in front of her, Su Shi suddenly squinted at Lu Manni, his eyes were clearly respectful, but let Lu Manni subconsciously chilled back.

Lu Manni knew that this was the gas field released by the other party in an instant, but she never imagined that a person who had never played a show could even release such a strong gas field, even more intense than her. !

In this shock, Lu Manni heard that Su Shi slowly opened his mouth, and his tone was humble, but there was a hint of perseverance: "The slaves know that the pot of Qingfeng Yulu is carefully prepared by the empress for the emperor, but drinking and hurting, I also hope that the empress will focus on the dragon's dragon. The slaves know that this is really a big deal, and how the maiden can punish them is not too much. I just ask the niece to understand that the slaves are only for the heart of the holy."

After saying this, Su Shi pressed his head and the whole person crouched on the ground, but the seemingly thin back was still tight and straight.

It was also this moment that the momentum that was released outside was completely recovered by Su Shi, and he changed back to the slave who was cautious.

Lu Manni blinked at Su Shi, who was able to breathe freely. She only felt that all the previous conceited emotions were completely shattered. She even forgot what she should do.

Su Shi obviously did not intend to make any move at this time. The scene was fascinated. If the director was still immersed in the fact that the "president was smashed", I was afraid that I would have called "card". It is.

Qi Chen, who has been watching from the side, seems to have seen enough fun. At this time, there was finally a movement. He first looked around Su Shi on his face in a subtle manner. His eyes were condensed and the wine cellar fell heavily on the ground. The sleeves got up: "It’s not early, and you will rest earlier."

After talking about it, he went outside the palace. Lu Manni came back to the world and was busy getting up and saluting: "Chen Chen sent the emperor."

Qi Chen was at this moment, and Lu Manni just wanted to open her enquiry, but she saw Qi Chen’s eyes squinting and unsuccessfully squinting at Su Shi who was still on the ground: “What are you doing there? Don’t keep up! ”

Su Shi hurriedly climbed up from the ground and bowed to Lu Manni with respect and respect, and then he followed his head down.

Lu Manni had already returned to this moment, thinking that she had just been stunned by Su Shi’s momentum, and even the reaction was forgotten, and she felt very annoyed.

However, she still remembers that the scene was not over yet, so she was busy with a look of unwillingness and despair. She looked at the direction of Qi Chen’s departure and waited for a moment. The director finally shouted "card."

However, the three presenters are now thinking about what they are thinking. At least the director is very satisfied with this scene. He is still satisfied with the fact that the "president is smashed" in the heart of the moment. .

It is not that the three people have shown superb acting in this scene, but they are still in place to figure out the characters, especially Su Shi and Qi Chen.

Lu Manni played by Lu Manni because her father was quite re-used by the emperor, and her mother was prosperous, and her status in the harem was also rising, and she became a sultry temper.

Therefore, although she made a self-promotion and added a line, it is in line with the character of the character, and also makes the original single picture rich and vivid.

As for Qi Chen, although he is only 26 years old now, his acting skills have always been affirmed and praised by all parties since his debut.

In the scene just now, Qi Chen had almost no lines compared to Lu Manni who took the initiative and Su Shi, who was passively recruited, but no one could ignore his existence.

In particular, at the end of his scene, he not only showed the domineering side of the emperor, but also showed his emperor's emphasis on his own inner manager through a foot and a sentence.

That sentence seems to be scolding Su Shi, but who can let the emperor stop there, is it a leisurely generation?

Finally, Su Shi, although he is one of the three of the three to enter the entertainment circle, but the director is most surprised by his performance.

Although the previous scenes have changed the director's opinion on the rich and arrogant president, but after all, there are no conflicting plots in those scenes. Qi Chen also deliberately converged the momentum, did not give Su Shi What pressure is brought.

But this scene can be different. Regardless of the reason or purpose of Lu Manni, the director clearly sees that at that moment, she released all the momentum of her body.

If her opponent is Qi Chen, this gas field may not be anything at all, and it is even less likely to affect his play, but for Su Shi, who has just entered the entertainment circle, the impact can be great.

However, the result was beyond everyone's expectations. Su Shi was not suppressed by Lu Manni's momentum. Instead, it showed the amazing potential that had never been developed under this suppression, and instantly released a more powerful gas field. Directly confessed Lu Manni.

This result is really gratifying!

Of course, the identity of Su Shi is swaying there, perhaps the most surprise to the director, or Su Shi’s disregard for his identity as a big president, really collapsed.

At the end of the filming, the director called the three people to the front. Although the result of this scene was very satisfying, Lu Manni’s motives were obviously impure. If the president was angry, the worst thing might be the whole crew. people.

At this point, the director screamed with a serious expression: "Lu Manni, what happened to you? Didn't I tell you what to do? Or do you not understand the script at all?"

Lu Manni is still annoyed with the things she just had, and she was reprimanded by the director. Her face suddenly became pale and she quickly admit her mistake: "Director, I know it is wrong. I blame me for studying the script recently. I forgot that this was specially for Zhao. The set scene will tell the lines that should not be said."

After that, Lu Manni looked at Su Shi with apologetic apologies, almost with tears: "Zhao Zong, I really didn't mean it, please forgive me this time, I promise that I will never make such a mistake again next time. ""

If you apologize, you can say it, but how it seems to be heard, how do you feel wrong?

Su Shi looked at Lu Manni with some uncomfortable feelings, especially when she saw the other face's pale face and sorrowful look, and let him directly think of Jiang Yueyue, the female host of the last world, his mood was even more uncomfortable.

He is upset, the one who makes him unhappy is only more unhappy than him.

"You know that you are wrong. I know that you are anxious and want to express yourself. But everything must be measured. I am a newcomer who has just entered the entertainment circle today. If something just happened, maybe someone would use it." Say you bully the newcomer," Su Shi said, laughing at Lu Manni, but the words he said were unrelenting. "Furthermore, I have no rivals with you, so even if you don't guarantee, I don't think so. There will be another time."

In some words, Lu Manni’s face was paler. First, the director said that she “can’t read the script”, and that Su Shi said that she “bullish new people”, which is simply to ruin her acting career!

Lu Manni, who has just reborn, is more aware of the situation than her previous life, but this time is also the time when her resentment is the most vigorous. I think of the humiliation that I have received in my previous life, and then look at the two people who have just oppressed her. Lu Manni almost wants Can't control my emotions.

But she must not completely fall out with the director and Zhao Qingsong at this time, otherwise she will be finished, so now she must endure!

Lu Manni took a few breaths in her palm and finally reluctantly calmed down the negative emotions she was about to overflow. She lowered her head and apologized again: "I am really sorry, I will not make such mistakes in the future."

"Well, you can leave, we have to take a next scene." Su Shi gave up his hand and waved Lu Manni mercilessly.

With a full of anger and resentment, Lu Manni stepped into the dressing room step by step, seemingly calm, but her heart has already completely hated Su Shi.

One day, she will tear this sinister hypocrite off the dust and let him regret the move today!

After Lu Manni left, the ball came to Su Shi and asked weakly: "The host is actually dealing with the woman, and it is completely possible to break her back from the beginning. After all, your current identity is very good. Advantage."

The female host’s current reputation is still very small, but Su Shi is the president of Zhao’s entertainment. Although he is not his own artist, as long as he moves his fingers, he can easily crush the female owner.

And as long as the woman is dead, things become much simpler.

However, Su Shi heard the words but looked at the ball with a look of mental retardation: "According to the career development of the male master in the original plot, it takes at least five or six years to complete the main task. If the woman is so early, Is it boring to get rid of life?"

"..." Although it is very uncomfortable to be a mentally handicapped ball, it is actually speechless.

Qi Chen, who has been watching Su Shi, sees his face with a subtle expression. He can't help but smile and ask: "What is Zhao thinking?"

Su Shi used the same look as the ball to Qi Chen: "I just thought of the fool who had zero IQ."

"..." Qi Chen inexplicably felt a bit pain in his knee.





 All of Su Shi’s plays took less than a day, and all the filming was completed, so the fact that he was in front of him was that the first day of the filming of Harem’s Melody, Su Shi’s play was directly killed.

Or to put it another way, when all the actors in the show except Qichen have not officially started shooting, Su Shi’s play has already been smashed.

"Congratulations, killing, do you want to have a meal together tonight, is it a celebration?" When he said this, Qi Chen was somewhat inexplicably wanting to laugh, and he was the first time he encountered such a wonderful situation.

Su Shi just stunned him and refused to hesitate to reject the invitation from the national god: "No, there is nothing to celebrate."

This world is different from the situation in the first world. Even if he does not have a good relationship with the man, Su Shi can successfully complete the main task. Who makes him a big and profitable president?

Qi Chen’s heart did not know why it was lost, but it did not show it: “Well, then I will not bother Zhao.”

Su Shi nodded coldly and left the studio without returning, but I did not know that Qi Chen had been staring at his back, and there were serious and doubtful eyes that he did not even notice.

For a moment, Qi Chen had the feeling that he finally found the correct answer, but he immediately laughed and said, how could he be looking for a living person?

After the play was killed, Su Shi sat back in the president's office when he was wearing it. The main line task can only wait slowly, but the side line task can let him play.

According to the clues provided by the original plot, Zhao Qingsong was dragged down by the president of Zhao’s entertainment and was reviled by the world. Apart from a huge secret of his own, the main blow was from his half-brother. Brother Zhao Qinglian, and his father Zhao Yuan.

In the original master's cognition, although his father Zhao Yuan was not screaming, he was harsh and harsh, but it was worthy of his respect.

The younger brother who is an illegitimate child does not ask him to like it, but he also keeps his own points and excludes his identity. He has never done anything that makes him unhappy.

However, it is these two individuals, one who has been calculating him secretly, and sold the evidence in his hands to Lu Manni at the crucial moment, leaving the original leader to be defeated; the other is cold and cold, when the original master is in trouble, not only Instead of lending a helping hand, instead of standing on the sidelines, the original owner was kicked open and became the last straw to crush the camel.

Many times, what is more terrible than the enemy is the betrayal and calculations of those who trust.

In the original plot, the original master was defeated by his name, and he was driven out of the Zhao family and became the insulting object of Zhao Qinglian. He suddenly realized where he had lost, but it was too late, and he was eventually tortured to death by Zhao Qinglian.

Now, everything has not happened yet. Su Shi, who knows everything, has a hundred ways to easily complete the task of the branch. By the way, he will "return" the two "relatives" for the original owner.

"The ball, where is Zhao Qinglian now?" Su Shi asked in a cold voice.

The ball checked the plot and asked in detail: "Zhao Qinglian is four years younger than you. He is just 20 years old this year. Now he is studying in the province, and his major is economic management."

"I am still in college." Su Shi sighed, not because the other party or the students were soft, but now Zhao Qinglian did not even enter the society, it is easy to directly kill, but the impact is not enough, after all, only When a person stands on a high place, it will be more painful to fall, and it will be more difficult to stand up again.

According to the development of the original plot, Zhao Qinglian was admitted to the Zhao family after graduating from the university. Later, Zhao Yuan was assigned to the Zhao Group and started from the general staff.

However, since Zhao Yuan will let Zhao Qinglian choose the economic management profession, it is obvious that the purpose is not pure from the beginning.

Su Shi’s fingertips knocked on the table and thought about it. The face was serious and gave the ball a very shameful task: “Zhao Qinglian is not as fond of his father. I like to be around. I will collect it for you from now on. Take a photo of the bed and see how long it takes to fill a disc."

The ball slammed a red light spot and quickly rotated in midair. After a while, it barely stopped: "Stay... hosted, this doesn't seem too good?"

Su Shi stunned the ball and deliberately joked: "I just let you collect evidence, but did not let you watch it carefully. I have never seen you so dirty."

The ball "snapped" again, then "Duang" fell to the ground and bounced a few times without moving.

#Your system can't operate normally due to excessive blood loss, please fill up the blood in time. #

In the end, after the ball was rebellious, it was forced to start the task. When faced with such a cruel and ruthless host, it could not escape even if it was dead.

In addition to the beginning of catching Zhao Qinglian's evidence of the wind, Su Shi also seized the management of the company.

Although the original owner has been seated as the president of Zhao's entertainment three years ago, the management of the company has gradually started, but it is undeniable that the main right of Zhao's entertainment is still firmly in the hands of Zhao Yuan.

This kind of thing may be taken for granted by the original owner, but for Su Shi, it cannot be tolerated.

Power is only reassuring if you hold it in your own hands.

It took only half a day for Su Shi to find out the main capable cadres of Zhao Yuan. This time he did not use the power of the ball, but he personally found out the results, but the means used were not very glorious.

After all, the super-high IQ is there, and if it is not used, it is too wasteful.

After confirming the list, Su Shi sneaked out the things that could be regarded as handles on these people, but after finding these things, Su Shi did not intend to do it directly.

One foot kills the enemy, although it is cool, but it lacks fun. Besides, this way can not highlight the personality setting of his Su Shuang at all.

Su Shi’s plan is to let the enemy himself kill himself, so that is interesting.

Thinking of this, Su Shi smiled with satisfaction, and cleared all the traces he had left when he had just checked things.

Just after doing this, Su Shi’s internal telephone was ringing at the right time, and Su Shi handed the phone.

Liu Tianyuan’s anxious voice came from the phone: “President, just got a small media to send a message saying that someone sent him an anonymous article. The article mentioned that you joined the harem’s song and said that you By means of identity, the director is required to take all of your plays before you can shoot other actors, and there is also a photo of you when you enter the studio. This manuscript has been stopped, but because Anonymous, if you want to check it, you still need..."

"Don't check it." Su Shi's voice calmly interrupted Liu Tianyuan's eager words.

"What does the president mean?" Liu Tianyuan cautiously asked, seemingly afraid that Su Shi would send the fire to him.

"Do you think that the manuscript is not true?" Su Shi asked Liu Tianyuan.

This question makes Liu Tianyuan speechless, but even if the manuscript is true, this kind of thing can't let it spread out, so what does Zhao mean in the end?

He wants to let himself answer yes, or is it?

Liu Tianyuan did not want to answer this question. Su Shi did not bother him. He directly said his decision: "Since the manuscript has been stopped, this matter will be fine. I don't have to check it anymore. But this media lost because of me. I have a good manuscript, I always have to give it back."

Liu Tianyuan secretly sighed, but although it was not a loss for the small media, the loss would obviously be even worse if he did, so Liu Tianyuan did not feel that the president needed to specialize in this matter. To compensate for anything.

But since the other party said this, Liu Tianyuan will never sing against him: "What does the president mean to compensate for this small media?"

"Yes, since they have lost a manuscript, they will pay them a good one," Su Shi nodded and looked indifferent. "Before I went to the studio to film, Lu Manni offered to join us to film, but Deliberately embarrassing me when shooting, you make a manuscript based on this subject and send it to the media."

There was no response in the phone, because Liu Tianyuan had no idea what to do, and he felt as if he had discovered something unspeakable.

"What? Do you think anything wrong with my words?" Su Shi said with some impatience.

Liu Tianyuan only came back to God and hesitated for a few seconds before he whispered in a less certain voice: "Is it... Is that manuscript sent by Lu Manni?"

"Have I said this?" Su Shi asked again.

Liu Tianyuan didn't know how to answer it, but even if the president did not admit it, he had already guessed this thing in nine out of ten. As a qualified employee, as long as you know what you are doing, some should not ask. The question really cannot be asked.

At this time, Liu Tianyuan correctly placed himself in the position of the company's employees, not the president's agent.

"No, I just mentioned it, the president should not mention it." Liu Tianyuan quickly denied it and quickly stated his position. "I will arrange this as soon as possible. What other instructions does the president have?"

Su Shi thought for a moment and said: "I have time to help me contact the director and screenwriter of "Harem Melody", I have something to say to them."

"Okay, the director should be on the set now, I will contact them at noon." Liu Tianyuan ordered.

"Well, you are going to be busy." After Su Shi hangs up the phone directly, he leans back on the leather seat, but there is a smile with a cold smile.

I didn't directly send the photos in the film, but chose the photos when Su Shi entered the studio. It seems that Lu Manni is still a little clever, and her cleverness should not stop this.

I didn’t publish the manuscripts and photos directly on the Internet, and I didn’t choose the media with great influence. Instead, I chose such a small and unknown media. This move seems stupid, but it is hidden.

Su Min’s identity, Lu Manni, is known. She is also very clear that even if she exhausts the means to promote this incident, I am afraid that it will not bring a fatal blow to Su Shi, but it will probably provoke Su Shi and bring herself to the top. disaster.

But if she chooses a medium with little influence, the situation can be quite different.

As a result, the smaller the media, the more it does not understand the influence of Zhao’s entertainment, and it is more likely that it will be released directly without any scruples;

Second, the influence of small media is not great. Even if such a manuscript is released, it may escape the suicide of Su Shi and will not be pursued and withdrawn.

On this basis, Lu Manni's choice can be described as very sensible, and it can be seen from this that Lu Manni's purpose is not to rectify Su Shi, but to leave the evidence he wants.

In the entertainment industry, turning over the old account is a very common situation.

After a star is exploded with a black material, it may be that all the black materials will be turned out in the past ten years. Whether it is, or not, it will be magnified many times at this time, becoming a powerful evidence and weapon to attack him.

The matter that is in front of you may not be anything at all for Su Shi, but it will not bring much influence, but if he is pulled down one day, this is nothing but a fatal thing. The weapon has an unexpected impact.

It can be seen that Lu Manni is indeed a little clever, but her little cleverness is placed in front of Su Shi, and it is not enough to watch.

Su Shi is very admired that Lu Manni has calculated his courage, and hopes that the other party has the courage to bear the consequences at the same time, because in this respect, he has always gotten a ten.





 At noon, the director of "The Harem of the Harem" called Su Shi. Although she was very helpless to the self-willed president, she was still respectful in her attitude: "Is there anything that Zhao always asks me and Lao Han? ?"

The "Old Han" in the director's mouth is the screenwriter of "Harem of the Harem", named Han Zikun.

"There is something I want to trouble two. It is about the female No.3 in "The Harem of the Harem." Su Shi’s voice is quietly open and straightforward, but the minds of the opposite people have turned nine times in an instant. bend.

Although Zhang Jin, the director of the "Harem of the Harem", is less than 40 years old, he is already very famous in the industry and is known for his quality. His TV series, regardless of the ratings, is good.

This is not only because of his strict selection of actors, but also because of his strict control of the props set, and because his requirements for the script have always been quite high.

Previously, because of Su Shi’s waywardness, letting him temporarily add characters and aggravate the situation is already the limit of Zhang Jin’s concession. If Su Shi asks him to change the requirements of other characters, he may directly slap the burden.

However, before the other party made this request explicitly, Zhang Jin still had a glimpse of luck: "Zhou always knows the actor who plays the role of female No. 3?"

This question was really lame. Su Shi had just played a rivalry with Lu Manni. Even if she didn’t know it before, it’s impossible to know it now, but Zhang Jin really didn’t know what to say.

Su Shi did not have the feeling of playing Tai Chi with this person. He straightforwardly said: "I want the two to help me adjust the female third."

The luck in his heart was poked, and Zhang Jin’s tone suddenly cooled down. He and Han Zikun looked at each other with a hint of hardship: “Zhao Zong, I don’t think there is any problem with the female No. 3 in the script. Therefore, it is not necessary for adjustment."

Su Shi was silent for a moment, but she did not use her identity to press the other side to compromise, but the tone was gentle and naturally said another question: "When I saw this drama, I felt that there was some handling of an important story inside. Question, I want to ask Zhang to discuss."

This made Zhang Jin have a moment of arrogance. The president’s topic jumped a bit too unexpectedly, but I thought it might be that the other party was looking for a step for himself. Zhang Jin also took the words: “Don’t dare, Zhao There is always something to say, just say it."

"According to Zhang, what is the character of the female actor in this drama?" Su Shi did not answer directly, but instead thrown a question.

Zhang Jin’s slight glimpse, Han Zikun sitting next to him replied to this question: “In the script, I want to shape the female lord into a soft, self-contained, and distinct character. Is it that I have shaped the character? What's the problem?"

"I also think that the female lord should be such a character, but the two still remember the story of the female host after losing the child in the script?" Su Shi backed the wide seat and leisurely tilted his leg to the table.

Zhang Jin and Han Zikun are also looking at each other. They all have some troubles. They don’t understand what Su Shi wants to say. Han Zikun can only continue to answer: "The plot is the turning point of the blackening of the female host, and it can be regarded as the drama. The biggest climax point is mainly the process of the female host from desperate resentment, to struggle to compromise, and finally to stand up again."

"The description of this story in the script is very detailed and very exciting," Su Shi squinted and continued to sneak a man. "But in this part of the story, the opponent between the man and the woman makes me feel very bad." And a woman who just lost her child, resentful of all her rivals, but she is all inclusive of the culprits that caused this happening. Is this woman really sick?"

In "The Harem of the Harem", the female lord, whether before the blackening or after the blackening, and the feelings of the male lord are deep in love like the sea, such as glue-like paint, completely unaffected by the combination of a dead woman.

This seemingly harmonious plot is almost the same as brain damage in Su Shi’s eyes.

The enchanting emperor is the chief culprit of all the tragedies of the female lord, but the female lord and his grace are lovingly coming from the beginning to the end, even after the blackening of the female lord, she is only the ones who are crushing all the way. The harem Concubines, as for the male owner, she has no intention of blaming the alienation.

Such a woman is absolutely ill, and people who write such a story are also very suspicious of whether he is sick.

But at the moment, Su Shi obviously will not say his true thoughts. Otherwise, even if he is the big president of Zhao's entertainment, these two people may fall off his phone without any politeness.

"If you divide the play into a plot line and an emotional line, only the ups and downs of the plot will attract a lot of viewers, but if you add emotional new ideas and ups and downs, you will inevitably get twice the result with half the effort." Thinking, I licked my mouth. "On the emotional line, the female lord only eats the vinegar of the woman. It seems too thin, especially in the story of her loss of the child, there is no love for the man. Hate, isn’t this a waste of drama?”

Both Zhang Jin and Han Zikun are smart people. After listening to Su Shi’s words, they suddenly feel like a slap in the face. As a palace drama, in addition to being able to shoot the tithe between the female host and the female counterparts, it is also very suitable for shooting. Love and hate between men and women!

Not to mention other, just say the background of the palace fighting, so many women and a man put together, this is simply to open the emotional drama, so good time and place, how can they ignore it before!

I have to say that Su Shi’s remarks really gave the two people a good wake up, so that they suddenly woke up, but they couldn’t blame Zhang Jin and Han Zikun for not thinking about it, although they are all experienced people, but after all, It is two rough-faced men. It is also understandable that the handling of some emotional dramas is not good.

"Zhao Zong, thank you very much. If you didn't mention this, we still don't realize the problem." Zhang Jin's voice was a little excited and shivering.

Han Zikun’s situation is similar to that of Zhang Jin. He simply can’t wait to change the script immediately.

However, when the two were excited about this, Su Shi gave them a cold water in their pockets: "Zhang Dao is not polite. This play is Zhao’s entertainment, but I just said something, Zhang. How is the guide considered?"

Zhang Jin, who was still immersed in excitement and unable to extricate himself, did not respond for a time: "What is Zhao always saying?"

"It is to adjust the female third drama." Su Shi's voice is light and windy, no waves, just like saying something unusual.

However, Zhang Jin, who was poured out of the cold water by this basin, was suddenly silenced. He thought of Su Shi’s guidance, and he was very clear about the other’s intentions.

The way this thing was changed was to make Zhang Jin feel very surprised and make him feel a little embarrassed.

Surprisingly, he thought that in the capacity of Zhao Qingsong, the president of Zhao's entertainment, in this matter, he would definitely issue a hard order and threaten to force him. Who knows that this person has even adopted such a friendly way.

It’s difficult, naturally, whether you want to agree with the other party’s exchange conditions.

In the circle, Zhang Jin’s temper is known for his rigor and integrity, but how many of the people who really mix the entertainment circle are really angular?

So at this time, Zhang Jin considered more, but it was after the decision, and how to tell Lumani about it.

"Zhang Dao doesn't have to feel embarrassed. I also know that my request is not reasonable. If Zhang wants to refuse, there is nothing. I won't take it." After throwing the bait, Su Shi only needs to keep laughing. By the way, you can also ridicule Zhang Jin who just righteously refused his own.

Zhang Jin’s old face was reddened by Su Shi. He just refused to accept the unreasonable demands of the other party. It took only a long time for the idea to be shaken and shaken so thoroughly.

Zhang Jingan coughed twice, pretending to be calm and casually asked: "I don't know how Zhao Zhao thinks the female number three plays needs to be adjusted?"

The adjustment of the word is too general, the change is the adjustment, the play is also adjusted, and even if the role is deleted directly, it can barely be called adjustment.

Knowing that Zhang Jin almost agreed with his exchange conditions, Su Shi said slowly and slowly: "The screenwriter has worked hard to write the script. If the adjustment range is too large, it is obviously a very hard thing. The front scene will not be used. Changed, directly change the last scene of the women's third."

Zhang Jin and Han Zikun reluctantly look at each other. Although Su Shi said this lightly, the two of them are very clear. This last scene is a finishing touch for the role of the female third. It is of great significance.

The female three showed a lot of sultry side in the play. When she was playing with the emperor occasionally, she would bring the charm of some little daughters, but because of her personality in the weekdays, even if she showed her daughter’s modality, Mostly flattering and direct.

It is obviously not pleasing to put such a temper in front of the audience, but in this drama, the position of the writer to the female three is a love and hate, and it is annoying and can’t help but feel sad. Character.

Hate and hate, in almost every scene of the women's three can be reflected, except for the last scene.

So the rest of love, pity, and sadness are almost all condensed in the last scene, which shows how important the scene is to this character.

Now, Zhao Qingsong turned to the scene and let them change the scene.

Zhang Jin’s hesitation can’t help but a little more, but the thought that all the actors in the three women’s plays together may not be as good as the one that Su Shi had given him before, and hesitated and quickly fell back.

After all, to blame can only blame Lu Manni for not knowing what to do, to provoke people who should not be provoked, why should he offend Zhao’s president for such a person?

With such a thought, Zhang Jin thoroughly persuaded himself, such as the strong man nodded like a wrist, and agreed to Su Shi’s request: "Okay, then change it!"





 The script that had just been forced to be revised once is now forced to be revised for the second time, because the revised story is not too small, and it is still in the main story, so each major actor has received a new script.

When Lu Manni received the script, she only thought that the president was arrogant, and forced the director to revise the script again and again. It would only blacken himself. Lu Manni would like to see it. I laughed a lot.

But when she saw that the modified drama contained her own final scene, Lu Manni couldn’t smile at all. A pair of apricots brought with them strong resentment and anger. Zhao Qingsong even publicized her hatred and let the director modify it. Her play!

This is simply too deceiving!

Lu Manni directly contacted Zhang Jin in anger, but in the end she still knew the anger of convergence, and did not directly attack the body of Zhang Jin: "Director, I just read the revised new script, I think other plots The modification is very good, but the female three there...Director, you have not said before, the highlight of the role of the female three is the last scene? Now the last scene has been changed, will it affect the role of the show? And shaping it?"

Lu Manni did not directly complain about the fact that her plays were arbitrarily modified, but deliberately considered the problem from the perspective of Zhang Jin, so that she could pick up herself and cause Zhang Jin’s dissatisfaction with Zhao Qingsong.

Although Lu Manni has the golden finger of rebirth, she also knows that she is still an unnamed little character. Directly confronting Zhao Qingsong is tantamount to hitting the stone with an egg. Without any chance of winning, it is very likely that he will fall into ruin. Circumstance.

However, Zhang Jin is not a fool. I can't guess Lu Manni's mind. The words are only coldly said: "The reason why we modify the script is entirely for the overall consideration of the work. I know that you feel that this is aggrieved, but It is clearly stated in the contract that you are obliged to accept and cooperate with reasonable plot changes."

Lu Manni couldn't help but be stunned by this. She had already put her attitude so soft. Zhang Jin didn't give her face at all, and she said that she was so blunt. Isn't this a deliberate bullying?

Besides, how does she feel that the modification of her own drama has something to do with the integrity of the work? And the script of the previous drama has not been revised!

Thought of this, Lu Manni's heart can not help but a sudden, some problems that have not been concerned before have all come out.

Why haven’t things happened in the past life, but now it happened?

Why did Zhao Qingsong suddenly choose to enter the entertainment circle? Why must he participate in this drama? Why must he play against Qi Chen? Could it be that……

A terrible guess came to mind, and Lu Manni’s face turned white and almost stood unsteadily.

If it is after she has done something, the world line has changed significantly, it can be said that because of her rebirth brings the butterfly effect, but she has never seen Zhao Qingsong before!

So no matter from which angle to consider, there seems to be only one answer to these questions, that is...

"Lu Manni, do you have anything else? I am very busy here." Suddenly, Zhang Jin was impatient, and Lu Manni suddenly returned.

At the moment, her head was in a mess, and she had no energy to continue to deal with Zhang Jin. She could only hang up the phone in a hurry.

Putting down the phone, Lu Manni is still awkward. Why is Zhao Qingsong also reborn? He has not been ashamed to die like himself, and he can get a chance to be born again!

It is obvious that she should be the one who is unique in this world!

Of course, this is not the most awkward for Lu Manni. Although Zhao Qingsong’s rebirth made her feel unfair, the two had never dealt with each other in the past, and the other party should not do anything for themselves.

However, she had just had a small contradiction with the other party on the set before, which is equivalent to exposing herself to the other's line of sight or to the enemy.

Although Lu Manni did not feel that her actions at the time were wrong, but based on Zhao Qingsong is also a rebirth, such practices are indeed too dangerous.

I knew that Zhao Qingsong was also the same as her, and she said that she would not provoke him!

The idea was that Lu Manni saw the media that she anonymously handed the manuscript on the second day. Instead of Zhao Qingsong’s big-name content, she reported that she was interested in the newcomers and suddenly became stronger.

So what should she do now!

Here Lu Manni was angry at Su Shi’s business, and Su Shi was also discussing the topic of the female host with the ball.

"The host is also planning to use the same thing as the previous world, and slowly expose the true face of the woman, so that the male owner can stay away from it?" The ball is not worried that Su Shi will not be able to complete the task, it just feels that it is necessary to do it. Be prepared mentally, because its host is really too bad.

Su Shi flipped through the documents and didn't lift her head. "I'm afraid it won't. I intend to let the female owner open her own face, so that the man will naturally stay away from her."

"Do women be so stupid?" The ball doesn't quite understand Su Shi's brain circuit.

"The female host of this world still has some IQ, but it is not a sentence called 'smart is against clever mistakes'? This sentence is very suitable for Lu Manni," Su Shi gestured a good word on the document, lost the pen On one side, leaning back on the back of the chair, "It's better to watch her jump down instead of pushing her down. Isn't that more interesting?"

Say, Su Shi also revealed a meaningful smile to the ball, scared the ball in his heart, and it was terrible to host the adult!

"Don't rush to cry, help me to see the situation of the woman's side." Su Shi did not pity the cherished jade to make the ball work.

The ball can only continue to squat on one side, while looking at the situation of the woman: "She is at home now, but it seems to be a bit too bad, like being scared by something."

Su Shi’s eyes flashed, and the smile on his lips gradually deepened: “This way, it should be fast.”

"Come on? What is faster?" The question on the ball hangs a 360° no-dead question mark. How can it not understand the host?

Su Shi did not say more, stood up directly from the seat and went out: "I want to go out to activities, you can help me with the rest of the documents."

"..." The ball is really embarrassing this time.

Three days later, Su Shi received an unexpected call, and the person who called him was Lu Manni.

"Hey, hello." Su Shi pretends to call the phone without knowing anything.

Lu Manni’s voice of cramped and overkill was quickly heard: “General Zhao, hello, I am Lu Manni.”

"Lu Manni? I don't remember having heard of this name." Su Shi's fingertips tapped on the table, and the expression on his face was exceptionally light.

Lu Manni was obviously stunned. She knew that the other party was deliberate, but she could not get angry. She could only introduce herself with a hint of grievance: "Is Zhao always forgotten? We have seen it in the film of "Hou Gong Qu" Faceted."

"Oh, you are the actress who deliberately harassed me. Speaking, I just saw a report about this incident today." Su Shi continued to say that the mad man did not pay for it.

Lu Manni’s face is red, and fortunately she is just talking on the phone now, otherwise she may not be able to control the other party’s slap: “Zhao Zong, that’s really something wrong with me. I’ve been remembering this for a few days. I always feel that I am very unwilling to go, and this is the way to contact you."

"So you called, just to make a special apology to me?" Su Shi asked.

Lu Manni admits that she has to put on a soft and sincere attitude: "Yes, if Zhao is free, I would like to ask you to have a meal, it is a gift."

"Looking at your sincerity, I have reluctantly agreed, but I am very busy recently, time is temporarily out of the air, and I will contact you when I have time." Su Shi promised to be very refreshing.

Lu Manni did not expect Su Shi to directly agree, and when she was loose, she could not help but give birth to a bit of disdain. The attitude of this person has become so fast, isn’t it to look at her own beauty?

"Zhao is willing to give me this opportunity. I am very happy. When Zhao’s time is empty, don’t forget this.” Lu Manni smiled and flattered Su Shi’s sentence, and then hung up.

When the phone hangs up, Su Shi puts a task on the ball: "Cate Qichen's recent entertainment arrangements, preferably private entertainment within ten days."

"I will check it out." While the ball took over the task, I couldn't help but smash it in my heart. Why other systems and hosts are systems that give tasks to the host, and when it comes to it, it becomes a host. Have you issued an order to the system?

It feels that he may be deceived. Maybe it is not an invincible system on the tall, but a little cabbage that nobody loves.

"I haven't found it yet?" Su Shi's tone was full of disappointment.

The ball is silent, and it is more certain that he is a miserable little cabbage. He is destined to be no one hurts, no one loves, and is oppressed by the host of the bad taste. It is simply sad.

"It has been found. Five days later, Qi Chen and a director made an appointment to eat at the drunken moon. The time is 6:30 in the evening." After the ball answered the question, he went to the corner and painted. The circle has gone.

Su Shi did not care about the little emotion of the ball, got the answer, and directly gave Lu Manni a call: "Five days later, drunk moon Xuan, at six o'clock in the evening, is there a problem?"

"No...no problem, of course no problem." Lu Manni was a little messy in the wind. Just said that he was very busy, and which one was the time? She just hung up the phone in less than five minutes!

"Okay, I will see you at that time." Su Shi did not care what Lu Manni was thinking, and hung up the phone directly.

Putting down the phone, Su Shi slowly smiled as he touched his chin. I don't know what interesting things will happen after five days?





 Qi Chen and the director's appointment time is 6:30 in the evening, but in view of his personal habits, he arrived at the agreed place at 6:10.

As the name suggests, Drunken Moon Restaurant is a quaint restaurant with a light taste, but the environment is very good and the privacy is very high. Many well-known actors will meet here.

It can reflect personal taste, and is comfortable and quiet.

The private room was booked in advance, because it was not the first time to come here, Qi Chen did not let the waiter lead the way, and one walked past, but when he walked to the door of the private room, he found that the door of the private room was actually a virtual Covered.

Even the door of the private room was forgotten. The waiters who had packed up the private room must be very careless.

Qi Chen frowned, and reached out and was about to push the door open, but suddenly heard a low laugh inside, this laughter is familiar, but also let Qi Chen push the door's action paused.

After the low laughter, the voice that was introduced into Qichen’s ear was a man’s voice: “Miss Lu invited me to come out, is it just to say this?”

"I was supposed to apologize to General Zhao." Then came the voice of a woman.

Qi Chen’s memory is very good. He only heard the identity of the two people. He looked up and looked at the name on the private room. The Magnolia Hall was indeed the private room he had booked.

Although I don’t know why these two people will appear in the private room that I have booked, Qichen knows that it is very inappropriate for him to continue to stand here. I don’t know how, his heart is inexplicably itchy, I don’t want to Go ahead.

In his hesitation, there was a familiar voice inside.

"Before the filming, did Miss Lu have already apologized to me? Do I look like a person who cares so much?" Su Shi held his chin in one hand and held a cup of Biluochun in one hand. When he spoke, he was laughing. of.

Lu Manni, who was sitting across from him, couldn't wait to pull out his eyes directly. She had made it clear on the phone before, but Zhao Qingsong also deliberately asked about this, which made it clear that she was deliberately humiliating her!

This person is not yet able to provoke himself. Even if he is wronged, Lu Manni can only follow his meaning: "Zhao always laughs, how can I think so? It is also a good fortune to film with Zhao. So I thought about having time to have a meal together."

It is said that it was a filming, but it was just a less than five minutes of opponents. This is the result of Lu Manni’s arbitrage to add words to himself.

Such an excuse is too far-fetched.

Qi Chen sneered in his heart, and his senses to Lu Manni became even worse. He had just offended Zhao Qingsong before, but now he used his apology as an excuse to deliberately approach him. This woman is too utilitarian and too fickle. Right?

Obviously, it is not a matter of his own, but Qi Chen feels that he has blocked a sigh of relief, which makes him somewhat uncomfortable.

The dialogue inside is still going on, but Qi Chen has no intention of continuing to listen, both because of his slight discomfort in his heart, and because the place where he stands is after all, it is a private corridor. There may be other people appearing at any time.

Taking a deep breath to adjust the mood, Qichen’s action naturally pushed the door of the room away and walked two steps in it, only to see the two people sitting inside, and the look obviously became strange: “You...”

After he didn't finish his words, he stepped back two more steps. He looked at the name on the eye and confirmed that he didn't go wrong. He walked in again and smiled and said: "Zhao Zong, Miss Lu, here. It’s a coincidence that I met you, are you also booking the Magnolia Hall?”

Whether it is the action that he pushed before the door, or the tone of speech at this time, it seems natural, if it is not long known that this person has just been outside the door, maybe even Su Shi will be deceived by him.

This man is worthy of being a national male god. The acting is really good. Su Shi is not thinking about it at the right time.

When Lu Manni saw Qi Chen, she couldn't help but squint. When she reacted to what he said, he immediately turned to look at Su Shi. This private room was arranged by him.

Su Shi put down the teacup in her hand and raised her eyebrows to stand up: "Is this the Magnolia Hall? We booked the dusty moon pavilion. I didn't expect it to go wrong, but I can meet the big star here. It is a fate. ?"

"I also think that we are very close, so I met again so soon," Qi Chen smiled politely, but the words he said had a meaningful feeling, but then he pulled the topic back to the business, " Dust Yuege is just next door to the Magnolia Hall. It is really easy to make mistakes."

Lu Manni followed her up. She looked at Qichen and looked at Su Shi. Her eyes flashed slightly and her face was apologetic. "I am very sorry about this. I blame me for not asking Zhao. Which private room is there, otherwise it will not happen."

It’s another word that is sincere and sincere, but in fact shirking responsibility, Su Shi couldn’t help but turn a blind eye.

Qi Chen just saw the white eyes that Su Shi turned out. Some of the feelings of sorrow were miraculously better: "This is not a bad thing. If it is not the wrong room, we may not be able to meet it today. Since there is such a Destiny, is it better for Zhao to stay and have a meal together?"

"Come here to eat, you should have a date?" Su Shi looked at Qi Chen suspiciously, this person should just be a guest? It’s just that he’s acting very well and looks pretty sincere.

"It is about the director Liu Mingzhen to eat here, but there is nothing to talk about, just chatting." Qi Chen said that he is very sincere to stay with two people to eat.

Lu Manni, who was very interested in eating with Qi Chen, blinked her eyes after hearing the words "Liu Mingzhen". She pretended to be reserved. In fact, she reinterpreted it again and again: "This really won't Excuse me?"

Director Liu Mingzhen is a very famous director. Although most of her photographs are literary films that are not sold at the box office, the literary films that have been shot by her hand are very good.

Unlike those literary films without disease, Liu Mingzhen's films are often full of content, and the level of thought can reach a certain height, but it is not a simple song, it can be thought-provoking and introspective.

Such a movie box office may not be high, but it is often well-received, and from the perspective of an actor, such a quality film is easier to win.

Making money is one thing, but it is also important to the actor to have a reputation and heritage.

Whether there is strength or not, all need certain standards to prove, even if it is the same strength, won the prize and did not win the prize, it sounds very different.

This is the entertainment circle.

For Lu Manni, who has just reborn, being able to know more about a famous director is tantamount to a road. She is still confident in her acting skills.

Qi Chen’s sense of Lu Manni is not good, but she is together with Zhao Qingsong. She can’t leave Zhao Qingsong alone, but she drives her away.

Just when Qi Chen was ready to answer this question, he listened to Su Shi suddenly chuckled and said: "If there is something to do with my company, I will go back first. You should have fun."

"Since you have booked a private room, are you not planning to eat here?" Qi Chen eagerly spoke. After he finished, he realized that his tone was not right. He added a smile and added, "If Zhao always thinks me." The proposal is too abrupt, and we can continue the previous arrangements."

Su Shi did not understand Qi Chen's practice. His purpose today is only to reduce Qi Chen's affection for Lu Manni. This incident should not affect Qi Chen's sense of him.

If it really has an impact, it should be that Qi Chen will hate to be with him, so what is the situation now?

"Zhao Zong, since Qi’s predecessors have already said this, would you like to have dinner with them?” Lu Manni cursed Su Shi’s wayward self-serving, selfishness, and tempered to persuade her, she must not miss This opportunity!

Qi Chen didn't talk any more, but he also looked at Su Shi with a gaze and waited for his answer.

This kind of gaze made Su Shi's heart float a little irritated, because it made him think of Chu Yan, who would look at him with such a focused and serious look when he expected a positive answer.

Su Shi, who did not intend to stay, refused to be more cautious after a bad mood: "No, I am leaving."

After that, Su Shi picked up the coat and went straight outside the private room.

It is clear that the other party only refused the proposal to dine together, but at this moment, Qi Chen’s heart suddenly jumped, as if this person’s departure would make him lose something important.

He had no time to think about where this feeling came from, and the body had made a decision first, reaching out and holding Su Shi's arm.

However, Su Shi’s reaction was very rapid, and he was suddenly slammed open when he had just touched each other.

"Qi Daxing, is this going to do me?" Su Shi’s eyes stared at Qi Chen coldly, and his body’s momentum did not converge outside. When he was in a bad mood, no one would think better.

Lu Manni, who witnessed all of this, stood on the side and couldn’t speak at all. Her heart was even more scared. She was offended by a terrible figure. This momentum is terrible!

Qi Chen’s hand was still half-lifted, and seemed to have forgotten to let go. His eyes stared at Su Shi without hesitation. The emotions flowing in his eyes were complicated and difficult to distinguish. It was like a huge whirlpool that could completely **** people in. .

No one guessed how his heart beats violently in this seemingly calm and restrained look.

After another, it is almost necessary to break through the obstacles of the chest, completely release the surging emotions and drown the whole world.

Su Shi met Qi Chen silently and did not speak, and did not want to continue to waste time here. He snorted and turned to prepare to leave, but he was once again stunned by Qi Chen.

This **** is over!

Su Shi was completely angry. He slammed his hands and tried to get rid of the other's restraint. But this time he failed to do so. Qi Chen's strength was amazing, as if he had exhausted all his strength.

"What the **** are you doing?!" Su Shi looked at Qi Chen and asked.

Qi Chen's eyes are still as deep and calm as the sea, but the sound of the opening is obviously hoarse: "I found it, it is you."





 This inexplicable words made Su Shi more angry. He was about to get angry. Qi Chen had already loosened his arm first, and took a step back. The expression on his face was restored to the past: "Sorry. Just after I was abrupt, I still hope that Zhao will not mind."

He slowly blinked his eyes, and the turbulent emotions in the middle of the river were replaced by calmness in an instant. Although the eyes were still deep, they were already restrained.

This change of face speed, even Su Shi can not help but admire, but the premise is that the other person is not him.

I just had a hard-faced look at the people, and now I sincerely apologize. Is he really a fool?

But Su Shi hasn't had time to attack yet. The ball has been screaming and crying: "Host the adults, you must be calm! Now the main task has just begun, you can't be stiff with the man!"

Su Shi smiled and faced the ball: "It doesn't matter, I can buy the man directly, just let him play against me, so that our mission can be completed faster."

This kind of imprisonment forced play seems to be quite sensational, but it scared the ball with a wow, as if it was imprisoned to be imprisoned.

Su Shi’s words are obviously only scaring the ball. In fact, at the same time as he said this, Su Shi has already controlled his temper very well. He gave a cold look to Qi Chen and said nothing. The land left the private room.

When Su Shi left, Lu Manni, who had been gloating over the scene, said with an apology: "Qi seniors, Zhao’s temper has not been very good, you should never care, he is not..."

"Roll!" A low-pitched, malicious drink interrupted Lu Manni.

Lu Manni is so dumbfounded, she must have been illusory, right?

How can Qi Quchen, who has always been gentle and courteous, say such rude words, so she must have misunderstood, and Lu Manni settled her mind and said again: "Qi seniors, I..."

However, her words were interrupted again. Qi Chen slowly looked up and looked straight at Lu Manni: "Now, immediately, immediately... get out of here, thank you."

This time Lu Manni was completely forced, because she saw Qi Chen’s eyes, and the pair of people always had a polite smile. At this time, it was like a pool of silent ice water, which could instantly reflect the people in it. Frozen.

Even more frightening is that the eyes are still full of malicious.

Lu Manni shook the whole person subconsciously, and the heartbeat seemed to be stagnant. This person’s eyes were terrible!

"Miss Lu, the same thing, do I need to say the third time?" Qi Chen extended his right hand to cover his eyes, and the corner of his mouth slowly showed a similar smile.

Lu Manni has completely returned to her heart. Although her heart is like a thousand grass horses, she can't spit it out at the moment. She can only lift the bag and leave the room quickly.

After Lu Manni left, Qi Chen blinked and stood in the spot for a few minutes, suddenly slowly laughing down, the laughter was full of pleasure and relaxation, but compared with just the gloomy mood, it is inevitable that there is some nervous feeling. .

After laughing, Qi Chen did not continue to wait in the private room, but left the drunken Xuan, driving back to a villa he had not been to for a long time.

The large villa is located in a quiet suburb with no other buildings around it, and it looks quite a bit strange in the night.

Qi Chen’s car stopped in front of the villa. He came down from the car and walked to the door step by step. He opened the heavy wooden door of the villa and opened all kinds of lights in the villa until the whole villa was bright.

In this process, Qi Chen's movements have been very light, very slow, and very solemn, just like doing some kind of ritual.

After doing this, Qi Chen sat down in the living room on the first floor. His back was straight and his eyes were empty. It looked like he was simply in a daze, but his eyes flashed with a clear light.

I don't know how long I have been sitting. Qi Chen finally got up slowly. He went to the leftmost room on the first floor, and started from here, looking at the room.

In the first room, there are many stones, colorful and different in shape. They are carefully placed on the tall collection racks and look like a very precious collection.

The second room, full of books, looks like a study, but it doesn't look like an ordinary study, because every book inside is carefully taken into the dice and looks even more It is like a collectible, not for usual viewing.

In the third room, there are all kinds of feathers, long, short, red, and green, each placed in a transparent glass bottle.

......

There are a total of twelve rooms, and the eleventh rooms in front look unconventional. The things inside are neatly arranged in different categories. There are only the twelfth room. There are all kinds of strange things in the big room. There are no rules to follow.

But Qi Chen stayed here for the longest time, and he started to be as dazed as he was in the living room.

Everyone doesn't know that Qi Chen actually has a hard time to talk about it. He is a collector.

He likes to collect all kinds of things, whether it is useful or useless.

He did collect a lot of things, feathers, glass, stones, sand, water... but these strange things still can't satisfy him, probably because he hasn't found anything that makes him feel bored.

A person is so afraid of being bored.

A person will continue to collect all kinds of things because of fear of boredom.

Qi Chen feels incredible, but he is the man. He is too scared and bored. It is like someone who keeps telling him that he must not be bored. Once he feels bored, you will lose the most important thing. .

Qi Chen didn't even know what his most important thing was, but he instinctively had this feeling.

This feeling urged him to constantly look for novelty, constantly putting these things into his hands, but he was constantly disappointed.

When a thing is held in his hand, he can clearly find the answer, that is not what he wants.

So he still has to continue to be afraid, continue to look for, continue to be disappointed, and even desperate.

But those have already passed, because just today, just now, he has found such a thing, that piece will not make him bored, and will not let him fear something boring.

He has carefully checked the other's wrist, and that is exactly what he has been looking for.

And what I have collected from myself can be completely dusted because he has found the right answer.

And he will surely grasp his correct answer and seize that person.

Qi Chen stayed in the twelfth room for a long time. When he went out, he locked the door from the outside. The things in this room were different from those in other rooms. They gave him peace of mind and satisfaction. Although very short.

But now Qi Chen first locked the room, and then he slowly locked the doors of other rooms, and locked the keys of these rooms together with the key of a donkey in the blind.

At the moment of leaving the villa, Qi Chen did not feel lost, but the heartbeat was like a drum, and the squat was filled with the necessary.

At the same time, because the host is really worried about the host, and by the way, secretly observed the ball of the male situation, after seeing some pictures, the whole ball is blown up: "Host adult! Host adults! I have important information here!"

Su Shi, who was sitting on the bed and rubbing her hair, came cold and cold: "What?"

Being so stunned, the light that had just been blown out by the ball was instantly taken back. It didn't talk, but presented the picture that he had just seen in front of Su Shi.

Su Shiben glanced casually, and then the look was condensed, and even the movements on his hands stopped.

"Hosting adults, have I found a very great secret?" The ball floated past.

But Su Shi looked inexplicably and glanced: "You shut up!"

I think that I have made great achievements, and I want to brush the ball of the host's good feelings and I have to squint to the corner to draw a circle.

Su Shi looked inexplicably at the picture in front of her eyes, looking at the past a little, her eyes could not help but become soft, heart-shaped stones, maple leaves like fire, fine sand at the fingertips, blue water, and colorful Coral, green feathers... The most amazing thing is that there is still a screw marked on the Ferris wheel.

These things mixed with all kinds of memories all appeared in the same picture, and Qi Chen's figure is also among them.

Su Shi blinked his eyes, and the corner of his mouth slowly evoked a curve that represented pleasure. The two books were filled with the eyes of a cold peach, and the light of the intoxication was shot in an instant, but it seemed to cover a layer of fog. It is impossible to see the emotions inside.

Even the ball that was hiding in the circle was shattered into the eyes by Su Shi’s expression, and he turned a circle in a stupid way.

"Come here." Su Shi’s ball hooked his fingers.

The ball instantly woke up from the beauty, and it was a spirit: "Hosting adults, is there anything?"

Su Shi took a gimmick and was very innocent: "Do I look so scary?"

The ball is in tears in my heart. It’s not too scary to look at the host, but your inner being is bad.

However, this can not be said, the ball ran away with tears, hesitantly drifted over, but still dare not be too close to Su Shi, although it feels that he has just done a good thing, but do not know why, There is always a little ominous premonition in his heart.

Su Shi looked at the ball like this, and hooked his finger: "Closer."

The ball swallowed the saliva that did not exist, and shivered and fluttered to the edge of Su Shi. For the next moment, he was pinched in the palm of the host.

"...&*#¥%@*!" The ball was scared and garbled.

Su Shi was completely unaware of the horror of the ball, and the action naturally pinched the ball and objectively evaluated: "It feels good."

The ball almost fainted directly, if possible.

However, as a sphere of artificial intelligence, it is obvious that there is no right to die. I can only cry and beg for mercy: "I am willing to change the host, no matter what I am doing wrong, I beg you not to continue playing with me, ying Oh..."

Su Shi’s eyes were picked uncontrollably. He smiled and said: “I have a question, I hope you can answer me seriously.”

"Host the adults, you are asking ╥ _ ╥!" The ball feels that it is about to be scrapped.

"What is the relationship between Qi Chen and Chu Yu Yan?" Su Shi asked with a smile.





 The ball slammed and subconsciously replied: "They are all male lords... oh!&*#@%¥!"

The strange sound later was because Su Shi began to "play" the poor ball and feel good.

"I, I, I... I really don't know, I am a host!" I was "played" twice in a row, and the strength of the ball was not even crying. "I only know that Qichen and Chu Yuyan are both of them. The male lord in the world is also the main task of the host, and I don’t really know what else!"

Su Shi stared deep into the ball for a while, finally slowly released his hand in the other's pleading, and smiled and said: "Sorry, because your hand feels so good, so I can't help it. 'Played with you twice.'

When talking about the words "playing", Su Shi deliberately increased the tone.

The ball did not notice this at all. Regaining its freedom, it immediately moved away from the demonic host like a wind. It felt that it had suffered at least 30,000 points of damage, even if the host was hugged. !

No, if the host really hugs it, it will definitely give him a more terrible psychological shadow!

Su Shi did not care to hide in the corner of the ball, and squinted slightly to think about the problem.

What is the relationship between Qi Chen and Chu Yu Yan?

The things collected by Qi Chen, collected with the previous world and Chu Yuyan, have a similarity of at least 99%. Such high similarity is never a coincidence.

But Qi Chen and Chu Yu Yan Mingming are two independent individuals. Their looks are completely different, their characters are completely different, their identities are completely different, and even they are not in the same world.

So what is the answer to this question?

Su Shiben thought that he could get an answer from the mouth of the ball. After all, it is the world that knows the most about these tasks, but the result is disappointing.

Obviously know that there must be some connection between these two people. Su Shi’s heart even has his own guess, but this speculation can not be further confirmed. This feeling is indeed a little bad, and even makes him annoyed.

For the first time in his life, Su Shi felt that his life of Su Shuang seemed to have a little trouble.

Su Shi secretly took a deep breath and waved the ball: "Come here."

The ball that is crying silently blows directly, and it is as dead as it is: "No, I will never give in!"

Su Shi’s forehead was covered with black lines, and he looked at the white light spot on the ball that was too intense and shimmering. His heart was hard to give birth to a few points. He relaxed his voice: “Reassured, I really have no interest in 'playing with you', just because I thought you knew the truth of the matter, but deliberately stared at me."

"How can I lie to someone like my cute system! You suspect me!" This explanation not only did not alleviate the grief of the ball, but made it even more harmful.

Su Shi sighed helplessly, and the smile on her face was more gentle: "I know it is wrong, I will never doubt you again next time, so don't be angry, okay?"

This is the first time Su Shi has spoken to herself in such a soft tone. Although she knows how terrible the host is, the tone is still very effective in making up for the trauma of the ball.

The ball slammed two times and smashed it a few times. It was finally hit by Su Shi's sugar-coated shells and chose to yield.

"Help me get the key to the villa, every room." Su Shi directly issued the order.

The ball was ordered, and the fighting spirit assured: "The host is assured that this kind of thing is a piece of cake for me, absolutely no problem."

Seeing that the ball is so full of blood and resurrection, Su Shi feels gratified at the same time, and feels that the attributes of his system are absolutely stupid and sweet, and such a system is also quite a sense of bullying.

From the ball, there is no answer to the question. Su Shi can only slowly explore it himself, but he is not in a hurry. Sometimes, the process of exploration is more interesting.

After this night, Su Shi and Qi Chen did not take the initiative to contact each other, as if what happened this night was just an illusion.

After that, the two continued to be busy with their own affairs. The filming of "Harem of the Harem" continued, and Su Shi’s plan continued.

In a calm, one month's time slipped silently. On the morning of the day, when the sun rose as usual, people walked on the way to work, and a gossip topic suddenly appeared on the Internet.

[There is a picture of the truth! A deputy general manager of an entertainment company, under the human skin turned out to be such a beast! ]

With this theme, a post with a huge amount of information and a large number of indecent photos suddenly appeared in major entertainment forums, attracting the attention of countless passers-by.

1L: Sofa, grab the floor and watch again.

2L: Word Scorpio! I feel that my eyes are going to be paralyzed.

3L: Seeking high-definition pictures! Ask for the seed address! Ask the old driver to take me!

4L: Deputy general manager of an entertainment company, looking at the photos, said that should be the deputy general manager of Zhao's entertainment Lin Yan?

5L: It’s a big break. The “deputy general manager of an entertainment company” didn’t have a wife and a son. Has it always been known for self-discipline?

6L: I... I think it must be my eyes. Why do I seem to see my goddess in those uncoded photos? OhNO! It must be the way I opened the post!

7L: The circle is really chaotic and the identification is completed.

8L: Quickly save the map, good resources should be shared together. By the way, this "deputy general manager of a certain entertainment company" is really the battle **** in the slag, hidden in it!

......

Su Shi looked around at the forum with more and more high-profile posts, and he was so eager to drink milk. After waiting for such a long time, his quest was finally officially launched.

The deceased "Deputy General Manager of an entertainment company" is not someone else. It is the dedication of the original father Zhao Yuan.

This person can be the position of the deputy general manager, the mentality means is not ordinary, but in the IQ, emotional intelligence double, and there is a cheat weapon in front of Su Shi, it is not enough to read.

And directly from this person, in order to more effectively hit Zhao Yuan, more interesting to complete the side line task.

Half an hour after this post appeared, Su Shi took the initiative to contact Zhao Yuan. This is the first time that he has contacted the father of the original name after he passed through.

The phone rang eight times in a row and was connected by Zhao Yuan. At this time, he did not see the posts on the Internet. After connecting the phone, he only asked coldly: "Is there a call so early? Is there anything?"

"I have something to discuss with my father." Su Shi also puts forward the attitude that the original owner would face when facing Zhao Yuan.

"You are saying that you have entered the entertainment circle without my consent?" Zhao Yuan did not wait for Su Shi to finish the conversation and directly interrupted him. He was very confident in taking the words. "This is indeed yours." No, but you are not a child, you have to learn to take responsibility for your actions. I give you a chance to make a fuss, but it must not exceed my tolerance."

Su Shi patiently listened to Zhao Yuan's words, and slowly said: "Thank you for being willing to say so much to me. It is a pity that I am not talking about this."

"Then why are you bothering me so early?" Zhao Yuan's voice brought some dissatisfaction.

Su Shi calmly knocked on the table: "It's about Lin Shushu. I have sent the relevant information to your mailbox. You can go and see it now."

"Uncle Lin" in Su Shikou is the "Deputy General Manager of a Entertainment Company" Lin Yan who broke the news in the post.

After that, Su Shi hangs up the phone directly, because he knows that even if he does not hang up the phone, Zhao Yuan will hang up the phone very quickly. How can he give this person a chance to hang up his phone?

Although this is only a trivial matter, Su Shi is so capricious, so careless.

About five minutes later, Su Shi’s phone rang. He looked at the number and tapped his fingertips to calculate the time the phone rang. After eight sounds, Su Shi finally picked up the phone.

Yes, he is so capricious, so careless.

At the same time as the phone was connected, Su Shi pressed the recording button.

As soon as the phone was connected, Zhao Yuan’s voice of anger was immediately passed on: “How can such a post appear on the Internet? What the **** is going on!”

"I just saw those posts, because Uncle Lin's identity is special, I dare not handle it, so I called to ask my father about your suggestion." Su Shi's voice is serious, but Zhao Yuan can't see it. Wherever he went, his expression was actually relaxing and playful.

"There is nothing to ask about this! Quickly delete these posts, then notify the public relations department and handle this matter as soon as possible!" Zhao Yuan gasped.

Su Shi confirmed the opening: "My father means, in any case, should you take Uncle Lin out of this matter?"

Zhao Yuan continued to pant: "Since those photos have burst out, I am afraid I can't even wash them. Now I still focus on the interests of the company."

Su Shi on the other end of the phone slowly slammed his mouth, it seems that his small plan has taken effect.

"But..." Su Shi paused for a moment and continued indefinitely. "Uncle Lin has made great contributions to Zhao's entertainment over the years. Although this happened, I think..."

"You shut me up!" Zhao Yuan once again interrupted Su Shi's words, almost gnashing his teeth. "Now the owner of Zhao's entertainment is still me, and you can't come to question my decision!"

The other side said that this is the case, what can Su Shi say?

He can only nod his head and agree: "I know how to deal with this."

"Be sure to find out who did it in the end as soon as possible. If you find out who it is, don't be light!" Zhao Yuan is obviously not too angry with this matter.

Su Shi nodded again and promised, and did not wait for Zhao Yuan to continue to vent his temper. He hangs up the phone directly, he does not want to do Zhao Yuan's punching bag.

After saving the recording of the recent call, Su Shi first arranged the public relations department to handle the matter, and then directly contacted Lin Yan.

Pulling people directly from the high position is very simple for Su Shi, but it will make things lose their interesting taste. Su Shi is a very scary person.

And as it is now, it is much more interesting to slowly provoke the relationship between the two and watch them fight each other. Of course, he will also insert two feet at the right time.





 Lin Yan, as the party to this incident, learned about it almost a few minutes after the incident. At this time, he was also squandering the matter.

Suddenly receiving Su Shi’s phone call, Lin Yan’s heart could not help but burst into a sudden, but he could only slap the phone on the scalp, with some guilty words: “Zhao always contacted me so early, is there any order?”

Su Shi did not intend to go around with this person, straightforwardly said: "I called Uncle Lin, I want to talk to Uncle Lin about the incident that happened this morning."

Lin Yan secretly complained in his heart, nervous and palms began to sweat, and his body suddenly burst into such a scandal, absolutely negative impact on Zhao's entertainment, although he followed Zhao Yuan for many years, but now Zhao's entertainment After all, the president is Zhao Qingsong. It is difficult to guarantee that he will not remove himself by this matter.

Lin Yan’s thoughts are going back thousands of times. I can only move my backing out first: “This is really a bad thing for me. I want to take the initiative to admit mistakes to your father.”

Su Shi did not know Lin Yan’s thoughts. Now he just smiled and said: “My father already knows about this. We just called, and he also gave me a special account. Let me take the interests of the company as the most important thing.”

Lin Yan did not believe Su Shi’s words at all. Instead, he was more certain that the other side wanted to get rid of himself. He deliberately used this to lie to him: “Is it? But I have followed your father for many years and made such a serious mistake. Always be wrong for your father."

"It seems that Uncle Lin is not convinced of me. Fortunately, I recorded the call with my father. Uncle Lin is interested to listen." After that, Su Shi directly opened the recording and aimed at the phonation of the phone. .

At the beginning, Lin Yan thought that Su Shi was still licking moths, but the content of the phone slowly went backwards, and the expression on his face became more and more exciting.

When the recording was completely finished, Lin Yan was forced by the whole person. It was just a scandal. Zhao Yuan would have to abandon him directly? !

Immediately, Su Shi passed the relaxed voice of a smile: "Uncle Lin should believe me now?"

Lin Yan opened his mouth, but he only felt that his throat was awkward and he could not speak.

"Accordingly, since my father has already given me the direction, I naturally do not disobey my father's meaning, but Uncle Lin is the veteran of the company, and has made a lot of contributions to the company, unloading and killing such things, I still can't do it." Didn't hear the other person's response, Su Shi didn't care, and continued to talk slowly.

Lin Yan swallowed a spit and sipped the scorpion and finally found his voice: "Does this need me to do anything?"

Lin Yan’s mood at this time was extremely complicated. He never imagined that the person who had always been loyal to him would easily abandon himself, and he always bullied and coped, even the person who had never seen it before, became the only one who could save. His people.

"I have already notified the public relations department to handle this matter. The time for those posts has not been long, but because of the large forums, the scope is too wide. It takes some time to completely delete them." Su Shi knows each other. Still satisfied, the tone is still slow, "Uncle Lin is inconvenient to show up for the time being, there is no need to do anything, but in the next few days, he will be wronged."

The implication is that Lin Yan does not need to go to the company these days.

Lin Yan’s palm was full of cold sweat. He changed his hand and took the phone, and unconsciously rubbed the hand on his trouser legs. “I know, then I will call on Zhao.”

After saying this, Lin Yan paused for a moment, and added another word: "The general grace of Zhao, I will report."

This latter sentence is obviously a statement.

Wen Yan, Su Shi raised his eyebrows and smiled: "Uncle Lin said it is heavy, and the company will rely on you in the future. You have to rest for a few days, and it will be difficult to get a holiday later."

"Zhao is very polite, this is what I should do." After listening to this, Lin Yan was completely relieved, and there was a layer of cold sweat on the back. At the same time, Zhao Yuan, who ignored him. More resentful.

The two men took care of each other and then hung up.

When the phone hangs up, the ball can't help but curiously floated over: "Host the adults, what did you do, even let Zhao Yuan and Lin Yan suddenly turn against each other?"

"Actually, I didn't do anything. I just added a photo that I didn't have on the photos of Zhao Yuanfa." Su Shi casually answered and immediately deleted the recording.

The ball is still not very understandable, and more curious: "Photos? What is the photo, the lethality is so big?"

It is necessary to know that Lin Yan was born with a good brother who was born and died together with Zhao Yuan. In the original plot, the relationship between the two has been very iron, and Lin Yan is even more famous for Zhao Yuan.

Now Su Shi actually used a thin photo, and in such a short period of time, successfully provoked the relationship between the two, and does not blame the ball will be so curious.

"It is also a photo of Lin Yan and a woman, but this woman's identity is somewhat special. She is one of Zhao Yuan's mistresses." Su Shi smiled and helped the ball to answer questions.

The whole body of the ball flashed twice, and it seems to be a bit more aggressive: "In this way, the relationship between Zhao Yuan and Lin Yan is cracked?"

"Don't you hear a word? Only women and toothbrushes can't be shared. Don't you think these two things are disgusting?" Su Shi squinted at the ball and didn't even understand the truth. Is this really a system with IQ?

The ball flicked twice again, and some of them moved a few times: "I don't think so, because I don't need a woman or a toothbrush."

"...hehe." Please drag this unimportant system out.

The ball felt the murderousness in Su Shi’s eyes and quickly returned to normal state: “I can understand this truth, but the women in the photo are not sharing the same man? Since Zhao Yuan can have relationships with so many women. Then why can't he accept these women and other men?"

"Because there is a disease in the world called 'straight male cancer', Zhao Yuan is a serious patient with this disease." Su Shi slightly narrowed his eyes, his eyes flashed with contempt and disgust, "the people who generally got the disease." The end is very bad, and they will be cursed, and they can't find true love for a lifetime."

"Then he is really miserable." The ball foolishly believed Su Shi's words.

Su Shi couldn't help but rolled her eyes and continued to flick the ball: "By the way, help you with science. There is still a disease in the world called 'NP'. Those who have this disease are also very miserable, and they are very miserable. Will be harmonized by God."

The ball automatically translated the word "harmony" into "eliminating" and could not help but be scared: "This disease is even more horrible."

"So, to be a man must be specific, and must not double standard." Su Shi made a concluding speech.

The ball swayed in a round and deep, and flashed the halo of the whole body: "Yes, I must make a system that is unique and not double-labeled!"

Su Shi took a look at the idiot's eyes and ended the today's Soviet-style science lecture with a sentence: "Where is the "Harem of the Harem"?"

The ball is still immersed in its own fighting spirit and can't extricate itself. After a while, it has come back to God: "The progress has been completed by about a quarter, which is already the result of speeding up."

The shooting cycle of a typical TV series is not too long, but because the length of the "Harem of the Harem" is longer than that of an ordinary TV series, and its shooting is more refined and sophisticated, the shooting cycle is also lengthened.

According to the progress of the original plot, the shooting cycle of "Harem of the Harem" will take at least half a year, Su Shi does not want to wait so long, directly let the director speed up the shooting progress.

But even so, it takes about four months to finish the show, and now only a month has passed.

This problem made Su Shi a bit worried because he didn't like boredom.

"Host adult, if you really feel bored, do you want to contact the male owner? Sometimes, you should take the initiative to do something, otherwise it is easy to miss." Every time Su Shi is bored, the ball is fearful. I am afraid that he will not pay the burden directly.

Su Shi took a look at the ball and sneered: "No interest."

The ball is very invisible to the host, but it does not dare to persuade.

In the past month, the situation of Su Shi’s alignment has not been heard. It’s like not remembering that there is such a person in the world. The ball is very eager to see, but it’s only one way to persuade. The system is squatting there.

Continue to continue this way, the ball feels that he is almost dying.

The one-person-one-system dialogue here has obviously not been carried out, and on the side of Qichen, there are some dramas that can’t be played.

"Card!" As the director yelled, the scene being filmed in front of him was NG again, which is already the sixth NG of this scene.

The director black-faced and called the two people who shot the scene to the front, and the girl covered his face with a training: "Lu Manni, do you still remember what role you played? You are the only nobleman in the emperor's harem, the mother is gaining power, the holy pet The most important thing is that your feelings for the emperor are different from other embarrassment. You love him, not afraid of him. You don’t understand!"

Lu Manni lowered her head and trained, but there was a group of unknown fires in her heart. She didn’t know what was going on. She knew that she had already prepared herself and her feelings were in place, but when she was filming, it seemed to be What is suppressed, it can't be played at all.

The first time, Lu Manni could comfort herself because she hadn't adjusted her status for a while, but she could wait for her once, twice, three times... and she couldn't stand it anymore.

So what is going on here!

However, even if the heart is on fire, Lu Manni can't send the fire to the director, but she can only nod her head: "The director is relieved, the next one I must take a good shot."

"You have said this to me four times, or waited until you say it," the director snorted, his eyes slowly turning to Qi Chen. "You will cooperate with Lu Manni and take her to find the feeling."

Qi Chen’s expression was mild and courteous, but with some hidden emotions in his eyes. He glanced at Lu Manni and smiled and nodded: “I will try to help her.”

It is a very common look, but Lu Manni has subconsciously made a nap.





 Lu Manni is not a fool. If she didn't realize the real reason for her dysfunction before, then it would be clear after Qi Chen had a meaningful look at it.

But Lu Manni couldn't understand why Qi Chen had to target himself like this. He clearly did not offend him.

Even if the last time in the drunken month Xuan really made a lot of fun, but the person who was wronged is her!

This problem plagued Lu Manni all day long. When it was time to finish work at night, Lu Manni couldn't help but stop Qi Chen, her hands clasped together, her eyes and hopes to look at Qi Chen: "Qi seniors, can you give me five? In minutes, I have a question and hope to get your answer."

Qi Chen smiled and looked at Lu Manni: "You ask."

Lu Manni looked around and said with some hesitation: "Let's stand here and say?"

Qi Chen continued to smile: "Five minutes of time may not be enough for you to find a suitable place to chat, and now one minute has passed."

Lu Manni’s fine lines in the corners of her eyes were pumped out uncontrollably. She raised her hand and licked her hair to cover up the past: “The older generation also knows that I am just a new person. This is the first scene I officially took, so if If there is anything that is not done well, please ask the seniors to point out."

Qi Chen continued to smile: "Pointing new people, it should be."

The smile on Lu Manni's face was almost frozen. Her words were already obvious. Qi Chen had nothing to understand, which was obviously intentional.

Na Lu Lu Mani could not clearly ask Qi Chen, why should she deliberately suppress herself while acting, and the tone of her heart suddenly made her more uncomfortable.

Qi Chen did not seem to see Lu Manni's slightly raised eyebrows. After waiting quietly for a while, she continued to smile and said: "The time is almost the same. If you have nothing else, I will take a step first."

Although the words are like this, after Qi Chen finished speaking, he did not give Lu Manni a chance to open his mouth and left.

Lu Manni was so angry that she was squatting behind Qichen, but there was no reason to stop Qichen again. She could only continue to squat until the back of Qichen disappeared completely. Lu Manni’s emotions slowly calmed down, she took out from the bag. Mobile phone, skillfully press a string of numbers and dial.

"I used to trouble you, now I can start." After saying this, Lu Manni quickly hangs up and deletes the call record.

At 8 o'clock that evening, a series of gossip posts and microblogs suddenly appeared on the Internet. The heading styles were different, but the content was surprisingly similar, and they were all related to Qi Chen and Lu Manni.

#Shocking news, the national male god is suspected of falling in love, feeling that he believes in love again! #

#国皇帝VS新星贵妃: Is it because of the drama, or is it a play hype? #

#A new star is the heat, tied the national male god hype, where is the bottom line of people! #

......

This series of posts, microblogging appeared, immediately because of Qi Chen's super high popularity and was topped up fiercely, fans of all walks of life, but also contributed to the enthusiasm of the heat of this matter.

The general trend of such posts is this.

1L: Is my male god really in love? ! Do not! I don't believe, I don't believe it! Oh...

2L: How big is this woman's face, I have never seen it before, and I am holding my husband's bundle of hype, but I want to be crazy about it? Unfortunately, my husband has only me, and other women are standing by!

3L: I think it's okay, although this female star is not famous, but at first glance it is pure and not artificial, and the enchanting goods that were tied to the gods' hype before are not the same.

4L: Oh, is the water army hired by Lu Manni upstairs? A little 18-star star who doesn't have a reputation at all, can star in the "Harem of the Harem", No. 3, not because of unspoken rules, but also because of what? Don't be funny here, she doesn't even have to give the men a shoe!

5L: Don't say this upstairs, maybe someone will be married to your male god at that time?

6L: Hey! How do you speak upstairs! How can my male god look so bad!

7L: The attitude of the fans, the **** is really poor, even if the family is a star, there is freedom to fall in love, right? Your attitude is to hope that your male god is lonely and old?

8L: I really don't want to be opposed to the male god. I think they look quite good.

9L: With an X! I have never seen such a shameless water army, and I have never seen such a brazen star. Before I use other people’s hype, I don’t have to lick myself a few pounds, just shameless!

10L: If you say this upstairs, it is not very good. I can't stand this pure passer-by.

11L: What kind of passers-by are there, there is a positive attitude!

12L: Come, who is afraid of who, oh yeah!

......

So they are so up.

Under the "friendly" cooperation of these fans, passers-by and Shuijun, the posts in the major forums are all on fire, and the number of hits on Weibo is also rising, even netizens have brushed up #国男God is in love with this online topic.

After a few fires burned together, the result was conceivable. Su Shi couldn’t help but praise the people who planned this thing behind him. People were shameless, and it was really invincible.

"According to the original plot line, these topics should appear only after the film is finished. How can this be so long before this time? At this time, there is no interaction between the man and the woman." The ball is puzzled. The ground shook around Su Shi.

Su Shi chuckled and looked at the ball with a look that "you are really stupid, very naive": "Do you think that in the original plot, it was because of the interaction between men and women that these gossip news appeared? There are real coincidences in the world, these are just the means by which the female owner attracts the attention of the male owner."

The ball feels that it has been ruthlessly despised, but it is completely speechless, so at this moment its heart is shocked, completely did not expect the world's female lord to be so motivated!

Su Shi turned off the relevant interface, and asked his own words, "You guess, what will the man do this time?"

The ball silently looked at the host with a sympathetic look. Now the male owner’s IQ is still on the base of 0. How can you expect him to do it?

Think about it this way, the host is really very poor, obviously Qichen is really like in some places and Chu Yan, but this person is in the heart of another female owner.

Sure enough, falling in love with a person who has no IQ at all, should be the host of IQ and EQ, the most unintelligible thing ever done?

While sympathizing with Su Shi, the ball couldn't help but want to laugh a little.

At eleven o'clock in the night, as in the original plot, the female host posted a microblog related to the matter. The rhetoric of the words can be described as earth-shaking, and the true meaning of the content is also completely unrecognizable.

This microblog was out. In less than ten minutes, Lu Manni’s Weibo has increased tens of thousands of fans. This Weibo has been commented on thousands of times and has been forwarded thousands of times.

At the same time, a large number of fans flocked to Qi Chen's Weibo, and asked questions about the matter, which directly led to the number of Weibo comments recently released by Qi Chen nearly doubled.

Just as the heat of this incident became more and more prosperous, and there was a tendency to continue to climb, Qi Chen suddenly became more open when it was close to the early morning.

Qi Chen V: I am honored to meet you and look forward to the next cooperation. 【image]

The map of this microblog is a photo of Qi Chen and Su Shi before the opponent's play. Both of them are dressed in costumes, sitting and standing, obviously the master servant, but the color is very warm.

When Qichen’s Weibo came out, everyone was bombed. Some were for the beauty of the goddess of the Pingping goddess. Some were discussing the “Hou Gongqu” that was being filmed. Some were asking the name of the big internal manager. Of course, more is still discussing the anecdote between Qi Chen and Lu Manni.

Wooo: For the first time, so close to the male god, hurry to help me like it! I want to be hot, I want to go to heaven!

The most loved male god: The male god is more arrogant at this time, how can I smell a scorn of the sentient beings?

I am Chen Xiao’s little cute: the 18-line female star who is also bound to the male god’s hype? see it? The male god is more bloggy, but there is no relationship with your half-money!

Pure passers-by: Chen powder as far as the words are so ugly? Qi Chen is just a more blog, and did not deny the relationship of love, and then, this matter is not proposed by people Lu Manni.

I am a fascinating stock: So can God answer this question positively? Is it not good to be a man?

Love you is not two or three years: upstairs eyes? The Great God is more blogtic at this time, and there is no mention of the scandal. Isn’t this already a good explanation? Some female stars who are shameless, and the water army she invited, can't stop talking about this?

It’s dark: Who is the water army, is it obvious that you are too much? The person who tells the story is not Lu Manni, even if she wants to marry her, can she not?

Hehehehehe: Yes, these powders are enough. People Lu Manni specially sent a microblog to clarify the relationship between themselves and Qi Chen. In this way, they can be defamed, and the cyber violence is really terrible.

I want to kiss Chen Chen: Hey, you are noble, don't go to my husband's microblogging, noisy, a pair of passers-by, but doing the water army, a few cents to come?

Apple Mango Juice: Anyway, I think Qi Chen and Lu Manni are quite good, I hope they can be together.

......

When Qi Chen's Weibo was updated, Su Shi received a reminder, but for a moment, he was a little afraid to see the other Weibo updated.

But what is he afraid of?

He has always wanted money and money, and he wants to have a face, a name, a name, a life, and something to fear.

Su Shi snorted and opened Qi Chen's Weibo in the dark, with a simple line of text and a simple photo.

Su Shi stared at the Weibo for a while, and suddenly chuckled and screamed the ball that had fallen into dormancy: "Just find an account and post it on the evidence of human operation, but don't directly Refer to Lu Manni's body. Then check Lu Manni's mobile phone communication record, send the corresponding record to the person who helped her to do things, and remind him to help him recognize the true face of Lu Manni."

"I know." Although it was suddenly awakened, but the ball did not have any getting up, it did not need to sleep itself. After a slight adjustment, it immediately began to work hard.

At this time, Lu Manni did not know that her plan was about to be revealed. She was also staring at Qi Chen’s Weibo.

"Why Qichen wants to send this Weibo at this time!" Lu Manni was so angry that her eyes were red.

According to her original plan, I hope that Qi Chen, after seeing her speech, can take the initiative to help her to speak, but she did not expect that Qi Chen did send Weibo, but the content was completely unrelated to this matter, but instead mentioned another person!

Just mad at her!





 However, this is not the most desperate for Lu Manni. Although Qi Chen’s Weibo is to some extent equal to beating her face, she can completely pretend to know nothing.

After all, her previous speech did not directly @ Qi Chen, can only be regarded as her personal unilateral clarification, no need for anyone to cooperate.

What really made her feel desperate was that, just less than ten minutes after Qichen posted Weibo, a long Weibo appeared on the Internet.

This long Weibo clearly pointed out that the "Baichen fell into love" before the gossip news is completely deliberate, and wants to use this hype, and detailed many of the water army accounts involved in this hype.

As soon as this Weibo came out, the network that had been quietly due to the arrival of the late night was once again bustling. Before the various waters and passers-by who supported Qichen and Lu Manni’s love were hit, they firmly believed that the incident The party that is simply hype begins to beat others' faces.

When Lu Manni saw this Weibo, the whole person was paralyzed. After confirming that she did not reveal any information related to her, she was forced to make a decision, but her heart was still very upset and angry.

She clearly arranged this thing very well, why things turned out to be like this!

Lu Manni shook her hand and turned off Weibo. She dialed the unsaved number again and played it three times in a row. The phone was finally connected. However, Lu Manni did not ask questions. The other party directly used a low and **** voice. : "Don't contact me anymore."

Lu Manni forced me for a few seconds before she came back. She suddenly became angry. Even the gentle and kind masks of the layer were forgotten to wear: "Li Hang, what do you mean by this? It’s been well said before, now things It’s like this, you actually said that you don’t want to contact again, can you help me before!

The opposite side of the phone was silent for a while, and when Lu Manni couldn’t help but continue to blame him, she suddenly heard a burst of laughter.

This laughter was a bit strange in the quiet late night. Lu Manni’s previous anger was also reduced, and her reason was gradually returned. She thought that she might have a lot of places to use this person in the future, and she adjusted her mood. Soft tone: "Li Hang, I just... I just got a little flustered by this thing, so I will talk to you like that. I didn't mean it. I hope you don't mind."

"Is it?" After laughing, Li Hang’s voice seemed to be more hoar. "A person who even keeps the mobile phone number for you, is it really worth hiding your true face, with a gentle face and a snake?" ?"

Lu Manni once again stunned. In this short day, she didn't know how many times she had been squatting. Things always exceeded her expectations again and again, and then brought her unbearable blows.

The opposite Li Hang’s voice continues: “In fact, maybe I think too much? Because from the beginning, when you are facing me, even the perfunctory is not, you are from beginning to end. Just using me, right?"

There was a moment of blankness in Lu Manni’s mind. She vaguely felt that something had become different from the original trajectory, but she was unable to pull them back.

This feeling of powerlessness made her flustered, but she had to find a way to stabilize Li Hang at the moment, so she could only resolutely settle her mind and use a delicate voice with a hint of grievance: "Li Hang, are you misunderstood?" What? I always treat you as a friend, I really never have..."

"Enough!" Li Hang's anger suddenly came, shocked Lu Manni's head and his ears hurt together. "Lu Manni, I already know, you really don't have to continue to force yourself to take the false to make people feel sick. The mask came to face me! For the first time, the first time we met, you didn’t happen to pass by. Before you appeared in front of me like an angel, you’ve been there for almost half an hour. !"

Lu Manni’s head creaked, and she wanted to ask a question and ask him how he knew this.

However, Lu Manni quickly found the answer. She thought of the identity of Li Hang. As a hacker, it is not difficult to call for monitoring during a specified time period.

Lu Manni felt ridiculous. She clearly planned everything, and she ignored the most important point!

"So everything is fake, you save me, help me, including the pure and kind look you put out, all this is fake! And I actually thought..." Li Hang's speech rate is very fast, When it came to this, it stopped abruptly, and then he laughed again, with a deep self-deprecation and bitterness. After a while, his laughter finally stopped and the tone became calm and slow. "Lu Manni, Your face really makes me feel sick!"

After saying this farewell word, Li Hangli hang up the phone.

Lu Manni listened to the phone for a while, and then finally recovered from the blank. Now even Li Hang has abandoned her. What should she do? !

After her rebirth, Lu Manni felt so stunned for the first time, she even began to doubt what it meant to be born again.

Rebirth, shouldn’t it mean that her life will be smooth and step by step?

Why did she meet these distracting problems in front of me? Why should everyone deliberately be against her!

The opposite Li Hang hangs up the phone and directly drags Lu Manni's number into the blacklist. Then he starts to use the information received as an entry point to track the other party's information.

"Host, the person I just sent the information seems to be trying to track my information," after the ball noticed Li Hang's move, he reported to Su Shi truthfully, and put a brush on his own. "But the host is assured that with the high-tech blessing of this system, he will never find any results."

Who knows the words of the ball just finished, Su Shi came up with a sentence: "Leave some traces for him, let him check it out."

"..." The ball feels that it has suffered 20,000 points of damage, and it is hopeless.

The feeling of not being able to hit the face was really sour and sour, and the ball was forced to create a little "mark" for himself.

With the cooperation of the system, Li Hang quickly locked the target and sent a message: "Who are you? Why help me?"

The ball reluctantly conveyed this to Su Shi. Su Shi answered very frankly: "Tell him, my name is Zhao Qingsong, the president of Zhao's entertainment. Our company needs talents like him, salary and welfare. Bao Jun is satisfied, can also work at home, let him seriously consider it."

The ball slammed for a moment, then instantly smashed up in the air: "Hosting adults, this person's skills and I are overlapping, I obviously do better than him, why do you have to go to him?"

If you don't let it succeed, it will be considered, and now you have to grab its rice bowl, what is it wrong?

Of course, the most concerned about the ball is actually why anyone who has an unknown source can get the promise of Su Shi’s “salary and welfare package is satisfied”, but he can only be bullied and exploited by the evil host. !

Su Shi coolly smashed the ball of the sprinkling, and spit out two words: "Shut up."

The sound of the ball suddenly came to an abrupt end. It was about to grievance and curl into the corner to draw a circle, but it was stopped by Su Shi: "Want to know why I would look at this person separately?"

The ball is very self-willed, directly ignoring Su Shi’s words, but it really can’t afford this courage, and can only twist and pinch the ground: “Well.”

"Nature is because of the hints in the original plot," Su Shi lay back on the bed, casually explaining, "In the original plot, Lu Manni was born after the rebirth, no matter what the aspect, there has never been any negative news, this is enough Explain that there is absolutely a top hacker level helper behind her. You are not aware of this as a system that provides the original storyline?"

Said, Su Shi also handed a contemptuous look to the ball.

The ball felt more hurt, but this time it decided not to silence anymore. It first filtered the original plot again, and then argued reasonfully: "But the reason why the woman is alive and well, may be because of the male owner. And the help of her other men, why do you have a hacker's master? And in the original story, but I have always mentioned such a existence, if that person is really a very special, and helped a lot of women The male match, there is always no story at all?"

Su Shi took a round of the ball and said: "If that person is very ugly?"

"..." The ball turned out to be speechless, and Yan Guan couldn’t afford it.

"Of course, it's not just because of this," Su Shi said, looking at the ball with a look of arrogance, smiling. "In fact, when the gossip information appeared, I checked the source of the information, and I also looked at it. Look at the looks of that person. How to say it, it’s a bit hard to say, if you are interested, you can go and see for yourself."

"..." After the ball was forced for two seconds, it finally reacted to himself. This is once again being played by the host!

Why is the host of other people's homes very soft and deceivable, and it is the black devil! Oh, I don’t feel like it anymore...

Su Shi did not have any self-blame for the ball, but instead smiled and added a knife: "Remember to convey the words that I have just told you, and convey them to each other."

The ball fell to the floor with a bang, and it felt like it was no longer able to fly freely.

Even so, after the ball was crying for a few minutes, it was still forced by the host to send the news to Li Hang.

Sure enough, even if the host abuses it thousands of times, it still chooses to wait for the host as a first love, and there is really not much system in the world like it.

After Li Hang received the information, the whole person was Sparta. He thought that the information sent to himself might be a hacker who had a hatred with Lu Manni, but did not expect the other party to be the president of Tang Tang Zhao's entertainment!

Zhao Qingsong’s name is what he heard. In the report, he is a successful commercialist. He is a handsome man. He is a young master. Now he suddenly knows that this person is just like himself. He is still a hacker. Li Hang’s heart Inexplicably raised a hint of excitement.

He even went with the president of Zhao Entertainment!

In order to celebrate this happy event and to show his determination, Li Hang turned around and found a recording of his call with Lu Manni, and released the recording. The recording recorded in detail how Lu Manni made him manufacture and Publish the process of her relationship with Qi Chen.

As soon as this recording appeared, I was always concerned about the fans and passers-by who went to this incident.

The wind is too big: my god! It turns out that Lu Manni is the person who directed this matter! What should I say now? What else can I say now? I just want to say, Lu Manni, you haven’t been a actor for a few days, and you are anxious to be a director, and you are not afraid of losing money!

Set circle: Lu Manni is determined to lose money this time, the male gods do not care about her, and now there is such a shocking material, it seems that the water army's money can not be recovered.

I feel like I am so cute: I am distressed by the water army who are doing things for Lu Manni. Can’t get a job and can’t eat?

My male god is handsome and handsome: Hey, I have long said that Lu Manni, this green tea is not worthy of my male god, this kind of woman, I don’t want to give my male god shoes in my life!

Hey, haha: It’s a late-night drama. It’s just a little too fast. I haven’t seen enough.

Don't talk: This is called self-satisfaction, can't live, Lu Manni stinks her reputation now? I really like it, I like it.

Everyone comes together: Distressed netizens who have been talking to Lu Manni, where is there no pain in your body? I can make up two more feet.

It’s really mad at me: I’m so mad at me, I decided to go to Lu Manni’s black powder, and who else is coming, everyone is happy!

......

Su Shi was lying on the bed and watching the hurricane on the Internet. She was a little unhappy and snorted. The reputation of the woman was stupid so quickly. It felt a little addictive.





 When Lu Manni learned about Li Hang’s actions, this incident had already been arguing on the Internet. She listened to the recording with a blank face and felt like she was dreaming.

But this nightmare, she obviously can't wake up.

Lu Manni tried to contact Li Hang in a hurry, but she couldn't contact her. Although she had already known Li Hang for a while, she didn't know where the other person lived. She didn't know where to go when she wanted to find someone. Can be anxious to dry back and forth in the room.

Li Hang that beast! Although he did use him, he never thought about harming him. Why should he treat himself like this!

There are also many netizens who have a lot of words on the Internet. What does this matter have to do with them? Why do they curse themselves with such vicious words? !

But even if Lu Manni was shocked, angry, hateful, and resentful, she had no idea at all. She was just reborn now, and she didn’t officially sign a contract with any entertainment company. Even the broker didn’t even think about it now. I don't know who to look for when I ask for help.

Is she really going to quit the entertainment circle? Has her acting career just started, and it really has to come to a close!

No, she will never allow this to happen!

Since I can return to my own life, I will go through a new life and become the focus of everyone’s attention. She must become a person!

Lu Manni clenched her fists, her eyes were desperate with crazy stubbornness and light, she must not admit defeat, because she will be the final winner!

This nearly morbid self-comfort made Lu Manni's confused thoughts finally pinned, and her thoughts turned around and eventually fell on Su Shi's body.

In Lu Manni's view, the performances of Su Shi before were inconsistent with their own memories, and apparently have similar experiences with themselves.

As a rebirth, Lu Manni actually rejected the opportunity for someone to regenerate like her, so in the past month or so, she did not take the initiative to contact Su Shi on the premise that Su Shi did not ask her again.

But the situation in front is obviously different. Her reputation is completely stinky overnight. If she can't find a backer that can help her equalize everything as soon as possible, her star road may be really over!

Lu Manni took a deep breath and shook her fingers to pick up the phone. She did not consider whether the current time was right or not. She directly dialed Su Shi’s mobile phone number.

At this time, Su Shi was thinking about the big things in life. The mobile phone suddenly sounded, and it was particularly awkward in the quiet room. He looked at the number, directly frowned, and shut down, throwing the phone aside.

But this voice is a good step for the ball. It has just been in the corner. It was originally intended to get the care of the host, so Su Shi completely ignored it.

While feeling depressed, the ball had to start thinking about ways to reconcile with Su Shi, although it was clear that this was its one-man show, and Su Shi did not put the episode just in mind.

The ball smashed over and squinted: "The time is so late, the host adult is not going to rest?"

"I am thinking about a very serious problem." Su Shi took a look at the ball with his arm.

The ball swayed and rounded up: "What is the problem? The host and I talked about it, maybe I can help?"

"What is the relationship between Qi Chen and Chu Yu Yan?" Su Shi said very well.

But the ball would rather not hear it because it really doesn't know the answer to this question.

"Or change the question, is Qi Chen and Chu Yuyan exactly the same person?" Su Shi slowly closed his eyes, and there seemed to be something hidden in the gentle voice. "They are not growing." The same, different identities, or even people in different worlds. But they have unique similarities. Is there any way to find the answer?"

Su Shi always feels that she is a decisive person, no matter what, as long as she can afford it.

He has always believed that his strength is enough to control everything, and nothing will go beyond his planning.

Even when he encountered Chu Xiaoyan in his mission and spent the whole life with him, he still thought so, but his thoughts were shaken after leaving.

Although he never said it, he rarely showed it, but Su Shi knew that he had been unconsciously remembering a certain time, missing someone, and his companionship.

Now, he meets another person, who is completely different in identity and different looks, but in some respects he is **** similar to the person he misses.

This made Su Shi can not help but think, what is the relationship between these two people? Will they be the same person?

Perhaps because it is two different worlds, this idea will become more likely, because Su Shi itself is such an example.

But what Su Shi wants is never "possible" or "similar". What he wants is a certain "yes".

If you can't find the exact answer to this question, Su Shi can't make any bets on Qi Chen, no matter how much similarities he has with Chu.

But no one can tell him the answer to this question.

For the first time in his life, Su Shi encountered a problem that made him embarrassed.

The ball was accompanied by his own host for a while, and the light on his body suddenly flashed: "Hosting adults, I thought of it!"

Su Shi, who had some sleepiness, was instantly awake by the shock of the ball. He raised his hand and rubbed his eyebrows. He wanted to throw this noisy system directly out of the window.

"Host adult, there is a kind of prop in the system mall called 'eye of the soul', as long as the "eye of the soul" is acquired and installed, you can penetrate the human body and directly see his soul," the ball is completely I noticed the idea of ​​my own host and continued to scream with excitement. "If Qi Chen and Chu Yu Yan are really the same person, even if their body and mind are different, the soul should be the same!"

Hearing here, Su Shi’s fingertips acted a moment. After a moment of silence, he directly opened the mall interface and found the corresponding props by searching for keywords.

The use and effect of the "Soul of the Soul" is exactly the same as that of the ball. It should be suitable for Su Shi who is worried about not being able to answer the doubts in his heart, but when he sees the price of "The Eye of the Soul", The expression suddenly cooled down.

"Does this kind of prop need 20,000 IQ points?" Su Shi's gaze swept like a knife on the ball.

Each time Su Shi completes a world's main task, he can get two thousand IQ points, so 20,000 points of IQ points are equivalent to completing a total of ten rewards for IQ.

When is that time, what is the use of this road? Keep going home for the New Year?

The ball is obviously only aware of this problem, and the light point of the whole body is not so cheerful: "That... because this kind of prop can also be used for gambling, reading, etc., the function is similar to the perspective eye. So the price will be so expensive. It's just that this kind of prop just meets the needs of the host adult, so I gave this advice if the host thinks..."

"I want to go home." Su Shi coldly interrupted the ball to explain the words.

"Hey?!" The ball was instant Sparta.

Su Shi glanced at the ball coldly and repeated the words: "I said, I want to go back to reality."

The ball that had come back to God was suddenly hit by this news, and even the light spots could not be flashed: "Hey, why do you suddenly want to return to the real world? I beg you not to be so capricious, is it not? You have the heart to leave me a system and continue to be helpless in these three thousand worlds..."

"Shut up." Su Shi snorted.

Although the ball still feels that it can't accept the reality of such cruelty and unreasonable troubles, it is actually used by Su Shi to oppress, and the conditional reflexes instantly scream.

Su Shi sat up from the bed and put on a rogue look: "Give me props, or let me go back to the real world."

After hearing this, the first reaction was not "very good, the host is just wanting props, not really going back to the real world. I can finally breathe a sigh of relief." "," but "I went, so the host of the Soviet bombing has even mastered the skill of sprinkling, it feels like it is a sour and dreamy!"

Host, you are so unreasonable to take care of people who will collapse!

"Do you want to give it? Don't give goodbye." Su Shi raised his eyebrows at the ball, and did not feel that he was destroying his image.

The ball turned a few laps in midair, only to save himself from the acidity, it just really got a million points of fright!

As a principled system, in this case, it should resolutely resist the host's rogue behavior. With such a thought, the ball only hesitated for two seconds, and directly compromised.

Ma Ma, really is not a principle of no family, it is really a reality and the host is too ferocious, and the family can not hold it! /(tot)/~~

"That..." The ball floated in the air and fluttered in the air. It felt that my heart and the rhythm had been broken into countless petals, and I couldn’t fight again. "In view of the host, this is the first time to buy props in the mall. I can give the host a ... discount, this is the bottom line, definitely not less! And ... and absolutely not for example!"

Two thousand points of IQ points, a discount is two thousand points of IQ points, this discount is obviously not free.

Su Shi nodded, and the corner of his mouth slowly evoked a smile of the Big Devil: "The deal."

The ball seems to have experienced life and death and falls straight to the ground, crying and crying: "Host the adults, have something to say later, please don't scare me any more."

Even without the organ of the heart, the ball can not withstand such stimulation.

"Good." Su Shi was happy to buy from the mall, the "eye of the soul" whose price has changed from 20000 IQ points to 2000 points.

Then the problem has come. Although Su Shi already has the "eye of the soul", Chu Yuyan is a person who exists only in the last world. How can he determine whether Qi Chen and Chu Yu Yan are the same person?





 Of course, this problem is hard to beat Su Shi. In fact, before he bought the "eye of the soul", he already thought of this problem and already had his own guess and plan.

As for the results, I can only wait until I meet Qi Chen.

After purchasing the good props, Su Shi’s IQ point was instantly cleared, and he went to sleep with peace of mind.

The next morning, Su Shi woke up to open the phone, and found that when he slept, Lu Manni even called him more than 20 calls, in addition to a text message from Li Hang.

"Zhao Zong, I will give more advice in the future." Li Hang chose to reply to Su Shi in this way, apparently also showing his hacking skills.

Su Shi just picked up his eyebrows and then deleted the text message. He just deleted the text message. He hadn't had time to put the phone down. Lu Manni's phone call had come in again.

I have to say that this woman is really persevering in this matter.

Su Shi chuckled and connected the phone: "Miss Lu is good morning."

Because of the online turmoil, Lu Manni didn't sleep all night, but she didn't have any worries. The whole person was like a tight string, and her mood was very tight, but she looked very fragile, as if she was gently moving. This string will break instantly.

Lu Manni did not think that the other party would be connected when she called Su Shi’s mobile phone. So when she heard Su Shi’s voice, Lu Manni had an unreal feeling.

But she quickly returned, with a hint of caution: "Zhao Zong, I did not bother you?"

I played more than 20 calls a night, and I came back early in the morning. I didn’t bother to blame.

Su Shi has a good temper: "Do you have anything?"

Lu Manni bit her lip. She is very scared about telling her identity as a rebir. Just as she can't tolerate Zhao Qingsong as a rebirth, she thinks that Zhao Qingsong may not accept this kind of existence.

This is also the reason why Lu Manni has not mentioned this matter with Su Shi, but now she is already dead end, even if she is afraid, there is no way out.

Lu Manni bit her teeth and said with a slap in the face: "General Zhao, I have something to tell you, it is about the secret between us."

After hearing this sentence, Su Shi smiled silently. Lu Manni actually regarded herself as the last life-saving straw. Should he boast of her innocence?

"Okay." Su Shi smiled and looked very good.

Lu Manni breathed a sigh of relief, but she quickly took a breath. Zhao Qingsong promised so quickly that she felt very uneasy.

"Since it is a secret that belongs to only two of us, of course, I have to talk about it. I think things will be very interesting." Su Shi continued to smile.

In this case, Lu Mani slammed a slap. She always felt that Su Shi’s words were full of chilling malice, but she also knew that she had no other choices at the moment and could only calmly smile: "That Zhao Let's take a moment, I can do it any time."

"It’s better to hit the sun than to hit the sun." Su Shi knocked on the table and immediately confirmed the time and place. "Tonight at 6 o'clock, still in the drunken moon."

"Well, I will definitely pass on time." Lu Manni gritted her teeth and promised to come down.

When the phone hangs up, the ball that has been scared by the host's laughter is not sure about it: "Host the adult, what do you see when the woman is doing this time? Is it going to kill the woman directly?"

"It's so smart." Su Shi raised an eyebrow.

"But you didn't say it before. If you kill the female lord at once, would it be boring?" The ball didn't understand the host's thoughts and changed. It was only a month.

Su Shi’s silence for a moment, like thinking of something interesting, the mouth slowly evoked a meaningful smile: “Because I have found something more interesting.”

The ball instantly grasped the meaning of Su Shi, and felt that he was ravaged.

"Do you know what Lu Manni wants to tell me at night?" After Su Xiao smiled, he said that he had returned to the previous topic.

I didn't know the ball before, but after spending a long time with the host, it became a little smarter: "Is Lu Manni trying to confess the identity of her rebirth? But she is really bold enough, she and the host. You are not familiar with it, and you are not afraid to make trouble for yourself?"

"She should be scared too? But is she not there any other way?" Su Shi took the pen and turned. "But if we help her think of a safer way, she will definitely change her mind." ”

"But why should we help her think about it?" The ball is getting less and less understanding of the host's ideas. Didn't he just say that he wants to completely kill the woman? This is clearly less than five minutes.

"Because I want her to die more thoroughly," Su Shi blinked innocently and did not explain much. He directly gave the ball another task with no lower limit. "Tune one from your knowledge base." The quick way to attack the male god must be very straightforward, and then find a suitable time to send it to her."

Lu Manni has just returned from a new life. She has experienced too few things. The operability in public opinion is not strong. There are not many old books that can be turned over. It is just this bundle of hype, which is not enough for her.

Although Su Shi can directly use her rights to block her, but always feels not enough, so he decided to set a trap for Lu Manni.

This kind of idea fully reflects Su Shi's bad taste, but it also makes the ball so eager to think of the table, it is the only one in the world [I am the protagonist to spread the IQ] system, why the host always let it do This kind of thing without a lower limit? This is simply overkill! (╯‵□')╯(┻━┻

However, even in the heart of the crazy table, the ball still had to follow the instructions of Su Shi, personally went to find a highly shameful Raiders, and sent it to Lu Manni in the form of comments.

Although I know that the comments on the Internet are all about cursing myself, Lu Manni can't help but go online and brush it over and over again. She is very scared now. She must find something for herself, otherwise she will be crazy!

It was at this time that several comments broke into her eyes.

Husband, what is it: In the end, Lu Manni herself does not live up to expectations. If she can marry a rich and powerful gold lord, how can she be wronged?

Plum blossom apricot blossom: Speaking lightly, do you think that the rich and powerful gold master can pick it up? Lu Manni is a little-known star, how can someone see her?

Vitamin K: Don't say it, I know that a 18-line little star has been on a high-level of Zhao's entertainment. People have lived a lot of time, and now they have officially debuted to start filming. It is said to be a big one. Make it.

Uncle loves me again: I know who you are talking about, isn't it just climbing on the bed? Really shameless!

Don't talk to your eyes: What happened to bed climbing? Do you think anyone can do this kind of thing? It’s just too naive. Now I want to climb the bed and have to look at the Raiders.

......

These comments are just a few of the many comments, not even connected, but Lu Manni saw it. What is more tangled is that she really felt heart.

The reason why she took the initiative to contact Zhao Qingsong was originally to get the shelter of the other party. At the same time, Lu Manni was also very clear that this incident would be self-defeating, but would make her die faster and worse.

If it is not really impossible, Lu Manni will definitely not spread the rebirth, but do not want to use it as a bargaining chip.

But even if he has decided to do so, Lu Manni will still be unable to control her fears and even struggle to hesitate and want to give up.

If there are other ways to save her, Lu Manni’s heart has been lingering with such thoughts, and now she seems to have found one.

Climbing the bed, the word for Lu Manni, was the existence that made her scorned, but now, she is so excited!

Lu Manni clung to her head in pain, and her voice was sore and painful. It sounded so painful that she had to make a choice, but it was too difficult, because this choice was about what kind of life she would go to in the future.

After constant decision, overthrow, struggle, and hesitation, Lu Manni chose the “crawling bed”, which she felt was squatting. At least it was relatively safe, and she believed that she had such charm.

Although notorious, Lu Manni never doubts her charm as a woman.

She constantly comforts herself. She does this just to prevent herself from falling into the dust. She is also forced to do so. This can be forgiven.

What's more, she and Zhao Qingsong are not married, one is not a beggar, it can be regarded as the need for each, how can they not be together?

Once the decision was made, things seemed to become a lot easier. Lu Manni wiped her tears and took a deep breath, and began to search how to show her charm in front of a man.

The "quick-fast" strategy that the ball is ready for has also entered Lu Manni's line of sight. Although it is not certain that Lu Manni will actually follow the Raiders, at least its task is completed.

"The host, the female host has already seen the Raiders," the ball reported to Su Shi in a tone of unrequited love, and could not help but complain. "Hosting adults, I am really just a pure and innocent system. Can you stop me from doing this kind of thing next time?"

"Can you count how much bad information is stored in your body?" Su Shi squinted at the ball and said, "Is this system so good to say that he is pure and innocent?"

"..." The ball actually felt a little speechless.

Su Shi regained his gaze and issued a new task to the ball: "Contact Qi Chen anonymously and inform him to go to the drunken moon at night to rape."

"Why should I contact Qi Chen anonymously? And he went there to catch something..." The ball was halfway through, and then it was reflected. The whole body suddenly flashed the colorful light of the gossip, and slammed, "The host is trying to make him Go there, catch someone's traitor?"





 At 5:30 in the afternoon, Su Shi left the company, arrived at the drunken moon on time at six o'clock, Lu Manni has been waiting in the private room, this time Su Shi ordered the dust moon pavilion.

After Su Shi sat down, he didn't look at Lu Manni. He first asked the ball: "Is Qi Chen coming?"

"Come on, just in the Magnolia Hall next door." The ball is a good answer.

This scene is very similar to the situation of the day.

Su Shi chuckled, and this was the installation of the "eye of the soul" that was bought at a discount. Although it was called such a name, the "eye of the soul" was not in the eyes, but in the head. of.

The use of the "eye of the soul" is not based on vision, but on consciousness.

After installing the props, Su Shi’s consciousness went straight to the next room. Only for a moment, Su Shi had found the answer.

Suddenly, Su Shi silently regained consciousness and unloaded the props. Although it is said that the "eye of the soul" is a host of many dreams, it can see people's hearts and help people get rich, but Su Shuang's skills are full. Su Shi does not need this thing for the time being.

He directly handed the "eye of the soul" into the backpack.

At this time, Su Shi’s gaze finally fell on Lu Manni’s body. He smiled slightly and looked at Lu Manni with deep thoughts: “Miss Lu is really beautiful today.”

"Zhao has won the prize." Lu Manni smiled reluctantly. In fact, she was not happy with this sentence. She didn't sleep last night, and she was still in anxiety. Now she is full of guilt and fear. There was a layer of dense cold sweat, and the whole person seemed to be awkward.

Su Shi glanced at the tea cup in front of her, and her eyes flashed a little: "Miss Lu has poured the tea well, it is intimate."

Lu Manni felt that her palms were getting wet. She slammed her hand on her clothes and picked up her own teacup: "Zhao always appreciates his face and sees me. Manny is really grateful. First, I will make a drink with tea. ""

Su Shi’s fingertips were clicked on the cup, and Lu Manni’s eyes followed, until Su Shi smiled and picked up the teacup, and Lu Manni quietly sighed.

"Ms. Lu said this, but it was too polite. Didn't you say that you want to tell me the secret of being a one of you and me? I have to come so interesting things." Su Shi said this, drink homeopathic The tea in the cup.

Lu Manni looked at Su Shi to drink the tea, but it became even more tense: "In short, I still want to thank Zhao for being willing to show his face."

Su Shi raised his eyebrows and put down the teacup: "Now that I have already arrived, can Miss Lu tell me this secret?"

Lu Manni carefully observed Su Shi's face, but her heart was a little relaxed, but it seemed to be more tense: "How is Zhao always so anxious? The dish will come up immediately, why don't we eat and talk?"

"Alright," Su Shi nodded and reached out and pulled his bow tie away. "Is the air conditioner in this room open? How do I feel a little hot?"

Lu Manni’s heart jumped and her face smiled even harder: “Maybe, I feel a bit hot.”

Su Shi nodded and didn't say anything more. In fact, he is now communicating with the system that has been fried.

"Host adult, you, you... Don't you know that the cup of tea has been added?!" The ball is crying, and its host should not be so stupid.

Su Shi’s reaction was very calm: “I know.”

The ball wants to cry more: "So how do you drink it!"

"Because Qi Chen is next door." Su Shi raised his eyebrows in an understatement.

"..." The ball turned out to be speechless, but not right. "Hosted, have you determined the relationship between Qi Chen and Chu Yu Yan? How are you sure?"

Chu Yu Yan Mingming is not in this world, even if the host is a day-to-day ability, it is impossible to run back to the world, to see a stern soul?

"This question..." Su Shi leaned back on the chair, and a pair of cold peach eyes flashed a glimpse of it. "Don't say it, I really feel a little hot now."

All the illuminating holes have been opened, and the ball that is ready to flash the rainbow light suddenly smashes, why its host will be so boring! Why is such a host biased by its home...

Still not waiting for the dish to come up, Su Shi has been hot to untie the two buttons on his shirt, and the eyes of the peach blossoms are uncontrollably flooded with a layer of water.

Lu Manni has been staring at Su Shi with Yu Guang. At this time, she saw that her medicine has obviously worked. She wiped her hand and leaned against Su Shi. “What happened to Zhao? Is it uncomfortable? ”

Su Shi looked at Lu Manni and looked at it without saying a word.

It was clear that there was only one piece of ecstasy in the eyes. Even the focus could not be done. Lu Manni felt that her back was cold. She slammed the fist and took the courage to catch Su Shi’s arm: "Since Zhao is uncomfortable Why don't I send you back first? Let's eat together again."

Su Shi’s eyes closed, and after a half-sound, he said, “Well.”

Lu Manni stood up like a big man, struggling to pull Su Shi, who seemed to be unconscious, from the chair, and put his arm around his neck, so he walked outside the room.

Who knows that just opened the door of the private room, the two were blocked by a tall figure, Lu Manni looked up hard and instantly squatted in place.

Who can tell her why Qichen will stand here? !

I thought that the reason why I fell into the present is related to this person. Lu Manni’s heart could not help but raise some resentment and at the same time panic, but she soon forced herself to calm down. She could not show any abnormality. Otherwise, all of this will fall short.

Lu Manni secretly took a deep breath and smashed the broken hair at the corner with the empty hand. At the same time, she revealed a smile that she thought was perfect. She was half jokingly: "It’s so good, this time I met again. Seniors. Just how the predecessors stood here, is it also the wrong room?"

Qi Chen’s gaze turned around in the back of the two men, and eventually fell on Su Shi’s face.

At this time, Su Shi was obviously unconscious. The peach blossom eyes that were stained with fog were half-squatting, but there was no focal length but it was unexpectedly hooked, with a blushing face and a thin lip that smiled and laughed. On the shirt under the looming clavicle, Qi Chen was angry at the same time, there was a reaction that should not be.

Qi Chen's throat rolled a bit, and he squinted his face: "What happened to him?"

Lu Manni’s back began to sweat outside again. She looked at Su Shi from the side and said with a soft tone: “Zhao is drunk, I am going to send him back. The seniors don’t care about us.”

"Give him to me." Qi Chen snorted, using the tone of the command.

He has always been gentle and courteous in front of outsiders. Only two experiences of ecstasy are due to the man who seduce him at the moment but does not know himself.

Lu Manni snorted, and the hands of Su Shi’s arm were subconsciously tightened: “I really don’t have to, and the predecessors must have other things to do, we will not delay the time of our predecessors.”

After that, Lu Manni had to carry Su Shi from Qi Chen, but she did not take two steps. Suddenly she felt that her shoulders were light and her hands were empty. When she turned back, she saw that Su Shi had been held by Qi Chen. In my arms.

Lu Manni controlled the flustered, frowning and asked: "Qi seniors, what are you doing?"

"I will send him home. Now, you can leave." Qi Chen held Su Shi’s waist in one hand and passed his arm under his arm. Su Shi’s head rested on Qi Chen’s shoulder. The two men are holding each other face to face, it seems so much love.

But Lu Manni couldn't take care of this at this time. She had ghosts in her heart. She didn't dare to continue to delay here. She couldn't really let Qi Chen take Zhao Qingsong away.

Why is everything going smoothly, but suddenly I am going to kill such a person halfway! Lu Manni was flustered and annoyed, and her eyes were black.

Qi Chen is much taller than her. She can't be **** the other side. She can only scream with a lot of mixed feelings, and put a little shyness on her face: "Qi seniors, I... I have an appointment with Zhao. Go to his house, so you see..."

"I see you are dreaming," Qichen's forehead's blue veins came out, and the expression on his face was cold and scary. "Lu Manni, Zhao Qingsong is not a person you can marry. Before you lie, it is best to Look in the mirror and see if you don't deserve it! You'd better roll it yourself, otherwise I don't mind helping you."

This is too straightforward. Lu Manni’s face was white and her lips were stunned. I almost fainted directly: “Qi seniors, I respect you as a predecessor in the circle, but you can’t humiliate me like this! I’m a hatchback with Zhao. Excuse me, why do you interfere with our affairs?"

"Because he is my person!" Qi Chenyi responded forcefully.

Lu Manni is completely paralyzed. What is the situation? Is there a problem with her ear, or is there an obstacle to understanding ability?

Su Shi, who was held in his arms by Qi Chen, couldn’t help but hook the corners of his mouth, twisted his buttocks and found a more comfortable posture.

This twist does not matter, but it is to make Qi Chen condense the fierce momentum of instant break, he reluctantly took a shot on Su Shi's butt, and squinted at Lu Manni: "If you just borrowed my bundle of hype, maybe you still have Stay alive, but you dare to hit his mind, Lu Manni, you can do it yourself."

After all, Qi Chen directly held Su Shi around Lu Manni, striding away from the drunk month Xuan.

Lu Manni stayed for a while before she came back. When she came back, she only felt cold in her hands and feet. Her back was already wet by cold sweat. She stepped back two steps and leaned against the cold wall to stand up. stable.

Since the rebirth, Lu Manni felt so cold for the first time, so scared, why did things become like this? This should not be like this. As a rebirth, she clearly has taken the lead, but why is this the result!

If Zhao Qingsong knows what she has just done, she is really finished!

Lu Manni licked her mouth and tears fell down in disappointment, but she did not dare to cry out. There was a waiter who passed through here and saw Lu Manni look like this. She did not dare to say anything more.

After nearly ten minutes, Lu Manni's emotions finally calmed down completely. She wiped her eyes with a paper towel and cleaned up her clothes and hair. Then she stepped on the hateful sky and gracefully left the drunken moon.

At this time, her eyes flashed only endless resentment and paranoia, Qi Chen dare to humiliate her, she will never let him better!

Qi Chen, don't you want to be with Zhao Qingsong? Then I will fulfill you, just see if you dare to go on!





 After Qi Chen left Sutra Yuexuan with Su Shi, he directly returned to his residence. Su Shi was twisting and twisting all the way. If it wasn't for Qi Chen, he would probably take off his clothes directly.

The ball was staring at the two people's show, and finally couldn't help but raise the torch: "Hosting adults, your acting is really good."

Su Shi continued to wiggle, and calmly returned to the ball: "After the prize, when you stage a limited-level plot, you should also consciously sleep."

"..." The ball has never seen such a brazen host. It has been mad at the beginning of the red light. It is really shameless, the world is invincible, in order to prevent it from being garbled by its own host, the ball is very wise to sleep directly. It is.

When he arrived at the place, Qi Chen took Su Shi out of the car half-shouldered, and even after entering the house, he brought the person directly into the bedroom.

Qi Chen gently put Su Shi on the wide and soft bed, looking down at the bed, but his eyes were deep and dangerous. Su Shi was trying to keep twisting in bed, and he listened to Qi Chen’s hoarse voice: Yet?"

Su Shi’s action was a meal, then he slowly raised his head and blinked at Qichen’s innocent eyes: “I’m really uncomfortable.”

Because of the efficacy of the drug, Su Shi has followed the fire, but his perseverance is amazing, in order to remain awake.

At this time, Su Shi’s face was already a blush, and a pair of peach eyes were full of mist. Just a glimpse, as if the crystal tears would fall. Qi Chen looked at this Su Shi and only felt somewhere on his body. More uncomfortable.

Qi Chen leaned down and slowly approached Su Shi. The whole body was almost pressed against the other side. The faces of the two were close together. Qi Chen could clearly feel the heat ejected from Su Shi’s breath and was hot.

"You are deliberate." Qi Chen looked directly at Su Shi, and his eyes were deep.

Su Shi blinked again and did not speak.

"The person who contacted me before to go to the drunk month is you." Qi Chen continued to make a statement in a hoarse voice.

Su Shi also continued to remain silent. To be honest, Lu Manni’s medicine was really fierce, and even he could not hold on.

Qi Chen quietly for a moment, suddenly reached out and stroked on the tip of Su Shi’s sweaty nose: "You are a bad thing."

For a moment, Su Shi felt that Qichen’s person had collapsed, but in this case, if it collapsed, it would collapse, and he could actually collapse.

Su Shi wrinkled his nose and lifted his legs around Qi Chen’s waist: "I still feel very uncomfortable, can you help me?"

They all said that Xiaosheng won the wedding, and although Su Shi and Qi Chen were not too long, they crossed the two worlds. Naturally, honey is indispensable.

But Qi Chen is different from Su Shi. He knows that Su Shi is the person he is waiting for, but he does not know what Su Shi thinks about him. He is not a gentleman, but he does not want to be self-sufficient until he determines his own intentions. And hurt Su Shi.

This incident is actually very easy to ask, but in this situation, Qi Chen actually hesitated and feared.

"Do you not like me?" Su Shi's feet smashed on Qi Chen's waist, very untrue.

Qi Chen took a breath, reached out and grabbed his two feet, and pulled it to the side. He found that Su Shi was hot and his feet were very cold, and he could not help but wrap the feet of Su Shi with his palm. .

Su Shi lie on the bed, holding a water-like scorpion like a smile and screaming at Qi Chen, and sighed again and again: "You obviously like me."

Qi Chen’s heart beats with the rhythm of Su Shi’s eyes. After another, he almost jumped out: “I like you, but do you like me?”

Both of them are stretched at this time. Qi Chen has to say love in this situation. Su Shi actually wants to refuse, but this is the person he loves. Although his appearance is different, his identity is different, but the soul is still The same, and most importantly, they are all great.

Su Shi stretched out his arm and slowly hooked Qichen's neck, and further pulled in the distance between the two until the lips touched, and then Su Shi slowly said: "I like you, I love you." ”

Qi Chen only felt that there was a dazzling white light flashing through his mind. At the same time, a string called reason was completely broken. He looked at Su Shi deeply, and finally he no longer hesitated and leaned down and kissed.

When Su Shi woke up the next day, her backache was sore, but her mood was very pleasant, because Qi Chen was lying sideways to help him with his sore waist.

Su Shi took his eyes and enjoyed this long-awaited service. It felt like he had returned to the last world and Chu was tight, but after thinking about it, these two are the same person.

Qi Chen looked at Su Shi with tenderness and tenderness. He saw that he was completely awake. He first went to discuss a good morning kiss: "Good morning."

Su Shi yawned: "Good morning, dear."

The words "Dear" made Qi Chen gaze, and he finally got the courage to ask the concerns that are still difficult to resolve: "Asong, do you really like me?"

Su Shi first turned a blind eye to his new name. In the last world, he called him "Azhen". The world Qichen called him "Asong". It is really a unified style, but I don’t know that the next world will change. What is it.

Then he looked at the pretense and calmed down. In fact, Qi Chen, who was heartbroken, asked: "Do you think that I am the kind of person who can do this kind of thing by looking for someone?"

"But you were taken medicine last night, and," Qi Chen is not a lack of self-confidence, but in front of people who care too much, he still feels lack of confidence. "When I met, I seem to still I hate me very much."

Because at that time, I still didn't know that you were my lover. Su Shi answered this in his heart, but obviously he couldn't say it directly. He scraped it together in Qi Chen's arms and moved Qi Chen's hand to a position and let him Continue to massage, this slowly replied: "This month, I will dream every night, every night is a different dream, but the people who accompany me are the same. I dreamed that the person walked with me all the time. Around the world, we have seen the reddest maple leaf together, drank the sweet spring water, piled up the biggest snowman, and saw the most beautiful starry sky... guess who is that person?"

Qi Chen’s eyes were tightly locked on Su Shi’s body, and the hand that helped him massage became a waist-lifting posture. He slowly opened his mouth and his voice was too light: “That man... is it me?”

"Of course, that person is you," Su Shi smiled and pinched on Qi Chen's nose. "Because of this, I fell in love with you. Are you satisfied with this answer?"

Qi Chen was of course satisfied, and very satisfied. His eyes were bright, and he proved to Su Shi in a very friendly way how satisfied he was. Su Shi felt dissatisfied because his waist was more painful.

When the two finally got up from the bed, it was already close to noon. Qi Chenxian Huidi washed the hand for Su Shi, and Su Shi was happy to enjoy it.

At the dinner table, the two men who had officially confirmed the relationship finally talked about business after a slap in the face.

"Lu Manni has been dead, but the more she is, the more she must be careful when she jumps over the wall. You should be careful in these days." I thought that I had said that I had said before Lu Manni the night before, but Qi Chen did not regret it, but it was inevitable that she would worry about her lover. affected.

Su Shi bite a Xiaolongbao and smiled: "Reassure, her body is too short, and she can't jump the wall."

"I guess, she will make a fuss about my sexuality, and this will inevitably involve you." Qi Chen gave Su Wei a different style of dumplings, but his eyebrows wrinkled slightly.

Su Shi smiled and said: "Is it with me, is it so shameful? Look at your reluctance."

"Nature is not, can be with you, I am fortunate in my life, but this will inevitably affect your career, this is not what I want to see." Qi Chenzheng denied.

Su Shi swallowed Xiaolongbao and asked: "Your career will definitely be affected?"

"My career is not as important as yours." Qi Chen did not want to answer, and it was obviously a matter of heart.

This made Sue a funny smile. He was really happy: "As your lover, do you have no confidence in me? I am the president of Zhao’s entertainment."

Qi Chen did not speak, but he had previously investigated the situation of Zhao’s entertainment. Zhao’s 38% of the shares were held in Zhao Yuan’s hands, while Su Shi’s hands only had 22% of the shares, and the remaining 40% were scattered. In the hands of shareholders of all sizes.

If you want to control absolute rights, you must become the major shareholder of Zhao's entertainment. It is obviously impossible to take the shares that Su Shi now holds. At least it seems impossible in the short term.

"So what are you going to do?" Although Qichen is not very familiar with each other, Qichen instinctively knows that his lover is by no means incompetent.

"Zhao Yuan has been in charge of Zhao's entertainment for many years. It is time to leave," Su Shi leaned back on the chair. He wanted to put on a chic posture, but he happened to encounter something that couldn't be said. He couldn't help but hold down. Taking a breath, "The next owner of Zhao's entertainment is me."

Su Shi wanted to keep the father and son tossing for a few years. After all, life can't be too boring, but now that he has recovered his lover, these supporting roles can also be withdrawn.

Qi Chen was busy coming over to Su Shi’s waist, with a dim sum on his face: “Is it still hurting?”

"If you want to know the answer, you can try it yourself." Su Shi gave Qi Chen a knife, although he also enjoyed it, but Qi Chen was too angry last night. "First talk about business, this matter. I can handle it well, you will continue to play your play with peace of mind, and be your national god."

Qi Chen touched his nose and became more guilty: "I must pay attention next time, although my current network is not wide enough, but if there is anything I can do on this matter, I must tell me."

Hearing, Su Shi’s lips smiled. The past lover was the overbearing president. He sheltered him from the wind and rain for a lifetime. This time, it’s also his turn to shelter the lover from the wind and rain.

Su·Overbearing President·shi smirked, stretched out his finger and hooked Qichen’s chin: “Want to play a movie, tell me directly, I will help you arrange it.”

"I want to play with your opponent." Qi Chen said the love story.

Su Shi smiled even more happily: "Reassured, such an opportunity is indispensable." He will continue to do the task, although the current Qi Chen looks very normal IQ.

Qi Chen also happened to think of the cooperation between the two men. While continuing to help Su Shi, he smiled and asked: "Asong, when we first met, the person with the IQ that you mentioned was zero. Who is it?"

Su Shi nodded without hesitation: "It is you, the fool with zero IQ."





 When Qi Chen heard this, he was not very happy. His IQ was very high. How did he get into the love population and become a fool with zero IQ?

But before he even expressed dissatisfaction, Su Shi has continued: "But I just like such a fool, what do you say?"

After that, Su Shi also very innocently bowed his eyes to Qi Chen.

Qi Chen had not had time to rise and the anger suddenly slammed. He sighed, what can he do? What does the lover say? What is it?

When they used breakfast, they had to be busy. Before they separated, Qi Chen asked Su Shi quite uncertainly: "We are already lovers now, right? You will not suddenly disappear again?"

"Yes, we will be together for a lifetime," although Qi Chen is very much like setting up a Flag for himself, but Su Shi still gently answered this question, "and more than this life, we will be together in the next life."

Qi Chen looked at Su Shi intently, and after a long while, suddenly sighed: "I really want to hide you, so you only belong to me, so I don't have to be so scared."

Su Shi is speechless. Even in the last life, even when they finally passed away, the two of them were converted together. How suddenly did the lover have such a large possessiveness?

In desperation, Su Shi had to raise his hand and lick the head of his lover. He said, "Oh, even if you don't hide me, I only belong to you. When you think about me, you can always play." My private call."

"Remember to miss me." Qi Chen bowed his head and stole a kiss on Su Shi's lips, and he reluctantly said goodbye.

Sitting in the car, Su Shi wakes up the still dormant ball, and has not waited for it to come back. He directly issued a task: "Stare at Lu Manni, don't let her leak the information that should not be leaked. ""

"Received!" The ball was ordered, and then began to circle around Su Shi. The flashing light on his body was pink. "Hosting adults, how do you feel now?"

Su Shi had a sour waist and looked up at the ball: "If you don't want to be "played" by me for the third time, it is best to shut up."

The ball slammed into a slam, and it snorted in an instant, and even the light did not flash.

But after a while, it couldn't help but open it, because this problem really bothered it: "Hosting adults, how do you know that Qi Chen and Chu Yan Yan are the same person?"

Su Shi looked at the ball with a look of idiots, and scorned it: "Is your IQ and the man of the same class? Can't think of such a simple question."

The ball felt an arrow in the knee that didn't exist. It hurts, but it still insisted on it: "But Chu Yanyan was originally a role in the last world mission. It is impossible for the host to return to the previous one. The world cannot bring him to..."

Having said that, the IQ of the ball has finally barely been on the line, grabbing the key piece from a bunch of disordered data: "Is it... the world's debris?!"

The world's debris is the only thing that has been brought into the second mission world by Su Shi, except himself.

"The answer is correct," Su Shi slowly evoked the corner of his mouth and retelled the message about the world's debris in the mission points. "World debris cannot be consumed, can't be discarded, can't be transferred to others, please keep it safe. If the world is really fragmented As you said, just something like a reward medal, how can such a description appear? As a starting point, and then contact the similarities between Qi Chen and Chu Yuyan, the answer is naturally self-evident."

The ball looked at the handsome host with a little scornful face. The first time I realized how high the IQ of my own host was, but it didn’t feel proud at all, but was even more afraid. do!

High IQ + bad taste, the ball feels that it may be a long time!

In this way, the whole body of the ball can not help but cast a deep shadow, but Su Shi has to continue to attack it: "As the mission system of [I spread the IQ of the protagonist], you have no knowledge of the existence of the world debris. So, should I sympathize with you, or should I ridicule you mercilessly?"

The ball floated silently into the corner, and it is now suspected of being alive. Please don't bother it.

Su Shigang had to continue to hurt the ball, but the phone rang at this moment, looking down at the number, Su Shi could not help but rolled his eyes: "Hey."

"Dear, I miss you." Qi Chen's low voice came out of the phone, and the voice seemed to be a little wronged.

Su Shi smiled back and said: "We have just been separated for less than ten minutes."

"But you said that if I miss you, I can call you at any time." Qi Chen’s voice was wronged.

Su Shi suddenly felt a little itchy, and having such a sticky lover is also a very troublesome thing: "I am not talking to you now?"

Qi Chen paused and continued to pity: "Can I go to find you tonight?"

Su Shi’s eyebrows are twitching. He feels his waist and some unspeakable places seem to be more painful, so there is only one answer to this question: “No!”

Although it was a pity that I could not succeed in my own welfare, but I heard the voice of my lover has become a bit angry and angry, Qi Chen is very wise to choose to meet and accept: "Well, remember to think about me, no matter when. ”

"I will!" Su Shi hangs up the phone with her teeth.

I have been eavesdropping on the ball that Su Shi said on the phone. Although the mood is still extremely complicated, at least I found a little comfort. People who are so enchanting and so boring as the host can actually encounter the nemesis. It is very gratifying to think about it.

When Su Shi arrived at the company, he was found by Liu Tianyuan: "President, just Zhang Jian called and wanted to ask you about the female third."

The actor broke the scandal when filming. Although it can play a certain role in speculation, it will also bring a series of negative effects. In particular, Lu Manni’s role is only female, but there are quite a lot of plays in the drama.

Of course, the most important reason why Zhang Jin chose to take the initiative to mention this matter is that Su Shi, Su Shi and Lu Manni have had an unpleasant situation.

And Zhao's entertainment is the main investor of this drama, and it is always clear that Zhang Jin has always been very good at making money.

However, in the face of this problem, Su Shi just waved his hand in an understatement: "Isn't the female No. 3 movie changed already changed? Nothing needs to be changed."

Liu Tianyuan is obviously very surprised by this answer. The style of his own president has changed too much, sometimes he is careless, and sometimes he is generous. He has completely confused the other party's thoughts.

But since the president has already said this, he passed the message according to this meaning: "I know, I will convey the meaning of the president to Zhang."

Su Shi smiled and nodded, but in fact, he was not so generous. Since Lu Manni dared to offend him, the outcome was naturally doomed.

The reason why he did not delete Lu Manni's play, or directly asked for a substitution, was to make Lu Manni's end more miserable.

Lu Manni could not ruin the entire "Harem of the Harem", but "Harem of the Harem" can make the audience even more hate Lu Manni.

A person who has a bad character in reality is also disgusting on TV. This will soon become a very accurate evaluation of Lu Manni, and also a powerful weapon that will cause a double blow to her.

It is not terrible for an actor to play the opposite character, but when this person is also a negative character in reality, the character who recruits him is not only disgusted with the plot characters.

In this way, Lu Manni even wants to win the fans' sympathy, I am afraid that there is nothing to do. After she made such a scandal, the crew did not directly open her. Such a big grace can be said to be completely correct, so In the end, I made myself like a street mouse, and everyone can only blame herself for making it too.

"Is there anything else?" Su Shi saw Liu Tianyuan still standing there and asked an eyebrow.

Liu Tianyuan pointed to a small script that had just been put on the table: "President, this is some of the new scripts that I have recently selected. The types are quite complete. If the president is interested in continuing to film, he can choose one."

Before Liu Tianyuan thought that his own president really wanted to enter the entertainment circle, but when he saw the president do everything possible to add a role to himself, but in the end it was just after running the dragon, so the innocent thoughts faded.

The idea of ​​the rich man still does not understand, Liu Tianyuan thought with a little hatred.

He said that Su Shi just waved his hand and said carelessly: "You don't have to pick it. You can help me to see what Qi Chen is going to shoot next. When I help me arrange a role in it, I want to be the same as last time."

Liu Tianyuan stunned at his own president. There was a sudden discovery of the secret of a certain secret. If the last thing can be understood as the fact that his own president is only entitled to be willful, then this time, it is obviously intentional.

Liu Tianyuan manually searched for a moment in his mind. Before his own president, he should have never touched Qichen completely. As a result, this matter is worthy of gossip.

And I don't know why, after hearing the words of my own president, the first word in Liu Tianyuan's mind turned out to be "the husband and wife."

Thinking of this, Liu Tianyuan couldn't help but take a nap. He was scared by his own thoughts.

"How? Is there any problem?" Su Shi saw Liu Tianyuan's look of fright, and frowned slightly.

Liu Tianyuan shook his head again and again. He didn't dare to say his own thoughts, otherwise he would die very badly: "No, I will arrange this thing well."

"If there is no problem, let it go." Su Shi just took a look at Liu Tianyuan and bowed his head to continue processing the documents.

When Liu Tianyuan left with a sigh of relief, the ball immediately came over: "The host, the female host has already moved."





 Su Shi raised her eyebrows. It seems that the action of the woman is quite fast: "What did she do?"

"She used an anonymous form to cast the male lord's ... homosexuality to the entertainment media of all sizes. The content was written too much. Do I need to stop this content?" Although the ball has been abused by Su Shi, the heart It is very sad, but at a crucial moment, she still understands that she is unanimous. The female lord dares to attack the idea of ​​a man who is a host. Isn’t that looking for death?

Just as the ball was ready for a big fight, he listened to Su Shi slowly and said: "You don't have to stop, just modify the content, and replace all the names of Qi Chen with me. If there is media, don't dare If you report, you can help them."

"Hosting adults, if you want to come out, you don't have to choose this time. Why can't you think so?" The ball slammed in the air, almost fell to the ground, and turned a few laps to stabilize the figure.

Su Shi took a look at the ball and underestimated the authenticity: "Reassured, I haven't had a self-abuse for the time being. I just intend to unplug Zhao Yuan's wings. Zhao's entertainment should also be officially changed."

The ball still can't keep up with the logic of its own host: "You are sure to do this, not to send your handle to Zhao Yuan's hand, so that he can sweep you out?"

After saying this, the ball has some regrets, and some of them trembled and looked at Su Shi, for fear that he would be angry, or "play" with poor self.

Su Shi didn't care about this. He only smirked and said with a slight squint: "Look at it, who is going to sweep the floor?"

The ball didn't dare to talk any more, but before performing the task, he couldn't help but confirm the question: "Hosting adults, do you really decide to do this?"

"Does this need me to do it myself?" Su Shi cold eyes smashed the ball after grinding.

The ball immediately led the life. According to Su Shi’s request, the name of the protagonist in the anonymous report was changed. Although the ball still feels a little uneasy, but with the host’s IQ and emotional intelligence, there should be no problem with this matter.

After finishing this, the ball couldn't help but ask another question: "The host, I have found and saved the video when Lu Manni bought the medicine. Do I need to send it now?"

"No, don't wait until the "Harem of the Harem" is released, it is the last contribution she made for the crew." Su Shi waved his hand, the same thing, choose the right time to do it, often Do more with less. "You still keep staring at her during this time, don't let her have a chance to continue."

The ball mourned for Lu Manni for three seconds, and it left the matter behind, and continued to worry about the host rushing out of the cabinet.

Lu Manni's netting range is very wide. Almost all of the entertainment media that can be found have been voted for. After doing this, Lu Manni began to wait for the results.

About an hour later, one of the small media took the lead in the movement. Lu Manni’s eyes were bright and the content of this small media was updated. The evil in her eyes could be turned into substance.

Qi Chen, are you not a so-called national male god? After I look at this, who else will treat you as a male god!

Since you are not willing to give me a way to live, don't blame me for pulling you to hell!

But looking at it, Lu Manni discovered that something was wrong. The content of her previous submission was aimed at Qi Chen. How did she get here, but she became Zhao Qingsong, the president of Zhao Entertainment?

However, apart from the different reporting objects, the rest of this entertainment report is exactly the same as that written by myself. This makes Lu Manni stunned for a moment. After she finished writing it, she checked it several times, and this kind of low-level error is impossible. what is the problem!

After that, several entertainment media reported this incident, but every report had the same problem. The content was actually written by Lu Manni, but the target of the report became Zhao Qingsong.

Looking at these reports one by one, Lu Manni was so angry that she wanted to smash the wall, but she could not directly rush to ask the entertainment media what was wrong, only one person could be alive.

Su Shi is the president of Zhao's entertainment. Although he has already entered the entertainment circle with one foot, it is still the former identity that is more eye-catching. Therefore, in less than half a day, almost everyone in the business community knows this. .

And this obviously includes Su Shi’s nominal father in the world, Zhao Yuan.

Of course, this also includes Su Shi’s last world and the common lover of the world, Qi Chen.

When seeing the phone call from Qi Chen, Su Shi felt that when she was inexplicably guilty, she felt that somewhere began to subconsciously hurt. I really didn’t want to pick up the phone. Su Shi silently sighed, but for his own sake. Considering the body, Su Shi still connected the phone.

As soon as the phone was connected, Qi Chen’s low and gentle voice came over: “Baby, do you have anything to say to me?”

Such a voice made Su Shi inexplicably shudder, because Qi Chen was such a name and tone when he was in bed. Su Shi raised his hand and wiped his face. For the first time, he felt like he had no interest: "I do have one. I want to tell you that you should have seen the reports. In fact, those reports were originally written by Lu Manni for you. It is that I made people turn the protagonist into me."

"And then?" Qi Chen's voice was more gentle, and Su Shi was even more guilty.

"The reason why I will do this is not because of the so-called "I am for you", "I want to take care of everything for you" and so on. I am absolutely rational, and this is for you and me. It is very beneficial," Su Shi still felt a little guilty, but he tried to make his voice seem calm. "I know the environment I am in now. Although Zhao Yuan is my father, he always cares only Zhao Qinglian." The illegitimate child, instead of continuing to wait, it is better to take the things you want directly.

It is only a means to release the cabinet in this form. I want to take advantage of the stock price of Zhao’s entertainment and force some small shareholders to sell the shares in hand to supplement my shares. Of course, with my ability, I can completely acquire shares in other ways. I will indeed act together with other methods. But this way has a great effect. It can make Zhao Yuan move some thoughts that should not be moved. Start with me, so that I can justify his rights. ”

Although all of this is Su Shi's plan, but even so, he has to let himself stand on the commanding heights of morality, so that it seems cool.

Su Shi said this afterwards and felt that she had explained it very clearly, but Qi Chen at the other end of the phone was still silent, still angry, or thinking?

Su Shi waited for a moment before he heard Qi Chen open: "Is there anything else I have to say to me?"

Didn't you say that already said? However, this can not be said indiscriminately. Su Shi thought about it and added: "You can rest assured that I am self-disciplined and will not cause any trouble for myself."

“Nothing else?” Qi Chen asked again.

This Xia Rao is a Su Shi with sufficient IQ, and some people can't guess what Qi Chen wants to hear.

Qi Chen couldn't help but sigh and throw another question: "Do you know what I am busy with this month?"

"Don't you be busy filming?" Su Shi thought without answering.

Qi Chen suddenly felt that it was itchy. He wanted to pull Su Shi to the bed to gossing, but his mood was inexplicably better. He couldn’t help but chuckle, and the tone became easier: "I and The family came out."

This sentence came too suddenly, Su Shi had some reactions in a moment, but Qi Chen had already come out with his family? And when they are not together?

At this moment, Su Shi’s thoughts flashed in the eyes of Qi Chen when he put the key into the scorpion. Lonely and dull, like the sea is deep, but it reveals the dazzling light that must be obtained.

"At first they didn't agree, because they thought that I should have a wife and a child, and live a normal life, but I don't feel like you have something wrong with your own. Even I think that only this kind of person can be called. It’s complete,” Qi Chen described the incident in an understatement, as if he was talking about a trivial thing. “Then they couldn’t get through me and chose to accept it.”

Su Shi held the mobile phone, and the eyes of the blind man were inexplicably tightened. They had to admit that Qi Chen’s words touched him and he was also moved.

"In fact, I didn't intend to tell you about this before. After all, this is just my decision. It has nothing to do with you. I don't need to be moved by it, or create any burden, just like," Qi Chen paused for a moment. After that, continue to say slowly with a gentle voice. "You choose to turn the message for me into your own, and even make a series of plans. This is your choice."

Su Shi listened to Qi Chen without any complaints, and slowly frowned. He seemed to know where the problem lies: "Qi Chen, I..."

"Baby, listen to me first, okay?" Qi Chen softly interrupted Su Shi's words. Some words must be finished once and only have an effect.

Su Shi licked his lips and didn't talk.

"But now I have changed my mind. I choose to tell you this, let you know, I am coming out to your family for you. I am always looking forward to coming with you and ready to accept any test." Chen took a deep breath and seemed to have something extra in his voice. "These still don't need you to be moved or burdened, but I hope you know this, nothing more."

Some pay, not to show any feelings, just because I did, so I hope you know that I have done this.

Su Shi leaned back on the back of the chair, slightly tilting his head, and the corner of his mouth slowly raised a pleasant arc. This kind of love sounds very good.

After a moment, Qi Chen continued with a hint of sincerity: "At the same time, what you do, related to me, or irrelevant, I want to know, nothing else, just because I love you."

Su Shi covered his eyes with the empty hand, and the curvature of the corner of his mouth continued to expand. In the end, he couldn’t help but laugh. It was a kind of low smile with joy, guilt, and sexy: "If you May my lover, I am willing to satisfy your wish."

"Baby, you are so good." At the end of the phone, Qi Chen also smiled.

The system blinked silently on the side. When the two people said how to talk about the right thing, they started to flirt. I just can't see it!





 The misunderstanding was lifted, the grace show was over, and the ball was almost killed. It is true that the single dog has no authority.

After hang up the phone, Su Shi was refreshed, and the ball that was flashing with a pink light spot smacked and waved: "Staring at the stock of Zhao's entertainment, someone sells it, buy it at a low price, my goal. Is getting at least 29% of the shares."

Su Shi now holds 22% of the shares, and only to get at least 29% of the shares, can become the controlling shareholder of Zhao's entertainment, with absolute rights.

22%+29%=51%, this is a very simple and rude arithmetic problem.

The ball smashed the pink that was smothered, wrote down the task, and asked: "If the shares sold are not enough 29%?"

Although the news of Su Shi’s coming out will have a big impact on the stock of Zhao’s entertainment, not everyone will choose to sell shares at this time. Now the shares of Su Shi and Zhao Yuan’s hands add up to 60%. The remaining scattered in the hands of others is only 40%.

According to Su Shi, at least three-quarters of all the remaining shares must be purchased to meet the requirements. This is not difficult.

"If it's not enough, can the handles I found before come in handy?" Su Shi smirked and sneered at the ball, "I can't even think of this." Is it too stupid?"

The ball cried, he just didn't have such a hostile taste and abdomen black? This is obviously an advantage!

But in the next moment, the kind and innocent and pure ball will decisively abandon these advantages and open the way for the pit people: "I know, to ensure the completion of the mission!"

"Give you three days, within three days, get at least 29% of Zhao's entertainment," Su Shi erected three fingers and placed a deadline. "In addition, don't touch Lin Yan's shares, I want to keep it." He looks at the excitement."

Say, Su Shi’s mouth evokes a familiar smile with a bad taste. The ball looks straight and cold, and his heart mourns for Lin Yan for three seconds.

As a competent source of Zhao Yuan, Lin Yan holds a 5% stake in Zhao's entertainment. This figure looks small, but it is already a great interest in Zhao's entertainment.

One person and one system just deployed on this matter, and Su Shi’s office phone rang in a timely manner. Su Shi looked at the number and patiently listened to the phone and rang eight times.

This is a phone call from Zhao Yuan, and Su Shi’s move fully reflects how stupid he is and how much he avenges.

As soon as the phone was connected, a roar of silence came out: "Zhao Qingsong, what happened on the Internet, you explained it to me!"

Su Shi drastically moved the handset from the beginning, and when Zhao Yuan’s roar was over, he moved to the ear and replied briefly: “Father, this is true, your son. I am indeed a homosexual."

After that, Su Shi moved the receiver a little further.

Probably not completely expected that Su Shi would directly admit that the opposite side was silent for a few seconds, and then re-transmitted Zhao Yuan's full-fledged roar: "You are not filial, how can you ... you know this It's just a metamorphosis! You just want to mad at me!"

Su Shi’s sense of Zhao Yuan’s sense is very poor. He simply doesn’t want to continue listening to the other’s Hedong Griffin. He simply said: “No matter what the father thinks about this matter, but what to do, please wait until three days. Three days later. I will hold a company shareholder meeting and make a conclusion on this matter."

After that, Su Shi did not give Zhao Yuan a chance to continue his work, and hung up the phone directly.

Afterwards, no matter who asked this question, Su Shi put on a high-cold look, completely ignored, and the three-day time was quickly spent in the winds of the outside world.

According to the previous regulations of Zhao's entertainment, only shareholders who hold more than 3% of the shares are eligible to participate in the general meeting. At the general meeting, any decision is based on the final cumulative number of shares, and the minority is subject to the majority.

In order to participate in this general meeting of shareholders, Zhao Yuan, who has not appeared in the company for a while, finally showed up, and he also brought a person to come.

"Hosting adults, Zhao Yuan actually brought Zhao Qinglian over, what do you say he is playing?" The ball was brought to the side of Su Shi, who was not affected by this shareholder meeting, and it was so lively and natural. It is because in the past three days, it has successfully completed the task assigned to it by Su Shi, although the method is somewhat unsatisfactory, and the process is somewhat cruel and bloody, but at least the result is good.

Su Shi’s hands now hold 51% of Zhao’s entertainment and become the controlling shareholder of Zhao’s entertainment. He has absolute decision-making power over everything.

Su Shi heard the words, put his eyebrows on the work chair with a soft blanket, and asked him why he should lay this kind of fluffy blanket on the leather seat.

"I am afraid I would like to take my position off the position of Zhao's president of entertainment, and help him to be the son of true love?" Su Shi lightly sighed and casually said, "In the original plot, did Zhao Yuan do the same?" ?"

In order to justifiably let the younger son of true love become a successor, the cold-eyed son and Lu Manni were slandered, and the eldest son was defeated and eventually died.

What is the use of such a father?

The ball said that he knew the location: "The original Lord is really poor."

"Poor people, there must be hateful places, completely unaware that the sinister intentions of the father and the illegitimate children are already very eye-catching. He even sent his handle to the hands of others. This is not what X is?" He sneered, he was not deliberately ridiculing, it was his own IQ, emotional intelligence is too high, so completely unable to understand the original ideas and practices.

Zhao Qingsong is a homosexual.

The "Zhao Qingsong" mentioned here refers to the original Lord, not Su Shi, although no matter what kind of understanding can be established.

In the original plot, the reason why Zhao Qingsong will be discredited in the evening is because of the exposure of this incident, so Su Shi seems to be very rare to go back to the plot, but this feeling is somewhat inexplicable ?

The ball also thought of this, swaying and laughing, and the host adults seemed to have a special liking for the event.

Ten minutes before the start of the shareholders' meeting, Su Shi finally walked into the conference room of the University. At this time, the eleven shareholders including Zhao Yuan and the unrelated person brought by Zhao Yuan were already seated.

The shares of these people together accounted for 74% of the total shareholding of Zhao's entertainment, plus the previous 22% of Su Shi's shares, a total of 96%, the remaining 4% are held in the hands of many minority shareholders with few shares .

Su Shi ignored the strange eyes cast by them, and walked gently to the main seat to sit down, then silently took a breath, and some unspeakable place on the body was still a little painful.

Su Shi adjusted his sitting posture in slow motion while he smashed someone ten times in his heart.

And his move fell into the eyes of other people, but it was interpreted as uneasiness and embarrassment. Zhao Qinglian, who had no sense of existence on the side of Zhao Yuan’s side, flashed a little, and said with a small voice: "Big brother, you Is it okay?"

Su Shi puts a good posture in the past, like a smile and laughs: "Which is this? You want to choose the right method, this 'big brother' is not called casually, otherwise someone may misunderstand you as the father's illegitimate child. ”

As soon as this was said, Zhao Yuan and Zhao Qinglian’s faces were not very good-looking. Other shareholders were mostly watching the fun and watching the music. Of course, some people were sighing because their shares had just been forced. Acquisition.

The most hateful thing is that the Mingming shares have been taken away, but the other party has to come to participate in this general meeting of shareholders, this is simply a virtue!

Zhao Qinglian took a sigh of relief and wanted to speak, but Zhao Yuan glanced back and could only continue to squat.

"The meeting can begin." Zhao Yuan has a majestic face.

Su Shi did not answer, but pointed to Zhao Qinglian: "Is this also a shareholder in the company? I have not seen it before, I wonder how much he shares?"

"Big brother, I am really your brother. You said this, don't you think you are too much!" Zhao Qinglian squatted with his fists, and the voice was particularly awkward in the conference room where the needles were audible.

Su Shi slightly narrowed her eyes: "So you really are the illegitimate son of my father after marriage?"

The word "illegitimate child" is very unpleasant. "The illegitimate child after marriage" is even more difficult to listen to. It shows that Zhao Qinglian is a product of Xiaosan. Zhao Qing is blushing, but he does not know how to refute it. He can only look for help. Zhao Yuan.

Zhao Yuan is cold-faced, neither looking at Su Shi, nor going to see Zhao Qinglian, strictly speaking: "First meet, there are no extra people here."

The phrase "no extra person" has clearly shown his attitude.

Su Shi laughed and took the scornful look back from Zhao Qinglian: "Well, now the meeting begins, the question to be discussed at this general meeting is..."

Speaking of this, Su Shi suddenly stopped and looked up at Zhao Yuan: "Father, what problem are we going to discuss this time?"

Zhao Yuan looked at Su Shi with a blue face and said: "Zhao Qingsong, here is the shareholder meeting, not a place where you can play your temper!"

"But I really forgot, if even my father forgot, then this meeting is not as straightforward to cancel it?" Su Shi said innocently, "I am deliberate, but what can you do with me?" Rogue look.

Zhao Yuan vaguely felt that the performance of the other party was different from the past. But when he thought of the rumors before, he thought that he had changed. It was normal. Maybe he was deliberately mad and stupid, trying to escape this robbery?

With such a thought, Zhao Yuan’s face has slowed down a bit: “Qingsong, since some things have already happened, you should be brave enough to face it. This is the reason I have been teaching you, and it should be the same now.”

This is quite a high-sounding statement. Some of them are selfish but only the person who speaks knows it.

Su Shi was laughing again, and the documents in his hand were opened: "Everyone should have seen the rumors about me online? Here, I solemnly inform you that the vast majority of those rumors are inconsistent. But there is one thing, it is true."

Su Shi’s gaze swept a circle around the crowd, saying “I am a homosexual, this is true.”

When the words came out, the meeting room was instantly in a silence, no one spoke, and no one asked questions.

"It seems that everyone has no problem, then," Su Shi put the documents on, and put the two hands on the table. "Start voting directly."





 The pace of the meeting was too fast. The shareholders said that they accepted some incompetence. This meeting has just begun, and it jumped directly to the voting session.

"My words, is there any incomprehensible place?" Seeing everyone is a look of arrogance, Su Shi raised an eyebrow. "Well, then I will explain one more sentence. Now I will start voting. The voting time is ten. Minutes, those who support me to step down, please cast your valuable vote. Do you have any questions?"

"..." I feel that there is no difference between explaining and not explaining.

Zhao Yuan coughed twice and said with a serious expression: "Since Qingsong has said this, everyone will vote after careful consideration."

However, for a time, eleven shareholders except Su Shi did not have any signs of action. Zhao Yuan is one of them. He actually wants to vote directly, but he is Su Shi’s father after all. It seems that it is not appropriate to stand up and vote.

For a time, the entire conference room fell into a fascinating silence. Zhao Qinglian, who was sitting behind Zhao Yuan, did not have a person to raise his hand to vote. He couldn’t help but be anxious. He wanted to talk to Zhao Yuan, but he still hadn’t. When I opened my mouth, I was brought back by the other eye.

Zhao Qinglian was angry and angry. Zhao Qingsong was a perverted metamorphosis. How can such a person continue to sit in the seat of Zhao’s president? That seat should be his!

Obviously it is a simple question, how can anyone vote for him? This is not scientific at all!

A thought suddenly flashed over the head of Zhao Qinglian who lacked the roots. It must be what Zhao Qingsong did, otherwise things should never be like this!

Zhao Qinglian thinks that his own guess is correct. He thinks that Zhao Qingsong must have used illegal means to threaten these people, so they dare not vote.

I have to say that from a certain point of view, Zhao Qinglian’s idea is indeed the truth, but the reason why these people are threatened by Su Shi is not because Su Shi used any illegal means, but he has mastered these in his hands. Evidence that people use illegal means.

As time went by, Zhao Qinglian, who was full of malicious speculation, couldn’t sit still again. He ignored Zhao Yuan’s blockade and said in a humbly and vocal tone: “Why don’t everyone start voting? It’s not official yet. Start?"

The eyes of everyone at the conference table fell on Zhao Qinglian's body at the same time, but no one kindly helped him answer questions.

Zhao Qinglian was watched by so many people. It was a little cramped and his hands were sweating. He rubbed his palm on his trousers and continued to smile in the tone of his voice: "I just feel a bit strange, you look like I dare not vote."

Su Shi looked at Zhao Qinglian with a smile and smiled. He kindly took care of him: "You mean, I threatened them with the means of seeing the light, so they dare not vote for me?"

"I didn't say that. I just felt weird. I have not participated in such a meeting. But since it is a vote, it should not be so long. I still have a voter." Although Zhao Qinglian wants to express this. Meaning, but he obviously won't admit it.

Su Shi nodded and casually glared at Zhao Qinglian: "If you don't have this meaning and haven't seen the world, then you should shut up."

"..." I feel so good, how can this person not play cards according to common sense? Zhao Qinglian was stunned by the stunned.

Zhao Yuan glanced at Su Shi sternly and swept the crowd. He was also a little annoyed and puzzled. The reaction of these people was completely different from what he expected. If he continued this way, his plan would not be implemented.

"Qingsong, this vote is indeed a bit embarrassing, or a different way." Zhao Yuanzheng proposed, it seems fair and unselfish.

Su Shi said with a smile: "My father said this, but I really want to see that I was pushed down. I wonder if my father will bring more people today. It turned out that this idea has long been used. It is just that. It seems too anxious? I haven’t stepped down yet, and my father is anxious to find a new successor for himself. If this is passed out, I’m afraid it’s not very good.”

"What are you talking about?" Zhao Yuan narrowed his eyes, frowned, and a filthy integrity. "Now it is at the shareholders meeting, you better set your own identity, don't make things like ignorance. Like a child, even if you have a temper, give me a call after the meeting is over!"

"Is it really appropriate for my father to do this? Let a hairy boy who doesn't know the rules gesticulate here. I just asked a question, and I was detained by my father with such a big hat. So, he seems to be more like me. It’s your son,” Su Shi did not care to raise his eyebrows. After some irony, he did not give Zhao Yuan a chance to open the subject and directly pulled the topic back to the topic. “Well, since the father has said this, Then change the voting rules. If you want me to remain as the president of Zhao’s entertainment, please vote. The voting time is still ten minutes."

As soon as this was said, Zhao Yuan and Zhao Qinglian were relieved at the same time, but the former was relieved in the heart, and the latter really took a deep breath.

Ten minutes of voting time, the first five minutes and the situation just now, no one raised his hand to vote, until half of the time, only one person raised his hand and looked forward.

Then came the second and third slowly... Zhao Yuan looked at the people who raised their hands. He never thought that after Su Shi personally admitted that he was gay, there would still be someone who chose to support. he!

Zhao Qinglian’s face is also very unsightly, and he has silently recorded these people in his own small books. After he became the president of Zhao’s entertainment, he must make these people look good!

As the number of voters increased, the share of the participating voters also increased, from 3.2% to 7.1%, and finally stopped at 21.3% in nine minutes.

In the process, Su Shi looked like he was leaning on the chair like nothing, his eyes swiftly sweeping through the crowd, and the two long legs were quickly and leisurely shaken.

As the share of the shares continues to increase, Zhao Qinglian is almost nervous. He has carefully calculated that there are 12 shareholders who participated in the shareholders' meeting, and the total shares accounted for 96%, so as long as they support Zhao Qingsong. The percentage of shares retained is more than 48%, and this matter is settled.

Zhao Qingsong himself holds a 22% stake in his own hands, which means that as long as the other people who support him account for more than 26% of the total shares, he will continue to occupy the position of Zhao’s president.

Zhao Qinglian secretly bite his teeth and must not let this happen!

Only the last minute of voting time was left, and the total share of the voters’ shares remained at 21.3%. There was no sign of further improvement. Zhao Qinglian clenched his fists and stared at the few people who had not voted. Silently praying for a little faster.

"Oh, it seems that there is only the last thirty seconds left. I will vote for myself first, by the way..." Su Shi suddenly made a noise at this time, only to realize that there was not much time left for voting. His eyes swept over a circle of people and asked with a smile. "Is there anyone else to vote? If you want to vote, you have to hurry."

Zhao Qinglian screamed at Su Shi, who was obviously drawing his own ticket, and gnashed his teeth: "Big Brother, you are deliberately disturbing everyone's decision!"

"Is it?" Su Shi smiled and looked at the time. "There are still the last ten seconds. I will help you count down, ten... nine..."

Zhao Qinglian swallowed nervously, and the two hands were tightly tied together. Do not vote again, and no one should vote again!

"Eight...seven...six..." Su Shi continued to count.

Zhao Qinglian's mouth is very tight, it looks very nervous, and it seems like laughing, only the last few seconds, as long as Zhao Qingsong is pushed down that position, then all this will be his!

Zhao Qinglian seems to have seen his beautiful and bright future. He will become the president of Zhao's entertainment and become the focus of everyone's attention and attention!

"Five...four...three..." Su Shi’s tone has not changed, and it seems that things are not related to himself.

Zhao Qinglian’s forehead was sweating with a layer of fine sweat. He felt that his body was hot and his head was a little dizzy because he was too excited and nervous.

His chest continued to rise and fall, and his breathing became heavy.

Everything is so close, as long as he reaches out, he can...

"Second..." Su Shi’s voice continued to come.

But at the same time, there seems to be another voice ringing at the same time: "I vote, I support Mr. Zhao to remain in the position of president."

When the words of this sentence fell, Su Shi also counted: "... zero, the vote is over."

Zhao Qinglian's face is too late to relax because of the excitement of the muscles, the dizziness in the brain is still growing, the ups and downs of the chest have not subsided, but all the erosion has been ruthlessly away from him in a moment.

It's like a piece of glass, broken into **** in a flash.

Zhao Qinglian’s head was blank for a few seconds before he thought of looking at the sound that destroyed it. Then he saw a familiar face, except for Zhao Yuan and Zhao Qingsong, the only face that made him feel familiar.

"Lin... Uncle?" Zhao Qinglian had seen Lin Yan. At that time, he was still in high school. Lin Yan went to school with Zhao Yuan to see him and bought him a lot of gifts.

At that time, Lin Yan touched his head and smiled and said that he and his father are really like, and there will be a big future.

In Zhao Qinglian's almost blank thoughts, the smiling face and the face that ruthlessly destroyed everything in front of him slowly overlapped, from warmth and embarrassment to cruelty and ruthlessness.

At this moment, Zhao Qinglian instinctively wants to cry, is Lin Yan not his father's competent? Shouldn't he stand on his side? But why is the person who destroys all his fantasies and futures at the most critical moments? !

Then Zhao Qinglian cried out with a wow.





 Zhao Yuan’s accident at the last minute was also unexpected, especially the person who made this kind of thing, even the most important arm Lin Yan before him!

Thinking of the photo I saw before, and then looking at what Lin Yan did at this time, Zhao Yuan felt only annoyed and disgusted, but he still remembered that at least the shareholders’ meeting was being held now, facing so many people. He must maintain his demeanor: "Lin Yan, you just said that you support Qingsong to remain as president, do you really think about it?"

First, I did something that humiliated him. Now I deliberately confronted myself on such an important matter. Zhao Yuan only fully understood the true face of Lin Yan today. It turned out that he spent so much effort over the years and eventually raised it. A white-eyed wolf!

"Thank you for reminding me, I am very clear about what I am doing." Lin Yan smiled and answered.

He has Zhao Yuan's anger and anger, but he feels very relieved. He has followed him for so many years. He has been loyal and dedicated, and he always takes everything first, but how does the other party reward himself?

However, it was a scandal on the Internet. Zhao Yuan actually abandoned himself in a clean and tidy way. How can such a person be worthy of his so much effort in the past few years!

The two had a serious expression, a smile, and they all looked normal. In fact, they had already been undercurrent. Even the eyes of the two men were sparkling, and the atmosphere was not too much tension.

Su Shi held his chin on the side of the gaze, his eyes turned a few laps on the two, and the mood was quite pleasant. Until the two of them moved their eyes, Su Shi only chuckled: "Father said this at this time, not already Is it late? Whether Uncle Lin did not consider it clearly when he voted, the results have now been determined."

After that, Su Shi asked from the side: "Is the voting result counted?"

The staff responsible for this task gave the answer: "The voting results have been counted. In addition to Mr. Zhao himself, the shareholder share of the vote is 26.3%, plus Zhao’s share of 22%, the final vote At 48.3%, the total share of all participants in the shareholders' meeting was 96%, and the voting result exceeded half of the total share of the participants. Therefore, the vote was passed."

The meaning of the passage is that Su Shi will continue to serve as the president of Zhao Entertainment, as before.

"Ah, really sorry, it turned out to be such a result. It’s embarrassing to let you down." Su Shi smiled and glared at Zhao Yuan, who was stunned, and Zhao Qinglian, who could not accept the reality.

Zhao Yuan looked at Su Shi with a sullen look. He was so angry in his heart that he could only be hard at this time. He had already lost a game. If he was angry at this time, he would only make himself fall into the wind.

But Zhao Qinglian did not have such great endurance. He only knew that what he wanted was already in front of him, and he could reach it with his hand, but he was snatched away by the wicked man in front of him at the most critical moment!

How can this kind of thing endure!

"This is impossible! There must be a problem with the voting results. How could Uncle Lin support you like this!" Zhao Qinglian stood up and sighed with anger.

Su Shi stunned Zhao Qinglian with a sneak peek. He smiled and said: "The illegitimate son who has no voting rights, you seem to have no right to question the result of the vote?"

Zhao Qinglian glared at the red eyes and tried to use his eyes to make Su Shi Ling late. This person dared to humiliate him like this, it was a deception!

However, every word he said is a fact. He does not have the right to vote, and he is indeed an illegitimate child. However, Zhao Qinglian still feels very unwilling, because the entire Zhao entertainment should be his!

Obviously it is your own thing, why should you let this disgusting homosexual finger! This disgusting homosexuality is so humiliating! He does not have this qualification at all!

"Zhao Qingsong, you are just a disgusting metamorphosis. Do you think that you are very amazing? I tell you, one day, I will..." Zhao Qinglian was angry and accused, just halfway through it, he was immediately stunned. The sound of the sound was interrupted.

The slamming sound of "啪" is the wonderful sound of slap on the face.

Zhao Qinglian’s face was smashed. He looked at his face in a slap in the face of the slap in the face. He was about to burst out, but he was facing the cold eyes of Zhao Yuan’s stern, only for a moment, Zhao Qinglian The full anger and hatred were completely frozen.

"Wake up? Give me a shut up when I wake up!" Zhao Yuan said quietly, his voice was gloomy and scary.

Zhao Qinglian squinted his neck and narrowed his neck. In a moment, he screamed: "I... I know it is wrong."

Su Shi, who was watching the show, saw Zhao Qinglian so honestly, so much regretted in his heart. He scorned: "Father, although I said this is not very good, but since this is your illegitimate child, you It’s good to bring people out and see them again. It’s nothing to slap your own signboard, but I don’t want to be hurt.”

Zhao Yuan’s dislike and anger against Su Shi is no less than Zhao Qinglian, but he knows how to be patient and judges the situation. Even though he can’t wait to drive Su Shi out of the house directly, the expression on his face is at least quiet: “Qingsong, your words are over. ""

Even if this general meeting did not achieve the goal, even if Zhao Qingsong is the president of Zhao's entertainment for the time being, there is one thing that will never change. They are father and son, he is the father, Zhao Qingsong is the son, he is the elder, Zhao Qingsong It is a younger generation.

"Since I can't listen to my loyalty, then I can only say that you are happy." Su Shi smiled indifferently, and his attitude seemed calm.

After all, Su Shi turned his head and glanced at the crowd who was watching the lively circle. He smiled and said: "You should also watch the Zhao family's excitement? Then, this general meeting of shareholders officially ended, thank you. Everyone's support."

As he said, Su Shi had stood up directly, and both hands were walking in the pockets of the suit and walking slowly. After sitting for so long, I felt really uncomfortable, especially in an unspeakable place.

Zhao Yuan stared at Su Shi's back in a gloomy manner. The blue veins of the forehead burst out. I thought that I became the president of Zhao's entertainment. Can I get rid of my own control? He will let this son know who is the one who controls everything.

Zhao Qinglian is even more clenched fists, a pair of Su Shisheng will be swallowed and peeled off, one day, I will let you kneel in front of me, begging me to let you go!

So the father and son simultaneously set themselves a very unlucky Flag, and in the near future, they have become a reality.

When Su Shi left the meeting room, he took out his mobile phone and dialed Qichen’s phone. It’s not how much he sticks to each other. In fact, during the time he just had a meeting, Su Shi’s mobile phone has been vibrating in his pocket. I'm back.

This mobile phone is exclusively for Qi Chen, and only he will call.

When the phone was connected, Qi Chen complained: "Baby, you finally got back to me."

Since the last episode of the heart-warming episode, Qi Chen will call Su Shi "baby" whenever he happens, including the bed.

Therefore, when Su Shi heard this title, the first reaction was not to feel sweet, but to subconsciously shrink the chrysanthemum, and there was an unspeakable pain.

"I was just in a meeting. Is there anything I am looking for?" Su Shi asked in a serious way.

Qi Chen’s voice smiled cheerfully: “I recently planned to take a new show, which is directed by Liu Mingzhen. Would you like to be with me?”

Su Shi remembers that in the original plot, Qi Chen did take Liu Mingzhen's play. It is a small fresh movie with youth theme. The box office results are not outstanding, but it further consolidates the status of Qichen national male god.

So after hearing this, Su Shi did not ask much, and directly agreed: "Well, I will let my agent help me pick a suitable role."

"No need to pick, I have already helped you choose, the role of the male number two, and I have a lot of opponents." Qichen's voice seems to be more intense.

Su Shi raised her eyebrows: "Do you want to experience the sour feeling of competing with the woman?"

"No," Qichen refused, and then paused for a moment, only to slow down the tone and explain, "Because you are my daughter."

"..." I don't know how to endure such a love story.

I didn’t get Su Shi’s response, and I’m afraid that this is not appropriate. Qi Chen further explained: “Forgot to tell you, this is a gay-themed movie, there is no female owner, only male and male, only you. And me."

This answer made Su Shi very surprised. He did not remember the original plot. Liu Mingzhen had taken such a movie. Is it that he remembered it wrong?

Su Shi looked at the ball sideways and the ball was hung with a question mark. "I just checked, I didn't mention it in the original story."

In fact, in the place where the original plot was not described, Liu Mingzhen did move the idea of ​​making this film, but because of the type restrictions, no company is willing to shoot, and can not find a suitable actor, and ultimately can only be stranded.

The reason why this situation has undergone such a huge change, but also to talk about the unpleasant incident of Qi Chen and Su Shi in the drunk month Xuan more than a month ago.

The person who met with Qichen that day was Liu Mingzhen, but because of the "accident", the two did not meet at the end. After Qi Chen apologized, he met Liu Mingzhen again.

Because the nature of the two people’s meeting has changed in essence, the communication between Qi Chen and Liu Mingzhen has also undergone subtle changes, which led to Liu Mingzhen’s idea of ​​shooting such a movie. Qi Chen was excluded, but he hesitated and asked him with hesitation. I didn't expect the two to hit it off.

Everything seems so coincidental, yet reveals the inevitable, and most importantly, such changes are so wonderful and just right.

Su Shi got the answer to the ball and didn't think too much about it. Compared with the development of the story, he paid more attention to what happened in front of him.

Only in front of you is visible and tangible.

Qi Chen, who was across the phone, saw Su Shi did not respond for a long time. He thought that he was saying that he was not happy, and he was asking, but he listened to Su Shi with a clear smile: "Talk on the big screen." A small, fresh love seems to be quite good."





 After the matter was settled, the two men agreed on the time to meet with Liu Mingzhen, and further discussed the matter about the film. The meeting place was still the drunken moon Xuan, who was deeply rooted in the relationship between the two.

On the day of the meeting, Su Shi and Qi Chen were together. When they arrived at the place, Liu Mingzhen was waiting there.

"Zhao Zong, hello, please sit down." Liu Mingzhen took the initiative to say hello, saw Qi Chen first to help Su Shi open the chair, only to sit down, Liu Mingzhen's eyes slightly bright.

After sitting down, Su Shi went straight to the theme: "We are coming over this time, I want to discuss the movie with Liu Dao. I don't know how much investment the film initially estimated?"

When she heard the words "we", Liu Mingzhen’s eyes lit up again. Her eyes turned around in two equally handsome and handsome men, and my heart began to sneak. Bubbles.

Restraint, be sure to exercise restraint.

"Cough, because the tone of the film is a literary film that takes a small and fresh route, so the investment required is not high. Just because of the subject matter, after the movie is filmed, there may be no way to go to the theater, so..." Liu Mingzhen I hope that this movie can be filmed, but she also knows how difficult it is to do it and do it well.

The reality is pressing people, and some things are helpless.

Su Shi’s words are just an understatement: “There is no need for Liu’s heart to go to the upper house. What you have to do is how to take this film, and that’s it.”

Liu Mingzhen blinked and some could not understand the meaning of Su Shi. Is there any way he can make the movie of homosexuality go to the hospital line smoothly?

But think about it is impossible?

"Since he said this, Liu Dao just said that he was relieved." Qi Chen put his hand on the back of Su Shi’s chair and held a teacup in one hand. The expression on his face was a gentle smile that always appeared in front of outsiders. In short, if you want to make a movie, you have to rely on Liu."

Said, Qi Chenchao Liu Mingzhen raised the cup, Liu Mingzhen some eagerly took the cup and took a sip, then he heard that Su Shi has pushed the topic to the next step: "I have seen the script, the plot is good, a thousand Is 10,000 yuan invested enough?"

Liu Mingzhen is more aggressive with this number: "Enough, absolutely enough."

"As for the film remuneration, since it is the film I shot, the film pays nothing, his words," Su Shi in Liu Mingzhen's aggressive mouth, and pushed the topic forward a big step, he turned his head and glanced at Qi Chen. After considering it for a while, he offered a price for him. "Fifty thousand should be enough."

Liu Mingzhen’s chin is almost shocked. With Qichen’s position and value in the entertainment circle, is such a low price a joke?

"Although this is a movie you shot, don't you have to be so embarrassed?" Qi Chen looked at Su Shi with helplessness.

Liu Mingzhen also felt that Su Shi’s words were too exaggerated. She was about to speak, but she listened to Qi Chen and said: "But since you said this, then 500,000."

"..." Liu Mingzhen almost fell directly from the stool, what ghost, Qi Chen actually agreed? !

Liu Mingzhen, who was in a hurry, glared at the two men who did not follow the common sense in front of them. They felt that their three views were greatly affected. Is she really dreaming?

Once again, the ball that was ravaged by one of the two was sympathetically looking at Liu Mingzhen, who was already stunned.

Qi Chen did not care about Liu Mingzhen's reaction, but moved the hand on the back of the chair to Su Shi's shoulder: "Is there any reward for seeing me retreat to this point?"

"Reward you to invite me to dinner." Su Shi shrugged indifferently.

Qi Chen's eyes flashed slightly: "Okay."

Liu Mingzhen, who was shocked by the film before the moment, was full of blood and resurrection after seeing this scene. Although it may be just his own delusion, the two seem to be too good. Too much love, ah!

I witnessed Liu Mingzhen's changing the face of the ball for a moment, then ran to the corner to draw a circle, why is it always hurt!

Liu Mingzhen did not know that she had inadvertently hurt a poor and ruined system. She reluctantly suppressed the soul of the rot woman in her body, and made a calm gesture: "Zhao Zong, if Qichen’s pay is really... If you have 500,000 yuan, is there a little investment of 10 million..."

"I have already said that all you have to do is to take this film well. If you feel that there is surplus of funds, you will invest in the later propaganda. There is always a way to spend money." Su Shi waved his hand and waved his money. It’s just too cool to be a party.

Liu Mingzhen was so moved that she couldn’t do it. She thought that her dream of shooting a movie of the same **** could only be realized in her dreams, but she did not expect it to become a reality so soon!

Liu Mingzhen sucked his nose and stood up. He solemnly said: "General Zhao, I am really grateful for your help, I will try my best to make this film the best!"

"Liu Dao is too polite, and I and Asong will try to restore the characters in the script completely." Qi Chen stood up and had a gentle and courteous attitude.

Wen Yan, Liu Mingzhen's pink bubble just pressed down, suddenly rushed up and rushed to the top of the head, it seems that such two match is about to appear in his own same-sex movie, think about it is...

"That... Liu Dao, are you okay?" Qi Chen's look became a bit odd.

Liu Mingzhen smirked and said: "I am fine, what happened?"

"You seem to be nosebleed." Qi Chen touched his nose and said the truth.

"..." Liu Mingzhen instantly returned to God, and quickly ran his nose and ran out of the private room.

After the movie was finalized, the three had a good meal, and after dinner, Qi Chen went home directly with Su Shi.

Just opened the door, Su Shi was picked up by Qi Chen and went to the bedroom.

Su Shi kicked his leg and kicked his kick: "What are you doing?"

"Don't move, be careful, I hit your ass." Qi Chen's action seemed to be brutal and rude, but it was very soft. One hand was also thoughtfully padded on Su Shi's abdomen, in case he was shackled.

Su Shi turned a blind eye and did not move again.

When he was placed on a soft bed, Su Shi asked: "Dear, what kind of trick do you want to play?"

"I just want to help you deliver on your promises," Qichen smiled and answered. Seeing Su Shi’s face, he explained more. "You didn't say that you want to reward me, let me invite you to dinner?"

Su Shi immediately grasped the meaning of Qi Chen, and then could not help but turn a blind eye, there is a lover who is so dirty and so X is not satisfied, his heart is also very collapsed?

Qi Chen had taken the opportunity to climb the bed and pressed it on Su Shi’s body, pitifully glaring at him: “Baby, I want my reward, you promised me.”

#问:What is the feeling of a lover who is filthy and will be spoiled and still very persistent?

A: Health (yu) no (xian) can (yu) love (si). #

#问: My lover is set to collapse again. Is there any means of salvation?

A: You are also going to collapse together. #

Su Shi sighed and sighed in the face of Qi Chen’s innocent eyes: “Say first, only once.”

"Follow!" Qi Chen grinned and began to enjoy the rewards that his lover gave him.

The next day, Su was sorely awakened, determined to fight with Qi Chen, but after seeing the other pair of worried and self-blaming scorpions, he immediately died down: "I am hungry, you go help me. ""

"Well, you should take a good rest for a while, wait for me to call you." Qi Chen helped Su Shi to be horned, but after turning around, he slowly showed a sly smile.

I don’t know that Su Shi, who was pitted by her lover, leaned on the pillow and closed her eyes. The mobile phone rang at this time. When she opened her eyes, it turned out to be Zhao Yuan’s call.

Su Shi chuckled and waited for the bell to ring eight times before pressing the answer button: "Father, is there something to look for me so early?"

"Are you still sleeping? How is the voice so dumb?" Zhao Yuan’s voice was hard to get some temperature.

Su Shi lightly coughed twice, and picked up Qi Chen's warm water on the bed cabinet and drank two, only to reopen: "I am fine, my father may have something to say."

"Nothing, just just suddenly remembered that our father and son have not eaten together for a long time. Are you coming back to have a meal this weekend?" Zhao Yuan’s voice was filled with a faint sigh, as if it was really for this. And feel lost.

However, Su Shi’s heart was not wavering, and even a little bit of laughter. In order to pull himself down, did Zhao Yuan even pretend to show that such bad tricks were made?

"Okay." Su Shi’s voice promised briskly, face-to-face scum, and he liked it the most.

"Then I will wait for you to come back." After Zhao Yuan responded, he paused for a while, as if he was thinking about what he could say, but he did not think of it in the end. He could only use his voice that he thought was very kind, " Go ahead, if you have any questions at work, you can contact me."

"Father, please rest assured, my work will not have any problems." Su Shi said, hanging up the phone.

Not long after hanging up the phone, Qi Chen came up and asked Su Shi to go downstairs to have breakfast. Su Shi said the thing just now and Qi Chen at the dinner table.

Since I promised Qi Chen to satisfy his wishes, it is natural to explain everything clearly.

Qi Chen put a burnt wheat in Su Shi's plate: "Do you need me to accompany you?"

"Do you want to go to the theater, or want to go out to the cabinet?" Su Shi smiled and smiled at Qi Chen.

Qi Chen pretended to think seriously for a while, smiled and replied: "Or go to the theater, even if you want to come out, we should also come out to the world."

When you come out to the world, it’s like feeling like you’re doing something earth-shattering.

Su Shi smothered the burnt wheat, and some of them were unclear: "It is a good choice to watch a movie. I am looking forward to this big show tomorrow."

The mouthful of the fragrance filled the air, Su Shi sat up with satisfaction, and it was time for the father and son to know about the Zhao’s entertainment shares.





 On the day when Su Shi returned to Zhao, the weather was very good. Sunshine and Hee, the breeze was scornful. Qi Chen specially invited the crew for a day off and went back with him.

On the way, after the ball, he asked Su Shi: "Hosted adults, why don't you tell the father and son directly that you have become a controlling shareholder of Zhao's entertainment on the day of the general meeting? This is not saving you more. Have you run a trip?"

"Since I can suffocate the enemy twice, why should I choose to have a one-time exhaustion?" Su Shi took a look at the mentally retarded eyes.

"..." QAQ It really shouldn't be a bit of a question, to the extent of the host's bad taste, this is simply looking for abuse!

But in fact, the reason why Su Shi did not abuse the scum at one time was simply because the mobile phone in the pocket was vibrating to make people feel annoyed, and the scum can be used at any time, but the lover's phone can't be returned for a long time.

When Su Shi arrived at the Zhao family, he saw that only Zhao Yuan was waiting at home, and he couldn’t help but feel sorry. How could such a scum abuse situation reduce Zhao Qinglian? After all, the father and son are abused together, it is really abuse.

"Qingsong, you are back, I..." Zhao Yuan said half of the words of his father's face, only to notice Qi Chen standing behind Su Shi, and with his understanding of the entertainment circle, it is impossible to recognize Qi Chen. Face, but how did he come together with Zhao Qingsong and still appear here together? Is Qichen the reason why Zhao Qingsong came out?

Zhao Yuan’s mind turned and turned, and smiled quietly and asked: “Qingsong, is this?”

"This is my friend, come back to dinner with me." Su Shi replied in an understatement, directly pulling Qi Chen over Zhao Yuan and going to the sofa to sit down.

Qi Chen did not have time to open his own introduction, only politely smiled at him when he wiped Zhao Yuan.

The blue veins in front of Zhao Yuan’s forehead are bursting out. This son is really awkward!

But thinking of his own plan, Zhao Yuan can only take a deep breath and take the temper down and put on the mask of the father: "You will sit down for a while, and the food will be ready soon."

After that, Zhao Yuan sat down opposite the two, and he thought about how to implement the plan when the situation changed. He did not expect Zhao Qingsong to bring people back.

"Father, what about your illegitimate child?" Su Shi's action leaned on the sofa casually, seemingly sloppy, but in fact, he still had the sequela of last night, sitting too tired.

Zhao Yuanmei’s heart beat, his heart was more flamboyant, his face mask could not be stretched, and he sighed: “Qingsong, I know that you can’t agree with Qinglian’s existence for the time being, but he is indeed your brother. As a brother, you should be more tolerant of him."

Su Shi sneered at Zhao Yuan and said with a smile: "Is the father misunderstood? The reason why I asked him is just wondering why he was not here. Since the father also said that he is my brother, is it true? Shouldn’t this meal be eaten together?”

Zhao Yuan was stabbed by Su Shi’s ironic eyes and his face was red and red: “I thought you didn’t want to see him, so I didn’t ask him to come.”

"It turned out that in my father's eyes, I was such a stingy person. This is too embarrassing to me." Every time I contacted Zhao Yuan, I had to call Su Shi, who was first screaming, and complained calmly. "Even for the sake of Prove my innocence, I have to call this illegitimate younger brother today, father, call him now."

For the first time, Zhao Yuan discovered that this son was so sharp-minded that he could suffocate him with almost every sentence. However, the other party rarely showed such generosity. He naturally would not refuse: "I was misunderstood before. Well, you can think like this, I am very pleased, after all, you are a brother, after all, Zhao’s entertainment will rely on you two to work together..."

"You are still going to call." Su Shi waved his hand, apparently not patiently listening to Zhao Yuan said these false words.

Zhao Yuan, who was once again suffering from liver pain, could only call Zhao Qinglian on the side of the fire.

Qi Chen took the opportunity to whisper into Su Shi’s ear, and kissed him on the lover’s earlobe: “Do you need me to avoid it later?”

Su Shi glanced at him sideways, although he did not care about Zhao Yuan’s opinion, but he also remembered the revenge of his backache last night: “No.”

"If I am present, your father may not implement the plan as you wish." Qi Chen squinted at Su Shi's shoulder, in front of his lover, he had to resort to no means, regardless of face, in order to benefit himself.

Su Shi reached out and pushed Qi Chen's face away, but blinked in the next moment, because Qi Chen unexpectedly took a nap on his palm!

How can he have such a brazen lover!

Qi Chen did not know it at all. He continued to chase after the question just now: "So I really don't need me to avoid it?"

Su Shi was also ruined by the lover's cheeky degree in this life. He didn't feel good. "No, they have any plans for them, but today is my home. Do you think I need to care about their views?" ?"

"I really don't need it." Qi Chen smiled and looked at Su Shi. He really loved the lover's self-confidence and arrogance.

Under the call of Zhao Yuan, Zhao Qinglian quickly rushed over and saw Su Shi, Zhao Qinglian politely first said hello: "Big brother, you are willing to let me come and eat with you, I am really happy. And before that The matter, indeed, I am not sensible, I will say that at the important meeting, I hope that my older brother will not mind."

Su Shi did not take care of Zhao Qinglian. He called people over, but not to shake hands with him.

Zhao Qinglian saw that Su Shi was completely ignorant of himself. Naturally, he was somewhat angry. But when he thought of his father’s precepts, he still endured: "Big Brother, let me help you with a cup of tea."

"Don't rush to pour tea, I have something to tell you." Su Shi called Zhao Qinglian, pointing to the opposite sofa.

Zhao Qinglian and Zhao Yuan looked at each other and nodded and sat down: "Big Brother, what do you say directly?"

"You should all know that I am gay?" Su Shi threw the first question.

Zhao Yuan was somewhat uncertain about what Su Shi had to say and did not give a response. Zhao Qinglian was more direct and nodded: "Is this not your big brother, do you personally admit it?"

"Then you should also know that because of this incident, the stock of Zhao's entertainment has been very turbulent recently?" Su Shi threw a second question.

This problem made Zhao Yuan and Zhao Qinglian's eyes shine at the same time, but the former was still calm and still had no response. The latter was excited and asked: "Big Brother, what are you going to say?"

Su Shi smiled and finally sat up straight: "I just want to tell you that even if I am a homosexual, even if the company's stock falls because of me, even if the end of the world comes, I will not give up the position of the president. Will not give you this position, or you."

In the end, Su Shi also pointed out that Zhao Yuan and Zhao Qinglian were both in line with their own words.

The faces of the two men turned black in an instant. In this case, Zhao Yuan had to open his mouth: "Qingsong, what do you mean by this? Your current position is what I gave you, can I still Can you grab it back? As for Qinglian, he is your younger brother. Even if you don't know him, you shouldn't be so maliciously speculating about his thoughts!"

After that, Zhao Yuan quickly gave Zhao Qinglian a look.

Zhao Qinglian originally wanted to get angry. When he received this look, he immediately changed his misunderstanding and misunderstanding: "Big brother, the last thing was really wrong, but I have already apologized to you, you really Can't you forgive me? And I am still in college, and I still have more than a year to graduate. I can't have such an idea at all."

After that, Zhao Qinglian took advantage of the double-minded eyes and looked at Su Shi, and Zhao Yuan’s eyes also fell on Su Shi with sternness.

Under the gaze of the two, Su said with a narrow eye, suddenly turned his head and said: "Their performance is really bad, do you think?"

"It is very bad." Qi Chen cooperated with the nod.

"..." Zhao Qinglian’s eyes were sluggish, and suddenly he wanted to swear, not knowing if he would be harmonized.

Zhao Yuan’s face is also black: “Qingsong, is this the attitude you should face when facing your father?!”

Su Shi looked at Zhao Yuan with his eyes, with a sardonic irony and contempt: "If my father really loves me and supports me and supports me, I will of course respect him and love him, but face a moment. Thinking about how to calculate his son, the father who pushed his son into the abyss, what do you expect me to do? I am not a fool."

"Zhao Qingsong, you don't want to be too much!" Zhao Yuan slammed his eyes and stood up, a look of anger.

Zhao Qinglian, who has come back to the world, is angry and helpless: "Big brother, you are really too much! How can you say that I can do it, but how can you filthy father? He is your father, you can have everything today, It’s all about him...”

"Shut up!" Su Shi raised to Zhao Qinglian, his voice vomited two words.

Obviously just a fluttering glimpse, Zhao Qinglian only feels that the back is cool, and the sound is stopped in an instant, as if the blood of the whole body has been frozen, why Zhao Qingsong’s eyes will be so terrible!

Su Shi leaned back on the sofa and looked at the two people in front of her eyes: "You two seem to have made a mistake. I am here, just to tell you a fact that has been confirmed, not to discuss with you, to be a human being. Can't be so conceited."

Zhao Yuan’s chest is fluctuating. If it is not the endurance that he has been practicing for many years, he couldn’t help but hit the person directly: “Zhao Qingsong, the person sitting in the seat of Zhao’s entertainment president is indeed you, but you Don't forget who this seat is for you! Since I can send you to this position, I can pull you down too. You should not be too arrogant!"

"Although I don't know the confidence and courage of my father from where you came from, dare to say such outrageous words, but there is one thing you should know," Su Shi slightly narrowed his eyes, and the voice seemed to smile, but it looked The chill is pressing, "Since you have already let out this position, don't think about taking it back, because you already have no such qualification."

The lethality of this words is too great. Zhao Yuan was so angry that he was blackened. He pointed out that his index finger had been on Su Shi for a long time, and he barely said a word: "Let me see if I have this qualification!"

Zhao Qinglian finally rescued himself from the frozen water. Seeing Su Shi and Zhao Yuan have completely fallen out, simply do not continue to disguise, with a hateful Su Shi said: "Big brother, your things were originally given by the father, My father wants to accept it, and naturally he can recover it. How can you not even understand this truth?"

"I really don't understand this truth, but there is a truth. I don't think you understand it." Su Shi slowly changed his position into a more comfortable position, and he decided to be quiet. "As the controlling shareholder of Zhao's entertainment, no one can overthrow it." my decision."





 "You are just farting in this way, you are just a..." Zhao Qinglian’s swearing in half, suddenly stopped, and then knowingly, "controlling shareholders? What does the controlling shareholder mean?"

Su Shi laughed and dismissed the truth: "I don't even know what the controlling shareholder is. I dare to make a big slogan here. Your actions are in line with the unique temperament of the illegitimate child. However, although your ignorance has nothing to do with me, please don't be with me. Show me how far you are ignorant, okay? Because I really don't want to laugh at you."

Zhao Qinglian’s face was red, and the feeling of being naked and contemptuous was too bad. It was like taking the initiative to put his face together and making people slap a few slaps, obviously hurting, but he could not help!

Zhao Qinglian knows that he is not an opponent of Su Shi. He can only look at Zhao Yuan with a sigh of relief. But at this time, Zhao Yuan still has the mood to manage Zhao Qinglian’s life and death. His thoughts are all on Su Shi’s. In the words.

Zhao Yuanxian instinctively denied the words of Zhao Qingsong, because this is simply not true. Zhao Qingsong’s shares in Zhao’s entertainment are only 22%, even if he adds 5% of Lin Yan, it is only 27%, away from 50%. Still far away.

But how could Zhao Qingsong make a joke about this kind of thing? Even if you can talk for a while, but as long as you look carefully, you will immediately reveal the stuffing. This move is tantamount to being self-satisfied.

These two thoughts are constantly rolling in my mind, and slowly have a tendency, Zhao Yuan's face has become more and more ugly, but how can Zhao Qingsong do this kind of thing!

And if this is true... Zhao Yuan simply does not dare to think about what impact this incident will have on himself!

Seeing that Zhao Yuan has found the correct answer, Su Shi has long legs and slowly said: "Now I have a 51% stake in Zhao's Entertainment. Although it is only a little more than 50%, it is truly worthy. The controlling shareholder. As the second largest shareholder of Zhao's entertainment, I will ask my father to take care of it in the future."

There was something in my mind that seemed to blow up. Zhao Yuan only felt that his eyes were suddenly black, his body was uncontrollably leaning back, and he fell on the sofa. Zhao Qinglian was shocked and quickly yelled at him. Arm: "Father, what's wrong with you? Don't scare me!"

Zhao Yuan’s chest was violently ups and downs, his eyes were wide open, and he stared straight at Su Shi, but he couldn’t speak for a long time.

Although I dare not think about it, a horrible thought came out uncontrollably. If Zhao Qingsong really became the controlling shareholder of Zhao's entertainment, then his efforts in the past few years have all been completed!

This thought made Zhao Yuan's eyes black in front of him, and there was almost nothing left in his head.

Some people seem to be calm and powerful, and they know how to kill. It seems that there is nothing to kill, but it is only because you have not poked that point, as long as you find the other party's Achilles heel, then powerful enemies can hit the commandment.

Zhao Yuan’s Achilles heel is based on his rights and interests. Zhao’s entertainment is all his painstaking efforts. Now his blood has turned into someone else’s eve, and he is not mad at him.

Zhao Qinglian was scared by Zhao Yuan's appearance, and his eyes were red: "Zhao Qingsong, you are too much! You see what your father is like!"

"How do you say this? How could my father be angry because I became the controlling shareholder of Zhao's entertainment? He must be so happy," Su Shi turned his eyes innocently and corrected Zhao Qinglian's statement. I opened my mouth and rushed to Zhao Yuan and smiled. "I know that my father is so excited that he will be too excited to speak. You can rest assured that I will take care of Zhao's entertainment. After all, the position of the president is still yours." Let me give it."

Zhao Yuan’s eyes were bigger, his lips kept tweeting, his fingers flicked for a long time before he pointed to Su Shi, and then he slammed out a sentence: “You are...inverse!”

After hearing these words, Su Shi smiled even more happily: "Thank you for your father's compliment. I am here, that is to inform you of this good news. As for the other... the days are long, we can slowly Come, father, are you saying?"

Zhao Yuan’s rounded eyes stared straight at Su Shi for two seconds, then his eyes turned and he was directly fainted.

"Dad!" Zhao Qinglian yelled, then turned his head and continued to despise Su Shi, and complained with impatience. "Zhao Qingsong, you are still not a man! How can you mad at your father, you are really..."

Su Shi made a stop gesture and kindly proposed: "Now your dear father has fainted, are you sure you want to swear at this time, instead of helping him call a doctor?"

Zhao Qinglian did not expect that he could be caught by the other side when he was completely standing at the moral high ground. His face was ugly and it was like eating a poop.

When he gave the doctor a call, and according to the doctor's embarrassment, Zhao Yuan did a simple treatment. After turning around, he saw that Su Shi was drinking tea leisurely!

Zhao Qinglian spit out an old blood, and both hands are shaking. Who can give him a kitchen knife, he has to drag this person out and cut it!

"Is it handled? Just a few words I have to say to you," see Zhao Qinglian squinting at his eyes. Su Shi slowly put down the teacup. "I know that you are the illegitimate child of Zhao Yuan, the product of Xiao San, but I This person is very generous and doesn't care much about this matter. So after college, you can still come to Zhao's entertainment. I will arrange a general position for you. Of course, it is only for ordinary positions. What do you think?"

"You fart! Go to Nyima's ordinary position, Zhao's entertainment should have been mine!" Zhao Qinglian spurted out another old blood, he felt that he might die soon, because this person's words are too irritating!

Su Shi stared at Zhao Qinglian's red eyes and watched it for a while. When Zhao Qinglian thought that he was about to come back positively, Su Shi suddenly said with an understatement: "You have the right to continue to dream, but even if you dream, please do a The dream of civilization and harmony is not right."

Zhao Qinglian’s eyes are twitching. It is obvious that Zhao Qingsong’s tone sounds peaceful and the content of the speech is not intense, but why he feels that this is more angry and wrong than the positive one!

What a weird skill this is!

"My words are all about this, then, Mr. illegitimate son, we will not do this, there will be a period later." Su Shi finished the sentence, stood up directly from the sofa, completely ignoring Zhao Qinglian's purple face, face Walking out with a smile.

Qi Chen followed up, and before leaving, he also smiled at Zhao Qinglian.

Zhao Qinglian was shivering and trembled. He wanted to rush straight to give Su Shi a few punches and squat him down, but in the head of his anger, he suddenly flashed through the eyes of Su Shi who made his back cool. He was paralyzed in an instant.

Until Su Shi’s back disappeared completely, the door was shut down with a “squeaky” sound, and Zhao Qinglian was angry and snorted, punching on the coffee table and then being called out.

On the way back, Qi Chen drove while driving, and couldn’t stop taking the eyes of Xing Su, but he still didn’t speak. Su Shi reluctantly replied to him: “Can you drive well?”

“I really want me to drive well?” Qi Chen smiled meaningfully.

Su Shi felt that this laugh was a bit wrong, but she didn't think too much: "Be careful, there is nothing to go back and say."

Qi Chen did not swear at him again, but after returning home, Su Shi was forced to go to the old driver Qi Chen's car, and felt the superb skills of an old driver.

The next day, Su Shi once again got up with back pain and pain, and decided to be cautious in the future. He must never let Qi Chen seize any handle. Who knows that the day was because of a "body discomfort" and was promoted to a new doctor. Qi Chen pulled it into the bed and checked it inside and outside.

For the first time, Su Shi felt that this day could not be over!

The noisy and sweet days slipped through the day, and the preparations for "Lover" were constantly advanced and improved. Finally, after one month, the casting was completed and officially entered the filming.

As a **** and literary film, the tone of "Lover" is very small and fresh.

"Lover" tells the story of two teenagers at the same stage in high school. They have to admire each other and admire each other. They have to be separated from each other because of the pressure of secularism. After many years, both of them have mature and strong. The heart, and the successful cause, have come back together and the story of working together for a lifetime.

The reason why it is small and fresh is not only because of the background and story of the story itself, but also because the two teenagers are always in the body and heart, no matter how big the outside world is, how much temptation is there. Deep, they can hold the heart for the person in their heart.

I am separated from you, not because I don't love you, but because I am waiting for a better time to meet again.

When I am strong enough, I can cut off all the obstacles between you and me; when I am mature enough, I can look down on all the gossip; when I am strong enough to be your safe haven, are you still willing to be my lover?

My lover, I have been waiting for you.

At the end of the story, the two men re-sit back to the high school classroom. When they first fell in love with each other, they dared not directly express their feelings. They could only sneak a pen on the note.

"I seem to like you a bit, are you willing to be with me?"

"I am willing."

Looking at each other and smiling, only a decade of time, all of them become a fragrant, as if still standing in the same place, hey, but actually has reached a happy ending.

All the hardships are only for the best encounter, before that, I will hold myself for you.

Su Shi is very satisfied with this script. When he was filming, he was also very involved. Especially with Qi Chen’s opponent, almost every game was over, but director Liu Mingzhen seems to be unhappy every time. It seems that I hope that the two can More than a few times, it is hard to guess the woman's mind.

During this period of time, in the private relationship with Qi Chen, Su Shi has always been very cautious. He has not been caught by Qi Chen in any discourse to carry out ulterior torture. He thought that such a day could continue. Who knows that Qichen suddenly said mysteriously that he would give him a present.

"Gift? What special day is it today?" Su Shi is somewhat puzzled, and his memory should not miss any important days.

Qi Chen only smiled meaningfully, and then sent the gift box to Su Shi.

Su Shi opened it with a bad hunch. It was a set of clothes, very similar to the high school uniform he wore in Lovers. The white shirt and black suit pants were just embroidered on the right side of the chest. The name is not the role name, but the word "Zhao Qingsong".

Su Shi’s brain hole did not open for a while, but still stayed in the fact that my name is not “Zhao Qingsong”.

There, Qi Chen had already urged him to change clothes, so Su Shi took the clothes with a completely wrong direction in this direction and changed his clothes. When he was dressed in a good student, he turned around and paired with Qichen. The green eyes flashed, but the situation was not good, but it was too late.

Su Shi was smart, and for a moment, he finally fell into the trap of the Timber Wolf Qichen.





 Nearly half of the filming of "Lover", "Harem of the Harem" was officially launched. As a member of the Dragon Set, Su Shi did not pay much attention to this matter.

His only concern is that with the launch of this TV series, his main line mission has finally made substantial progress, Qichen’s IQ has increased from 0% to 10%, although he does not seem to be owed by IQ. Look like.

As the actor of this drama, Qi Chen, in addition to propaganda, did not care much about the opening of the TV series, because he felt that he was too little in this drama with Su Shi’s opponent.

So in the place where the two did not care much, the "Harem of the Harem" quickly ignited, and the first episode of the first episode reached 1.072, and then it was climbing, and when it was played to the thirteenth episode. Successfully broke through the 2.0 mark.

Two days after the first broadcast of "The Harem of the Harem", several other TV stations began to play the TV series. Although it was behind the first episode, the ratings were very good. During this time, just turn on the TV and see almost It’s all this TV show.

It is worth mentioning that with the advancement of the plot of "Hou Gong Song", Qi Chen's reputation has become more and more large, the position of the national male god is sitting more and more stable, and Lu Manni is as expected by Su Shi. Whether it is in the drama or outside the drama, it has been smashed.

The first episode of the TV series achieved such a good result. Zhang Jin’s big hand waved and decided to hold a celebration feast. Both Qi Chen and Su Shi received the invitation. The former was because of the role in the play, and the latter was because of the identity in reality.

"This celebration feast, are you going?" Qi Chen is now sticky to Su Shi. If he is not going to film, he will stick himself to Su Shi twenty-four hours a day.

"Go, of course, go." Su Shi hooked the corner of the lips, this time the celebration feast Lu Manni will go, how can he miss this rare opportunity to appreciate the other side of the end?

Since the hype incident a few months ago, Lu Manni has not received any formal work except for the filming of the harem, whether she is filming or not, and she has not signed any entertainment company. This directly led to her having to pay the most basic cost of living.

So even if I know that I will suffer all kinds of criticisms and cold eyes, Lu Manni has to bite her teeth to participate in this celebration. Maybe this celebration will be the turning point for her to change her destiny again?

On the day of the celebration, Su Shi and Qi Chen joined hands and there was no intention to avoid it. At this time, Lu Manni had been holding a glass of juice in the corner for a while.

Seeing two familiar figures coming in, Lu Manni's eyes were rounded up instantly, and the fingertips holding the cups were slightly white, as if the cups were to be crushed.

These two people, if they are not, they will not fall to the end of the present!

Lu Manni clenched her silver teeth and scorned the two men. I wanted to rush directly to pour the juice on them, but she knew that she could never do this, otherwise her careful preparations today would be wasted.

Today, Lu Manni wore a black bag-necked tight-fitting skirt, and the upper body did not shy away from the exaggerated line of business. The face was decorated with delicate makeup. This dress was not like a celebration feast, but But it fits well with her purpose.

Lu Manni’s purpose today is very clear, that is, to find a gold owner for himself.

As long as she finds the gold owner who is willing to hold her, she will be able to stand up again! Lu Manni is convinced of this.

Lu Manni struggled to tear her eyes on Su Shi's hatred, and continued to look for her own goal. After a few minutes, her eyes fell on a handsome man in a burgundy suit.

Before coming here, Lu Manni had done her homework, so she recognized that this young man is the younger brother of Liu Shiyi, the president of Zhao’s entertainment, and he is also the deputy general manager of Liu’s entertainment.

Such a young, handsome, and gold man is in line with Lu Manni’s appetite.

Lu Manni slowly stood up, looked down at her proud figure, and then slowly lifted her chin and stepped forward to the young man step by step.

She has already thought about how to attract the attention of the other party, so each step is a good distance. After she finally walked behind the young man, she successfully went to the upper body and prepared to go to the young man. When she fell, she suddenly reached out from behind her. This hand firmly held her arm and prevented her from continuing to fall.

Lu Manni looked back subconsciously, facing the eyes of Su Shi, who smiled and laughed. At that moment, Lu Manni only felt that the whole person was not good!

"Miss Lu, if you are not stable, don't wear such high shoes. This is very dangerous. You are so heavy. What if you get to someone else?" Su Shi took Lu Manni straight and immediately took out the handkerchief. Wiping the hand that had just touched Lu Manni, as if I had just encountered something dirty.

Lu Manni’s entire face was twitching. She knew that she had done everything, but she was destroyed at the most critical moment! Damn Zhao Qingsong, why didn't he die!

At this time, the young man turned around because of the movement behind him. When he saw Lu Manni’s wolverine, he couldn’t help but raise his eyebrows: “What happened?”

"Nothing, just because the lady was too tall and didn't stabilize, she almost fell. I just pulled her in good heart." Su Shi completely ignored Lu Manni's cramped expression and smiled.

Say, Su Shi did not have a deep impression on Lu Manni's chest wet with juice, and then revealed a clearly disgusted expression.

Looking at Su Shi’s screaming face and his contemptuous contempt, and thinking that his designed plan has been destroyed by this person, Lu Manni’s resentment, anger, and grievance all broke out in an instant. She couldn't take care of the occasion at this time. The voice was sharp and twisted and the voice was low: "Zhao Qingsong, why do you have to destroy everything, why don't you die!"

After the end of the banquet, the whole banquet became silent in an instant, and Qi Chen, who came over behind Su Shi, directly fell cold on his face: "Miss Lu, you have to go crazy, please change the object, Asong is not you can talk nonsense Object."

As soon as I saw Qi Chen, Lu Manni’s resentment suddenly rose to the next level. Some mouths continued to vent: "Qi Chen, what qualification do you have to say this to me? You two are originally perverted, disgusting gay, I Seeing that you all feel dirty my eyes!"

Qi Chen's face became more and more condensed. He was about to speak, but he was stopped by Su Shi. Then he listened to Su Shi and smiled at Lu Manni. "Miss Lu said that it should be the movie that I and Qi Chen are taking recently. Well, although I know that Miss Lu is kind enough to promote for us, but you are propagating in this way, is it too dedication? And really, we don’t seem to need Miss Lu to dedicate to this level, after all, yours The reputation is already stinking."

"Zhao Qingsong, you don't want to argue any more. You and Qi Chen are simply a pair of disgusting homosexuals. Don't think that you can cover this matter with you!" Lu Manni gritted her Su Shi, a pair of people to eat. The look of a person.

Su Shi heard the words and shrugged his shoulders: "Since you have already said this to the extent, then I can only send you a sentence, you are happy."

At this time, the security guards of the banquet had heard it and smiled and asked about the situation. This time, I didn’t wait for Su Shi’s opening. The vice president of Liu’s entertainment, who was on the lookout, explained first: “It’s the lady’s entanglement, deliberately arbitrarily here. Language, you can invite her out."

"I am telling the truth, why do you treat me like this, you can't do this to me!" Lu Manni was so angry that she was crying out, obviously she was the victim, why should these people do this to her!

However, her appearance seems to be more unreasonable for others. The security is not good for the ladies. She can only walk to her side: "This lady, please come with me."

"I don't go! Why should I leave, it is the two metamorphosis that is right!" Lu Manni screamed hysterically, apparently completely lost her mind.

The people around the celebration party watched it. The security guard was also stunned. He was thinking about whether to do it directly, but he saw a person slowly walked in front of him: "She is not very emotional now, can you let me and She said two sentences?"

The security guard stunned and then politely stepped back two steps.

Su Shi stood in front of Lu Manni, who was nearing collapse. She slowly approached her and lowered her voice. "Lu Manni, look at your present ghost, as a person holding a golden finger, but you have made yourself Don't you feel that you are useless in this kind of end?"

Lu Manni’s eyes were red and bright, staring at Su Shi, and he really...it was the same as himself!

"Hey, don't say anything about things, because even if you say it, others will only think that you are a neuropathy," Su Shi sees Lu Manni shaking his lips and wants to open his mouth. He chuckles his index finger against his lips and scorns. "I told you this at this time, just want to let you know that the gap between rebirth and rebirth is so big. Some people can beat it even if they hold a good hand. Is this probably a kind of skill?"

These words made Lu Manni stiff and the whole person almost collapsed. Her thoughts flashed in various thoughts, and finally only one.

It shouldn't be like this, everything shouldn't be like this!

But why... Why did everything become like this? Why do you fall into such a field? !

Lu Manni wanted to ask questions loudly, but she couldn't find any object that could be questioned, because the road to the endless abyss was all step by step.

"Oh, yes, there is still a sentence I want to say to you," Su Shi appreciated for a moment Lu Manni looked desperate and helpless, like suddenly thinking of something, chuckling, "thanks to the medicine at that time." Otherwise, I still can't catch him. Thank you for fulfilling me and Qi Chen. I will always remember this matter."

After saying this, Su Shi smiled and straightened up, stepped back two steps and stood back to Qi Chen.

Lu Manni’s eyes stared at Su Shi and Qi Chen standing side by side. The mood finally collapsed at this moment. She fell to the ground and cried uncontrollably.

But the heartbreaking voice didn't last long, because the security guard quickly took Lumani out of the party.

After Lu Manni left, Su Shi and Qi Chen also quickly left the banquet. He originally came to see Lu Manni's excitement. Now that he is busy watching it, naturally he should go back.

As for what those who stay in the banquet are thinking about something, it is not a question that Su Shi cares about.

After attending the celebration feast, Su Shi and Qi Chen quickly re-entered into the small freshness of "Lover".

Four months later, "Lover" officially smashed, then the problem came. Although the filming of the film has entered the final stage, it is a homosexual movie. What can we do to make it smooth?

Although Liu Mingzhen was in the process of shooting, all kinds of emotions stirred up, but when it was time to kill, it was inevitable to worry about this matter.

In this regard, Su Shi just calmly waved his hand: "Liu Dao is relieved, I will handle this matter well, and when the film production is completed, the matter for trial is handed over directly to me."

"Since he said this, Liu Dao just said that he was relieved." Qi Chen smiled at the side.

Although Liu Mingzhen still has some concerns, he has not said much.

A month later, "Lover" finally completed the post-production. On the same day, Su Shi sent the film to the trial. The next day, the review results came down.

But unfortunately, the result is not passed.

This result was completely unexpected in Su Shi. He waved his hand and gave the ball a particularly devastating task: "Black out the playback system of all the theaters in the city."

"Hey?!" The ball felt that he was greatly frightened.

“Is there any technical difficulty?” Su Shi took a look at the ball.

There is no technical difficulty, but is it too self-willed? Just because the movie has not been reviewed, it is necessary to black out the movie theaters in the city, but why do you think it feels quite awkward?

The ball swayed for a few laps and finally decided to take over the task. In fact, under Su Shi’s arrogance, it did not have the right to refuse: “I know! But how long will it be black?”

Can't you always black out the theater?

"First black for a week." Su Shi thought for a moment, a little casual to say a time.

Then the cinemas in the city were all hacked in an instant, and the parties didn’t take it all at all, but the people in the theaters were all crazy, and the investors who were also crazy were the movies that were being released. And the little lovers who want to go to the cinema to cultivate their feelings.

A week later, Su Shi sent the film to the trial again and got the same result the next day, not passing.

This time, the cinemas in the province have all been hacked, and there are more and more people who are mad, and all the headlines of the media are reporting this incredible thing.

At this time, some people finally connected this matter to the hacker's head, and Li Hang, the top hacker, finally linked this matter to his own president.

He contacted Su Shi with great enthusiasm and asked about this matter. Su Shi only said one sentence: "I have never intended to accept the apprentice in my life."

Li Hang, who was stunned by the nails and refused, could only go back and silently and silently disappeared. He did not envy others who were handsome and rich, but he envied someone who was handsome and rich. It is better than his professional skills!

It’s just that God is not fair!

After another week, Su Shi sent the film for trial for the third time. The ball was ready to go all out: "Hosting the adults, the whole city and the province are finished. Is this the turn of the country?"

"No, directly to the audit team sent a notice directly, if "Lover" is not overdue, then everyone will not have to make a movie, I think they should know how to choose." Su Shi leaned on the seat, reaching out Some painful waist because of someone.

When I heard this, the ball felt awkward. After I heard that I didn't have to do bad things again, the first reaction of the ball was not a sigh of relief, but it was a little regrettable!

Is it pure and kind, has it been broken by the host of bad fun? QAQ

According to Su Shi’s request, the ball sent an anonymous notice to the audit team. All members of the “Lover” crew immediately accepted the secret investigation, but the results were obvious.

I couldn't find the result, and I was not willing to make concessions on this matter. The people in the audit team finally got their minds on Su Shi, who made Su Shi the only investor in this movie.

However, Su Shi is not very irritating. He directly replied: "As you have the right to review, I also have the right to submit a trial. You cannot deprive me of this right for no reason."

What else can the audit team say? Even if the heart is bitter, only one person can slowly taste.

Although they really don't want to let the film of this subject go through the trial, it is set off as a trivial matter, which is more obvious than the entire film development industry.

Although I always felt that the other party could not have this kind of skill, but after experiencing the hacking of the city's cinemas, and even the hordes of all the cinemas in the province at the same time, no one would dare to play this bet.

So Su Shi sent the "Lover" for the third time, and the result was passed, and passed without any request for any revision.

On the day of the release of "Lover", Su Shi manually raised the literacy rate of "Lovers" in all cinemas nationwide to 100%. In other words, on this day, no matter who goes to the cinema to watch movies, all that is seen will be " Lovers, this movie.

So the same scene happened in every movie theater in China.

Customer [doubt puzzled]: "I want to see the movie released the day before yesterday, but why didn't I see the game?"

Waiter [inside the cow]: "Sorry, today, only the movie "Lover" is available for viewing in our theater, and it is free."

For a time, both in the cinema and on the Internet, the screams of this matter were very high, and all sorts of negative comments were overwhelming. This led directly to the next day, and all the cinemas in the country still had only "lovers." The film of this movie.

Put it until you can't move.

This sentence appeared on the top page of the major forums. Even the scrolling screens in the cinema were floating in such a sloppy word. Everyone saw nothing but words, and there was only a speechless gaze.

In the end, which hacker has the ability to destroy the world, I really want to let go!

After the movie theater played "Lovers" for seven days without interruption, other movies finally squeezed out from the cracks in time and space and returned to the scroll screen of the cinema.

In the past seven days, the discussion on the movie "Lover" has been seen everywhere.

[Take a look "Lover" This is a crazy goblin! ]

The main building: Frankly, at first I refused to watch this rogue movie, but then I went into the theater with somehow, probably because it was free to watch? In short, when I came out of the theater again, I actually cried into a dog, or the kind that I couldn’t stop.

How do you say it? I really don’t object to homosexuality, nor do I advocate it. I don’t usually have much contact, so before the film started, I didn’t even think that I would be crying by this movie, but The fact is, I really still figured out that Tucson broke.

Even though I still think this is a super-hooligan movie at the moment, I have to admit that this film is really very good. I can't pick anything wrong with the plot, the picture, or the actor.

Let me talk about actors first, whether it is a small attack, a small one, or other supporting role, they are all first-class handsome, if not in the cinema, I will definitely not control the screen! ~(≧▽≦)/~ More importantly, the acting of the two protagonists is really great!

Whether it is the ignorance and shyness of the first love, the painful struggle of the time, the tenacity of the struggle, or the mature affection after the reunion, they are all vividly depicted, and people can't help but feel bad for them.

As for the picture, everyone who has been filmed by Liu Mingzhen should have seen it, or the original formula, or the same taste. I won’t say much here.

Next is the most important story. This film is still a small fresh style that Liu Mingzhen has always been, but it is completely different from ordinary youth pain. Everyone knows it. After all, this is a **** movie. .

At first, I thought that watching two big men together, you yelling at me, entangled and entangled, will certainly not adapt, but in fact, I am totally worried.

I saw this movie and I realized that the feelings between the two men can be so beautiful and beautiful. The sweetness in the green, the sadness in the sweetness, the hope of overflowing in grief, but the hope is The reality is overwhelmed, I thought it could only end in vain, but in that crushed feeling, it finally sent out a new bud, and opened the most splendid prosperity.

The suffocation that is clearly hopeful, but because the reality is abrupt, really makes people feel the same.

I will never forget the courage that I have no hope of, but I will continue to persist because I still love you.

At the end of the movie, someone said "I am willing", I seem to understand in an instant why the feelings of same **** can be so beautiful.

Cough~ I wrote such a lyrical comment for the first time. Even I was touched by myself, but I couldn’t help but say that this movie is really very beautiful, and I don’t look absolutely regretful!

In the end, I borrowed a line from "Lover" as the conclusion of this comment, and also gave this sentence to dear you.

[There is nothing special about the emotional things, do not ask you to stand up for support, but ask you to treat each other equally. ]

1L: Sitting on the sofa, I have to say that this movie is really rogue, but I was actually conquered by QAQ!

2L: I have never understood why so many people have such prejudice and hostility towards homosexuality. I only hope that one day this prejudice will disappear completely.

3L: 舔 screen! The actor is really super handsome! My male god is really not ordinary, even if it is a movie in this subject, the acting is also pure, and the other seems to have worked with the goddess before? In short, it’s really good, if you’re in the real world, you know that hope is not big.

4L: At this moment, I once again recalled the fear of being dominated by "Lovers" for a whole week, so even if I have opinions, I dare not say /(ㄒoㄒ)/~~.

5L: From the emperor's big internal manager, to the sweet lover of the president, this is definitely a sublimation of quality! No matter what others say, I support you!

6L: After watching the crying into a dog, I was really touched. I don’t discriminate against homosexuality anymore...

7L: Cry into a dog +1, I hope the two protagonists can continue to cooperate in the future.

8L: Cry into a dog +2, ask who is behind the scenes of this movie for a week? I want to give him a monkey!

9L: Cry into a dog +10086, a movie with a homosexual subject can be judged, and it is still incredible for a week. And I just think it's great to be lucky enough to see it.

......

Probably Su Shi’s move really scared these people. The whole post, there are not a few singers, and occasionally one is still as dark as the 4L, it looks quite pitiful.

For such a result, Su Shi is still satisfied, but also feels gratified that Qi Chen’s IQ has finally risen to 20%.

"Lover" was released for a whole week, and the box office score was 0. This should be regarded as creating a new record. Although he lost a lot of money, Su Shi didn't care at all. After all, his purpose was to talk to Qi Chen from the beginning. The small fresh love on the big screen, although in reality, he was also done by Qi Chen a lot of things that are not small and fresh.

After that, Su Shi and Qi Chen took another suspense movie together. They took the line of the story of the two men and did not talk about love, but even so, Qi Chen took the stills on Weibo. When released, I still abused countless single dogs.

The general manager of the male gods is my sister: "The male god came out again and abused the dog. It is still my favorite honey-flavored dog food. What can I do? I can only do it first!"

The water is split into pairs: "Men, the general manager of your family is so handsome, can you let him open Weibo? We don't ask for anything else, we just want to eat more dog food from another angle."

Walnut Dew: "Ah, ah, a lot more material, thank you! You must be happy!"

......

Qi Chen looked at these comments with a smile. As soon as he saw Su Shi’s wet hair coming out of the bathroom, he put down the tablet and waved him: “Come on, I will help you dry your hair.”

It’s so good to have a good time.

Eight months later, the film was successfully released, and Su Shi and Qi Chen both bought a ticket in a sneak peek, like a pair of ordinary couples to watch their own movies.

Although I did a disguise, the two of them were so handsome, and they were very good. When they came out from the cinema, they were caught by two fans.

But neither of them is the kind of irrational fan. Although I was very excited to see the idol, I also know that if I yell, it will bring trouble to the idol, so I will poke the two feet together: "The goddess You, you, you... are you taking pictures with your house manager?"

Probably because "Hau Gong Song" is the first drama of the two people's cooperation, the CP powder of the two people has always called Su Shi as the "small general manager of the male god family."

Hearing this title, Su Shi’s eartips moved, and I really don’t blame him for being sensitive. It’s really because when he saw this title, he just complained “I’m small” and the result was Qichen. An unreasonable reason is like this.

Qi Chen smiled slightly and took Su Shi’s hand without hesitation: “Yes, he said that he must come to the cinema to see the film he made, and I am a bit helpless.”

Su Shi turned his eyes to the side, and the man’s ability to swear words was almost comparable to himself.

Two fans appeared on the head of a series of pink bubbles, desperately slammed their hands to resist the urge to scream, a pair of sparkling scorpions with an uncontrollable excitement between the two people A circle.

Qi Chen first put the index finger on his lips and then lowered his voice: "Tell you a secret. I have been with Asong for a long time. It is really together."

The two fan gods widened their eyes in a synchronized manner, opened their mouths slightly, and then held their mouths in the circle, too excited, too excited!

For CP powder, I am afraid there is nothing more than a CP that I find in the real world, and even more exciting news!

The two sisters were so excited that their faces were red, and they were all shaking, but they also noticed that they did not bring unnecessary trouble to the two idols. Just after finally calming down, their eyes glared at the two people: "Male god, You can rest assured that we will help you keep this secret, and please be sure to continue to live happily, we will always support you!"

This sentence made Qi Chen think of a sentence. From then on, the prince and the prince lived happily together.

"Thank you, we will always be happy." Qi Chen took Su Shi's shoulder and smiled and responded.

This sentence made the two sisters' papers full of excitement for five minutes. When they returned to God again, the figures of the two idols disappeared.

Girl Paper: "I just wouldn't be dreaming?"

Sister Paper B: "No, I just licked myself a few times, it really hurts, so we really see idols!"

Girl's paper: "..."

Because this movie theater is not far from home, the weather is late, there are not many pedestrians on the road. The two simply walked hand in hand to go home. When they knew that passing a crossroad, they just saw a woman wearing a red miniskirt kneeling. The roadside spits and it seems to affect the mood.

Seeing this person, Su Shi’s gaze flashed a little, because he recognized this glamorous woman Lu Manni.

Su Shi had also learned about Lu Manni before the ball. Soon after the celebration feast, Lu Manni used her own beauty and body to put on a little famous director. She also participated in his shooting. The female match of the TV series was only miserable by the audience every time, and the fame was not rising at all.

Later, she and the director did not know how to be told by the director's wife. As a result, she was stunned by the other side, and she lost her face and lost her only backing.

Since then, Lu Manni has completely fallen, and has been wandering between different men. In the process, she even got together with her former scum boyfriend Wang Yue. The chaos of private life cannot be described in words.

Seeing that Lu Manni had been so miserable, Su Shi was completely relieved.

Qi Chen saw Su Shi’s gaze falling on the woman on the side of the road and manually turned his face to himself: “Is it better?”

Su Shi looked at Qi Chen and saw that he did not seem to recognize Lu Manni, but he just smiled: "The green light, let's go."

The two men took their hands and walked across the zebra crossing. When Qi Chen’s eyes were not noticed, he glanced at Lu Manni, who was still there, with a hint of coldness.

Back home, the ball that had been silent for a whole day suddenly came together when Su Shi was asleep: "Hosting adults, I just monitored Zhao Yuan’s stock of Zhao’s entertainment stock, which is intended to help Zhao Qinglian raise funds. To create a company, it seems that Zhao Yuan is really addicted to Zhao Qinglian."

Su Shi seems to be asleep, but her consciousness is communicating with the ball: "Low price buys all the shares in his hand, and then choose the right time to release the photos that you have collected in your hand. There are any irregularities in their company, and you are bothered to report it."

Zhao Yuan’s sale of stocks is entirely in the expectation of Su Shi. He is a person who regards his rights and status very seriously. He was taken away from Zhao’s entertainment on the same day. He could never Silence goes on.

It’s just that Su Shi does not think that Zhao Yuan chooses to take stocks at this time. It is really a love for Zhao Qinglian. Even in this case, Zhao Qinglian is probably just a piece in the hands of Zhao Yuan. One has no practical ability. He is also obedient to his obedient chess pieces.

Not only can Zhao Qinglian be pushed to the front of the people, let him bear all the risks, but also can be behind the scenes, strategizing, which is indeed in line with Zhao Yuan's personality.

However, from another point of view, Zhao Yuan’s move was smart and clever, and he took the handle to Su Shi’s hand. It’s because Zhao Qinglian stood in front of him, but things are much easier.

As soon as the ball heard this, it suddenly frowned: "I, I, I... I didn't cherish those photos! I am so pure, I haven't read the photos carefully!"

"Well, I believe, you just hide them in the body. This is really not a treasure, but a deep treasure." Su Shi bullied the ball badly.

In this respect, the ball is not an opponent of the hostile host. It can only be shrunk to the corner and cry.

After confessing this task to the ball, Su Shi did not ask Zhao Yuan and Zhao Qinglian to re-enter the performance career of Qi Chen.

In the next two years, the two men collaborated on three film and television works, one spy film, two people one by one; one fairy drama, two men and one teacher; one idol drama, two On the TV, I talked about the romantic love of dog blood.

At this point, Qichen’s IQ has recovered to 60%. It was also at this time that Zhao Yuan and Zhao Qinglian’s company was on the verge of bankruptcy due to tax evasion and the president’s huge lace scandal.

When the company officially declared bankruptcy, Su Shi suddenly received a reminder that the branch task was completed, and his system currency also increased from 0 to 1000 points.

"What are you thinking about?" Qi Chen came over with a cup of milk and placed it in front of Su Shi.

Su Shi raised his head and grinned at him. "I wonder, should we come out to the world?"

In the past two years, no matter what the occasion, the two have not had any shun, so the relationship between the two is already semi-open.

But since the lover said this, Qi Chen naturally supported it. He extended his hand to Su Shi: "It is indeed time to do this, give me the handle."

Su Shi handed his hand to Qi Chen's palm. Two hands with the same ring were handed over, and Qi Chen adjusted the angle and fixed the scene.

"If you use this picture, what should I send?" Because of the strong demands of fans, Su Shi opened Weibo a long time ago.

Qi Chen just wants to say that they can share a photo, Su Shi has already come together, "Well," a kiss on Qi Chen's face, so Qi Chen's slightly strange expression, and Su Shi with a bad smile on the face This was recorded together.

Take a good photo and log in to Weibo and post the information.

Qi Chen V: I seem to like you a bit, are you willing to be with me? 【image]

Zhao Qingsong V: I am willing. 【image]

The content of Weibo borrowed the lines from "Lover", and the release time of the two Weibos was 5 minutes and 21 seconds, which is a good number.

As soon as the two Weibos were released, they quickly attracted the mourning of many single dogs. In just ten minutes, the comments on the two Weibos exceeded 100,000, and the forwarding volume was also scary.

But at this time, Su Shi obviously had no thoughts on this, because he had already been named by Qi Chen to celebrate the world and went to the bedroom.

In this world, Su Shi was extremely miserable, because he spent nearly half of his time in back pain. For this reason, he has been trying to fight with Qi Chen, but the number of successes has been hovering at the number of 0.

At the age of 30, Qi Chen completed the main task and won the reward of 2000 IQ points. Qi Chen’s IQ has finally recovered 100%, although there is no difference before and after the recovery, including his desire for Su Shi. degree.

At the age of 88, Su Shi is almost ready to go, Qi Chen’s life is about to come to an end.

On the last day of his life, Su Shi took Qichen to the long-abandoned villa, and under the shocked eyes of the other side, he shook a pair of dry hands and opened all the rooms in the villa.

"You... cough..." Qi Chen just coughed as soon as he opened his mouth.

Su Shi was busy helping him caress his back, with a clear smile: "You don't worry, there is something to say slowly, we still have a lot of time."

There is indeed a lot of time in their lives, even if this life is about to end, they have the next life, the next life...

"How do you know... here?" Qi Chen intermittently asked the doubts in his heart.

"Have you forgotten the dreams I made? In addition to dreaming of our past lives, I dreamed that you stood alone in this villa, and slowly looked at these things, it seemed to be very lonely," Su Shi The sound is actually intermittent, just a little better than Qi Chen. "I was thinking at the time, obviously I am not far away, why do you want to stare at them? Should I still look better?"

Said, Su Shi also very innocently blinked at Qi Chen, 88 years old, he has long been young and handsome, but Qi Chen looked, but only think this is the best person in the world.

"You'd better see it, of course, you'd better watch it." Qi Chen's action was difficult to hold Su Shi's hand, but he could not make any effort.

Su Shi took his hand and continued to smile: "So you, don't be so stupid in your next life, don't make this useless thing, you just have to find me."

"Yes, I will find you..." Qi Chen slowly closed his eyes and responded weakly.

"Even if you don't have enough IQ, you can't find me, don't be afraid, because I am very smart, I will find you, so..." Su Shi bowed his head and glanced at Qichen's serene face with a smile. Breathing out slowly, "You have to wait patiently in the next world."

In the second world, Su Shi passed away at the age of 88. This time he walked behind his lover.



Arc 3: Spreading IQ For The Lonely Emperor

 Looking at himself and his lover from another angle, Su Shi felt a little sad and lost. He took a deep breath and turned to look at the ball: "The ball, the next world chooses a simple ancient background. , what are the options?"

The ball looked at the host with concern, slowly drifting over and putting out the options. There were three options, the ancient house, the ancient court, and the ancient farming.

Su Shi chose the second, ancient court, according to the attributes of his Sususu.

Immediately, the ball put out the optional branch task in the ancient court background, there are two.

Option A: The lady who was killed by the female lord.

Option B: The inner manager who was killed by the female owner.

"..." Looking at the two options in front of him, Su Shi felt that the sadness in her heart was completely dissipated. Instead, it was a thick sense of mess. "The ball, I have a mother selling the batch, I don't know. When you talk about it?"

"The host is asking for it!" The ball was also forced for a moment, then immediately hugged away. "I don't know why the squad task only has these two options, but... but the squad task is the same as the main line task. The system is based on the background and plot of the mission world, and the results obtained through extremely complicated calculations are absolutely the best choice. Please trust the host to believe me!"

"...hehe." How do you want to break the tear system?

When a woman is still an eunuch, this is a question worth considering, but maybe I should go back to the real world directly?

The ball is also very worried that its own host will run directly under the temper, and openly said: "The host is still waiting for you, if you are not, you will be the poorest mental retardation in the world."

Su Shi took a look at the ball with a gaze of the dead, and scared it to spin up quickly. The whole body was flashing with gray light, and the host was terrible ying ying ying  QAQ!

Although there is indeed an impulse to go back to reality, but I think of my previous commitment to align Chen, in order not to let the other party wait too long, Su Shi sighed and finally chose option B.

As a man, being a **** is better than being a woman who is directly transformed into a woman. Su Shi can only comfort himself.

After making the choice, the ball that was shocked by Su Shi immediately shoved Su Shi into the third mission world, and transmitted the original story of the third world and the side mission into Su Shi’s mind. in.

But before Su Shi successfully accepted the plot, he listened to a voice with unpleasant majesty in his ear: "Small straight, what are you doing? Didn't you hear anything?"

Su Shi raised her head consciously, and then she looked at the handsome face with a knife on her face. This man wore a jade crown, dressed in a dark red embroidered dragon uniform, and a pair of black satin boots. Look at this dress, not a male. Who can the Lord be?

Four eyes are opposite, Su Shi has a moment of embarrassment.

The ball quickly reminded me: "Hosted adults, although this is indeed your man is right, but his IQ is still zero, so look directly at the emperor, but in this dynasty, the sin of the murder!"

Su Shi instantly returned to God and lowered his head again: "The slaves were only mad at the moment, and this inadvertently offended the emperor, and asked the emperor to forgive."

Cognac also woke up from the shackles of a moment, and was looked at by a slave with such a gaze. He didn't feel annoyed: "But that's the case, you don't have to follow."

After all, he rushed to the temple and hurriedly walked outside the hall. He followed a bunch of people behind him.

Su Shi bent down in a symbolic way: "The slaves congratulate the emperor."

After leaving to dry up, Su Shi walked to the original residence under the guidance of the ball. On the way, he asked the ball: "What dynasty is this? Even the direct view of the emperor is a big crime of decapitation."

The lover became a high emperor, but he was a slave. Even the confrontation of the other party was unruly. Su Shi silently compared the **** in his heart.

"This is an overhead dynasty. The rules are set by the creators and are not subject to any limitations. This has been mentioned in the original story." The ball answered truthfully and added his opinion by the way. "I guess because the creators know With limited knowledge, the world created may have many bugs, and I am worried about being vomited. Therefore, I have specifically pointed out such a statement."

"..." Su Shi actually felt a bit speechless.

"Hosted adults, the front is the residence of the original master." The light spot on the ball is concentrated in one direction, probably because of the internal manager, the original owner has an independent small courtyard, and is near the emperor's palace. Although it looks a bit shabby, it is at least perfect.

Su Shi pushed the door into the yard. After a little look, he went straight into the house and then inserted the door. However, he did not directly start receiving the original plot and the memory of the original owner. Instead, he opened the parcel and glanced at it.

There is still only one thing in the big package, the world is fragmented, and it is still one. It seems that it is no different from the previous one. Only when you look carefully, it will find that its light seems to be a little stronger.

"From this point of view, Qi Chen and Chu Yu Yan are really the same soul." The arc of the ball reflects the conclusion very long.

Su Shi just fainted the IQ and the man's almost equal level of the ball, closed the package, began to accept the story of the world, and the memory of the original Lord.

The world's plot line is very simple, but the man's end is the worst. The two mission worlds, although one is happy, one is wearing a green hat, but at least they are still alive.

But in this world story, the man was condemned by a man at the age of twenty-two, and a cup of poisoned wine was a lifetime.

And all this is because the female owner Qin Yiran, as well as her bamboo horse lover, the male lord's brother, seven princes.

The male main body is a generation of emperors, and he is a very good emperor. However, he is a seed of infatuation in his feelings. Since he was 18 years old, he loved her at the sight of Qin Yiran, the daughter of the Book of Rites, and she kept her body as jade, even if it was After the succession, he did not choose to lead the show.

However, the female lord Qin Yiran and the seven princes are cautious and sweet, and they have no guesses. When they are young, they will live each other for the rest of their lives.

The man is not a tyrant. After learning about it, he also let go of his own mourning and put all his thoughts on the rule of the country. If this is the case, he will at most become an unaccompanied person. Lonely emperor, but how can the plot easily let him go?

When the female host was sixteen years old, she suddenly invited herself into the palace. After learning about the incident, the affectionate male master of the female host was naturally able to answer the question without saying anything. She thought that she would finally be favored by the beautiful woman and could share a good relationship. It’s just a huge plot from beginning to end!

After the female lord entered the palace, the attitude towards the male lord was very cold. Even the touch was not allowed to touch. Although the male lord was very hurt, but because he loved the female lord, he never forced it. Instead, he endured tolerance and honoured. Everything was sent to the woman, only to laugh at the Bojia people.

But the thoughts of the female lords are all in their own bamboo horse lovers. The reason why they enter the palace is to help their lover to complete their lifelong wishes. The gentle and considerate nature of the male lord is all indifferent, and even more disgusting and disgusting to the male lord. I want people to fan her a few palms and fan her out of the palace.

However, the man is always in love with her. No matter what the other party does, he chooses to be considerate and considerate. The infatuation makes people want to fan him a few times and wake him up.

This situation has been maintained for two years. Two years later, the cautious and female host who had already deployed well should be outside, and a glass of poisoned wine poisoned the male owner, and then successfully boarded the throne, and the female owner also wished to work with the horse. Lovers look forward to each other.

The story ends and the flowers are scattered.

After Su Shi read the story of the world, the whole person was shocked: "This kind of man, can you be considered a man?"

A man who only lived to 22 years old and did not happen to the woman, can you really be a man? Is this more like a cannon fodder?

"Yeah, in the original plot, Cognac is really the man," the ball replied with a sway, thought about it, and added a explanation. "In fact, it is not a man, not just watching the show, and how to play." Because nowadays many worlds are playing the role of men's matchovers, and the original male owner is still wearing the identity of 'male master', which is actually almost the same as cannon fodder."

Su Shi nodded and looked at the main task.

Main line task: Personally let the male owner flop the brand 50 times, each time the brand is turned over, restore the male IQ 2%.

Seeing the content of such a main line task, Su Shi’s forehead’s blue veins are bursting out. If there is no relationship between him and the man, the content of this task is not too much. At most, it seems cumbersome, but the man is My own lover!

Letting your own lover turn over someone else's brand, does this mean that you are actively asking the other party to derail?

Given such task content, is this really a unified officer?

"The ball, you come, I promise to kill you directly." Su Shi slowly narrowed his eyes and bowed to the same ball that was equally aggressive. In this world, the original Lord’s appearance was very delicate, but probably made too The reason for the long **** made the original Lord's appearance slightly feminine.

This appearance is matched with Su Shi’s gloomy eyes at this time, scaring the ball almost direct data disorder: “Susu and Suspension... Hosting adults! I really don’t know what is going on! Although the mission information is released by me Come out, but the task content is really not my sure! Hosting adults, you must believe me, I am really innocent! QAQ"

Su Shi closed her eyes and frowned, but she did not intend to settle the ball with the ball. All kinds of signs have shown that although the ball is bearing the system name of [I am the protagonist of intelligence,] many things are really not that it can decide and changed.

"Forget it, first forgive you this time," Su Shi waved his hand and asked some questions with enthusiasm. "Where is the plot going?"

The ball was as big as a big one, and immediately ran to check the timeline, then the whole ball was not good, why did they just wear this time point?

"What's wrong?" Su Shi sharply opened his eyes and looked at the ball that was shrinking.

In the heart of the ball, I want to cry without tears, but I dare not answer it. I can only hesitate and say: "Today... today is the day when the woman is in the palace."





 "So I just went to the female lord?" Su Shi’s eyes jerked, and the whole body slowly dissipated a black gas with a gloomy atmosphere.

The ball was shocked and almost stunned. "The host is an adult, you must be calm! Although today is the day when the woman is in the palace, although the man is actually there, but there is nothing between them. It will happen!"

The cherished lover came to other people, but turned into a hot face and a cold ass. Su Shi was not comforted by the ball, but the blackness of his body was even stronger.

The ball shivered and shivered in the corner, completely afraid to get close to the host that seemed to be on the verge of blackening, but after a few minutes, it saw that its own host miraculously returned to normal, and even a hang on the face Looks like a bleak smile.

The host seems to be back to normal, but why do you feel more afraid? QAQ

Su Shi did not take care of the ball that was scared, and smiled and received the memory of the original master, as well as the content of the branch task.

The head of the big inner manager, Han Shun, entered the palace at the age of six and had been serving with the man. When the man was enthroned at the age of 22, Han Shun was promoted to the general manager.

As a native and a native of slavery, Han Shun's goal in life is to serve the man. It is no exaggeration to say that the man is his God. Whoever dares to disrespect the man, he dares to fight with the man.

Therefore, when the female lord entered the palace, Han Shun would be dissatisfied because of the female host’s bad attitude towards the male actor. Several times he secretly rectified the other party, which was hated by the female lord, and through some small means, separated from the male lord. The relationship with Hanshun.

As an authentic and indigenous emperor, even if Han Shun knows his loyalty to himself, but after all, the master and the servant are different, not to mention that Han Shun is also a man who loves the lord, so the woman is only a little means, Han Shun, who was a slave, stepped on his feet and could no longer turn over.

Han Shun's final end is the loss of the trust of the man, and in the calculation of the woman's master, the next person died in his own small courtyard.

Although this life experience was miserable, he did not let Su Shi be the embarrassed. Until he saw the content of the branch task, he finally picked up his eyebrows.

Based on such a life experience, the content of the squad task is still dedicated to help the master, so that it is free from being deceived by the villain?

Oh, what the words say, poor people, there must be hateful things, this sentence really makes sense.

If the person who has such a master is Su Shi, he will definitely hesitate to open the other side without hesitation. Where is the coolness of the place, he will never ignore the content of the task, but since the other party is very abominable, IQ is arrears, but it is his own lover, Su Shi temporarily chose to endure.

But when it comes out, it always has to be paid back. He is very much looking forward to the day when he will pay his debts.

Thinking of this, Su Shi’s mouth slowly evoked a meaningful smile, and he was seen by the ball that was scared by his own host. He immediately went to sleep directly.

When the sun rises tomorrow, I hope that I can see a truly normal host. Before the dormant, the ball prays like this.

But when it woke up from sleep the next day, it was found that there was a heavy rain outside. Looking at the situation, it seemed that the rain would not stop for a while.

I couldn't see the sun's ball carefully and slammed into my own host. The mood suddenly became as gloomy as the weather outside. Why didn't the host still change back? ! QAQ

"The ball, come over." Su Shi smiled and hooked his finger toward the ball.

The ball fluttered uncomfortably, but I dare not rely too close: "Host owner, what do you have to order?"

“Where is Cognac?” Su Shi asked with a smile.

After looking at the ball, I replied truthfully: "The man is now in the morning, and it will end soon after a quarter of an hour. After that, the man should go directly to the woman."

This is the speculation given by the development of the original plot. On the second day after the female lord entered the palace, the male lord hurried to the female lord in the early morning, but was stopped by the female host on the grounds of rest. In the end, I can only leave with a bleak look.

Su Shi, who had just finished using breakfast, gracefully picked up the cloth towel and wiped the corner of his mouth. Shi Shiran got up and walked outside. He opened the door and saw the little **** who was at the door. He said: "The previous emperor called Shang Yijian. The new dress prepared by the new girl who entered the palace should be ready. Let people take it. I personally sent it to the goddess."

The little **** was ordered to retreat, and Su Shi stood under the porch, quietly watching the torrential rain that fell to the ground like a bead curtain. The ball was accompanied by a character, and even a character could not spit it out.

When the people in the clothing supervisors came over with clothes, Su Shi looked at his eyes roughly, and then took the clothes and went to the palace where Qin Yiran lived in the hand-to-hand veranda.

Yiranju is a palace specially built to welcome Qin Yiran into the palace. It is close to the dry palace and is comparable to the small courtyard of Su Shi.

But it was such a short period of time. Su Shi actually stopped and used it for nearly a quarter of an hour. The rain was very big, and the little raindrops splashed on Su Shi’s clothes, adding a bit of desolateness.

Finally came to Yiranju, Su Shi personally held a thick new clothes to see Qin Yiran, because the name is good, Qin Yiran did not make the **** disappear, Su Shi bowed his waist and put the clothes into the palace.

A young woman dressed in a lake with a flower makeup scorpion sits on the main seat, her face is light and her eyes are deserted. When she sees Su Shi, she just looks cold and cold: "Let the clothes fall, you will step back."

Su Shi bowed his head in a respectful manner, confirming that the emperor had already arrived here, and began to smile with a smile: "The Niangniang Jinan, these sets of clothes, but the emperor specially ordered the Shangyi prison before the maiden entered the palace, Even the styles and colors are set by the emperor personally. I am anxious to ask the maiden to get on the upper body. If there is anything wrong, it is also called Shangyijian as soon as possible, which will not disappoint the empress of the empress."

When I heard this, Qin Yiran’s face was colder, and the middle of it was a faint flash of disgust: “The matter of this palace, not to worry about the public, you still have to go back and serve your good master!”

"The niece is relieved. When the emperor was alone, the slaves naturally had to accompany the two sides. But now the niece has entered the palace, and the emperor has finally had more people. The slaves are not ignorant. The emperor and the maiden are going together, that is the sin to die," Su Shi said with a smile, Yu Guang has already seen the figure standing by the window. "The slave is only looking forward to the emperor and the future. The niece can live a beautiful life with the United States. If this is the case, it is the slave who died, and there is no regret."

These words are true and sincere, but Qin Yiran listened, but only felt that the heart was blocked. Her sweetheart was obviously cautious, and how could she live a life with cognac and beauty?

Even if this person is a high emperor, she can never be forced to submit it!

When I think that I am in the deep palace, I can not only see my sweetheart, but I have to cope with the hypocrisy and the snake every day. Qin Yiran feels sick and wants to vomit: "Stop! You are a low-ranking slave, who is here for you." What is the matter of the master?"

Su Shi had a moment of horror, but if he wanted to kneel down on this person, he could never do it. Therefore, he could only bow as far as possible: "The slave is dull, but I don't know what it is wrong to say, annoyed the goddess, and asked the goddess to correct me, and the slaves must be changed before the change."

This is what Qin Yiran asked, and she hated it in her heart. Naturally, she felt that Su Shi’s words were heart-wrenching, but if she really wanted to say it, it would seem a bit unreasonable.

But how can a master, really, be asked by a slave? Qin Yiran immediately raised his brow and screamed: "This palace says that you are wrong, you are wrong. Is it wrong for this palace to blame you?"

Qin Yiran’s words are all about this, and what can Su Shi still do? You are the master, you are awkward.

Then I used the lingering light to look out the window, and the figure was still there, but how did he arrive at this time, he still did not show up? Do you have to wait until you can give Qin Yiran a break?

This is not acting, if it is embarrassing, then it is really awkward.

Su Shizheng is entangled directly in the following crimes, deepen the contradiction, or pretend to find the figure of cognac, manually pull him into the plot, and see the cognac figure finally moved.

However, he did not take the initiative to appear as Su Shi wished, but turned around and left quietly.

Su Shi sighed a little, and then couldn't help but burst into a swearing mouth in his heart. When he met such a lover without IQ, could he choose to let the other dog take it?

Say what makes the lover not to be stupid again in the next life, the result is that Su Shi gave himself a Flag, and this Flag is now being realized.

For the first time, Su Shi deeply realized the taste of the heart, but the ball that had been watching the side had already smiled quietly. The first time I saw the host eating it, why would there be a feeling of being happy?

Qin Yiran saw Su Shi’s appearance as a man, and impatiently said: "Do you want to be a slave?"

Su Shi, who had just been played by her lover, had no intention to continue to be a slave in front of the woman. Now she just looked at her coldly and turned and left.

The female lord was shocked by this eye, and was angry. It was a slave who was shocked. How could there be such a look? The anger is, a slave, and why do you look at yourself with such a look?

Under the anger of the woman, she directly called Su Shi to stop him. He screamed: "You are a slave, you have rebelled against the palace, but you are not sure if you are wrong. Do you really take yourself as the master?"

Su Shi just bowed his head and didn't talk. This ball couldn't be laughed at. The host should be so cool, but the timing is wrong. In this world of complete feudal society, the host is completely Find the rhythm of death!

"Hosting adults, I guess you may suffer from flesh and blood in the future. Do you want to redeem a penalty-free item now? Class F is free of penalty points and only requires 1 IQ point, or 10 system coins!" The ball is responsible for recommending the props in the mall.

Su Shi heard the words but only sneered, and then lifted up and directly said to Qin Yiran: "The niece said that it is indeed a slave who is wrong. So, the maiden will punish the slave before standing in the rain outside?"





 Once again, a slave was so rudely and directly looked at him. Qin Yiran’s face was changed: “Bold slaves, you dare to commit the following, come and kill the **** slaves!”

When the words came out, two eunuchs came forward and left the right to hold Su Shi. The ball was in a hurry and turned around. As a party, Su Shi looked rather calm, and it was simply an **** who was not in a hurry. .

"The maiden is angry, I don't know if the slave can only say a few words before the niece disposes of the minion?" Su Shi slowly spoke openly, and seemed to have not looked at his own two.

Qin Yiran was so angry that he didn't want to listen to Su Shi's words. He was about to block his mouth and drag it out directly, but he was pulled by his close-fitting niece.

This pull finally reluctantly brought Qin Yiran's reason a little back. Although she is very clear about her obsession with her, Xiao Shunzi is the one who served him since childhood. If he is carrying the cognac, he will directly When people dispose of it, even if they find a reason afterwards, it is difficult to prevent them from being dissatisfied with themselves.

Thinking of this, Qin Yiran was annoyed in his heart, but he had to temporarily suppress his heart's anger. He stunned Su Shi with a sigh of relief: "Look at the service you served on the emperor, this palace will give you this opportunity. ""

Su Shi’s heart was full of laughter, and Qin Yiran’s heart was full of disgust and cognac. However, he knew it was clear that he needed to find a step down now, but he remembered the cognac.

His lover has been so disgusted, but his lover clearly knows this, but he still rushes forward, just thinking Su Shi feels itchy.

Su Shi lowered her head and said with some malicious intent: "The slaves just think that even if the goddess really wants to dispose of the slaves, they must always let the slaves go back to the emperor. The slaves are with the emperor since childhood, and when they go out are emperors. I personally promised that this time I will not be able to continue to serve the emperor afterwards. Naturally, I should be screaming at the emperor."

This is a good word. It can be heard in Qin Yiran’s ear, but it’s a threat of swaying, but she just entered the palace. Now it’s really not easy to directly pass the cognac to kill this person, and I can only silently remember this person’s guilt in my heart. Wait until later and then slowly calculate.

Obviously, it is a taboo in the heart, and I have to choose to give in. Qin Yiran still has to put on a pair of cold face: "Since the emperor is mentioned, this palace really should be called the emperor to know how this slave is the following, to rebel against this palace. So, let him personally dispose of you!"

To cope with his own obsessiveness, as long as he speaks, he will certainly listen to himself, and kill this wicked dog slave directly!

"The slaves waited for the emperor to personally fall down." Su Shi took a punch, and if he could really get confused to this extent, he really didn't mind tying the other person directly to the bed to tune it, even though he is now It has become a veritable true eunuch.

"You are not saying that you want to go out to rain? Then go out and squat." Qin Yiran looked at Su Shi with his chin in his eyes, even if I can't directly kill you now? You still have to let me be at the mercy!

Su Shi smiled slightly: "The maiden's memory may not be very good. The slaves only said that it was an hour to go to the rain. It wasn't awkward. Since the maiden answered, the slave would go out and take the penalty."

After all, Su Shi directly opened the two of him and turned to go into the rain.

Qin Yiran endured and endured, but did not ask anyone to sued Su Shi again. Yue Hong saw his way to appease Qin Yiran: "The goddess is suffocating, and the dog slave is just squatting with the emperor." I forgot that I had a few pounds and a few pounds, and I was so arrogant that when I came to the emperor, the goddess only had to tell the emperor the truth, and the emperor would help the girl to have this bad smell."

Qin Yiran was a little embarrassed and frowned: "The palace does not want to see that person."

Moon Red couldn't help but sigh in his heart. The soft voice advised: "What is the thought in the heart of the girl, naturally no one can control, but now that the maiden has entered the palace, it should always be with the emperor..."

Qin Yiran did not wait for her to finish her words and interrupted her, but also gave her a cold look: "The matter of this palace, you do not need to talk."

Moon Red quickly pleaded guilty, Qin Yiran sighed, raised her hand and called her up, sighed with a bit of loneliness: "This palace also knows how you think, but also in this palace, but that How can a man be worthy of the smile of this palace?"

Moon red eyes down, no more dare to say more.

However, from the time when Su Shi entered the rain, the ball has been worried about it: "Hosting adults, although the rain is much lighter than other punishments in the palace, but an hour is not a joke. Are you sure you want to toss yourself this way? I still think that you are better off redeeming a penalty-free item in the mall, so you can skip the rain process or avoid the discomfort and injury caused by your body. Really don't think about it?"

The rain outside was too big. In an instant, Su Shi had been drenched and drenched. Several hair strands were poured down by the rain and stuck to the face, showing a somewhat fragile taste.

At this moment, he leaned his head slightly, his eyes closed, and he looked like he was thinking quietly. He also rarely ignored the noise of the ball.

The ball has been talking for a long time, and he has not seen Su Shi’s half-sentence. He can only helplessly close his mouth, but he still has some concerns about Su Shi’s situation. He is thinking about whether he wants to help his own host to exchange props. See a group of people coming from afar.

When the ball is fixed, I can't help but exclaim: "The host is the man, the man is coming!"

Su Shi’s eyelashes fluttered slightly, but they didn’t open their eyes, and they didn’t even have any other movements, as if they hadn’t heard anything.

The cognac was sent by Qin Yiran, and he saw the figure standing alone in the rain. In the heavy rain, the figure was extraordinarily thin, as if the next moment would be Under the impact of heavy rain, it could not fall down.

For a moment, his heart trembled inexplicably, it was a feeling of distress to heart.

But it was only a moment. Cognac quickly recovered and looked away from the slave who had followed him for many years. He came here to see Qin Yiran, not for Xiaoshun.

However, as the distance between the two people gets closer and closer, the dry heart can't help but jump quickly. It is a kind of experience he has never experienced before. It seems that something is about to break out, but it is thick. The soil is pressed down in general.

A little depressed, a bit irritating, and a little confused.

How could he have such an emotion for Xiao Shunzi? After being shocked and shocked, he instantly returned to the gods and quickly smashed all the emotions that rose in his mind, and subconsciously rubbed his fists from Su Shi.

However, at the moment when the two men passed by, Su Shi suddenly opened his throat and quickly stood sideways in front of the cognac: "The emperor, the slave has a word, and daring to say to the emperor."

The dry, deep eyes swept over Su Shi's soaked body and eventually landed on his pale face: "Say."

"The slave is just asking the emperor, is there something that really deserves to be deceived by you?" Su Shi’s eyes with a bit of mourning fell straight on the dry face, and he was looking into his dark, dark scorpion. However, the four eyes are only a moment, Su Shi immediately hangs down his throat and bows his head. "The words of the minions are finished, please go to the emperor to do what you want to do."

The mood of cognac became more and more complicated. He thought that Xiaoshun had stopped himself before he saw Qin Yiran. He wanted to complain to himself and let him be the master of him. He did not expect him to say such things to himself. Come.

Su Shi’s words seem to be a bit boring, but Cognac knows the purpose of this statement. Is it true that he has already thought about his own thoughts?

These words are clearly overstepped, but they did not feel annoyed when they listened, but their minds inexplicably gave birth to a sorrowful taste. He looked down at Su Shi, who was standing down, and took a deep breath. Lift your foot and go on.

The complex emotions just now have not been interrupted because of the other party’s words, but have become even more powerful.

The dry face is the same, but the heart is trying to adjust the mood. For the first time, someone can easily fluctuate his emotions. The person is actually following the little straight around him. It feels like doing it. Some subtle.

Until I walked into Yiranju, the mood of cognac was still very complicated. Even if I saw Qin Yiran, this mood could not be completely abandoned.

"The emperor is coming." Qin Yiran stood up and sneaked into the ceremony, then sat back again.

I didn’t care about it. After sitting down next to Qin Yiran, I asked straightforwardly: "When you send someone to scream, what is it for?"

Qin Yiran called the cognac, naturally for the purpose of rectifying Su Shi, but she did not want to succumb to her identity and a slave, and gave her a red eye.

Moon red stepped forward and was about to squat back, but he saw that he had waved his hand: "What do you say directly, why do you want a person to speak for you?"

The action of Moon Red was stiff, and Qin Yiran was also somewhat surprised to see the cognac, and his face was a little bit unhappy.

But since Cognac has said this, Qin Yiran has to wave his hand to ask Yuehong to retire, with a high-pitched tone: "The emperor, knowing that he first entered the palace, people are light, but they should not let a slave Is it frivolous? I know that Xiaoshun is the old man next to the emperor, but is it really necessary for the emperor to be so humiliated?"

After saying this, Qin Yiran took the shelf and waited for the cognac to appease himself, and then punished Xiaoshun’s slave, but she waited for a moment and didn’t even hear the dry mouth, or What kind of action can only be carried forward, but it is facing the other side of the bottomless scorpion.

Qin Yiran's heart couldn't help but screamed and added a bit of anger. She couldn't help but bite her teeth: "Is it true that the emperor is not convinced? If the emperor really does not believe in the whole body, why bother to let him enter the palace? So, it’s better to leave the palace than to do it!"

After all, Qin Yiran seems to have suffered a great grievance, and turned his head away.

Although he was silent, his mood was not calm at the moment. He actually knew that Qin Yiran’s heart was not here, but after all, Qin Yiran’s personal introduction was The cognac was holding a few lucky feelings and did not investigate the matter carefully.

He is thinking, since Qin Yiran is willing to enter the palace, and the two will get along with each other in the future, Qin Yiran’s heart will gradually fall on his own body, but now it seems that he may have been wrong from the beginning.

Since Qin Yiran’s heart is not on his own from the beginning, even if he is more tolerant, I am afraid that it will only be a heart that falls on others.

I want to be clear about this embarrassment. The first thing that came to mind in the dry mind was that Xiao Shunzi’s pale face, which was wet with rain and sticky hair, and when he looked at himself, was full of grief. look.

The instigation that had just been suppressed was once again emerged, so that Cognac felt that he was probably a konjac.





 Dry and reluctantly pressed down such weird thoughts and turned to look at Qin Yiran, but I don’t know why, looking at the woman who was seen as a life by herself, she couldn’t understand what she was thinking. .

Ming knows that Qin Yiran’s heart is not his own, but he has always been deeply impressed with her.

Ming knows that Qin Yiran’s self-invitation into the palace is not because he is happy with himself, but he also deceives her into the palace.

Ming knows that all this will not have a result at all, but he is obsessed with obsessiveness, even for her, and is not like her own temper.

More importantly, he is now completely ignorant of the woman's good place, and it is worthy of his retreat and tolerance to such a point?

He closed his eyes and closed his eyes. He only thought that all the loves of Qin Yiran were like a yellow dream. Until then, he suddenly woke up and woke up to realize how ridiculous it was.

On the other side, Qin Yiran still plays with a small temper, waiting to dry up and whisper in the past to appease her, she will be able to put her foot on the shelf, and by the way, the dog will be rectified!

However, Qin Yiran waited for a while, but he only waited for a cold words: "If you are not willing to accompany me, why did you want to enter the palace before?"

Qin Yiran took a moment, and it was only vaguely aware that the attitude of cognac treating himself seemed to be not quite right. Could it be that he had to deal with Xiaoshun by himself, and he would have to be angry with himself?

Thinking of this, Qin Yiran’s heart couldn’t help but raise a bit of anger. Didn’t this person still show a sense of tolerance and tolerance? Now that he is just a small punishment for an irrelevant minion, he has to give himself a face, what kind of qualification does such a man have to get his true heart?

Qin Yiran was annoyed and bitterly biting his lip. He also looked at his chin with a cold look: "After entering the palace, but the emperor has already begun to dislike the whole body? The following sins, do not put your body in your eyes, just a little punishment, what is wrong with it? In the end, it is still the emperor's eccentric slave, not to be in the eyes!"

After listening to Qin Yiran’s remarks, I felt that I had been blinded before, and I would like to have a deep affection for such a woman. He really didn’t want to continue to listen to Qin Yiran’s saying that these things were right and wrong, and that she showed such a superior attitude. Simply stand up and come up: "If you want to go out of the palace, just say it to your peers, you will never stop you."

After all, I didn’t see Qin Yiran’s face filled with erroneous faces, and walked away with a big step. Qin Yiran’s shock, he’s subconsciously wanting to stop cognac, but he’s really not able to pull it down, he can only be wronged. Biting the lower lip, his eyes with a deep disgust, accused of looking at the back of the dry.

How can he... how can he treat himself like this! This time, you must not forgive him easily, even if he asks for himself!

After drying out of Yiran, he did not rush to leave, but stood under the porch and looked at the singular figure that stood still in the rainstorm as if he would fall at any time.

Whenever his own eyes fall on the other side, cognac will give birth to an impulse to pull the other person into his arms and shelter him from the wind and rain. But as a king of a country, how can he produce this for a slave? Thoughts?

This is absolutely impossible!

Cognac can only slam the fists over and over again, so that he can barely suppress this rushing impulse. He knows that he should not continue to stand here, but his eyes seem to be stuck by that person. In any case, it cannot be moved.

Dry and secretly stunned that this sudden change of self-satisfaction caused by Xiao Shunzi, while feeling that this feeling suddenly came, turbulent, unreasonable, it is really hateful.

In any case, I don’t want to understand, and Xiao Shunzi has been following him for many years, but why would he suddenly have such a strong incitement to him?

But even if you don't understand this, at least you still know that you should never move anything that you shouldn't have. If you think about it, you have to work hard to tear your eyes away from Su Shi. However, I saw that the thin figure standing in the torrential rain suddenly shook, and then slowly fell backwards.

At this moment, the cognac action responded to the thinking. He even couldn't take care of his identity. He just rushed into the rain and held the man in his arms before Su Shi completely fell.

At the moment when people are held in their arms, Cognac only feels a strong sense of satisfaction in the moment, and this satisfaction is even stronger and more fierce than when he was on the throne, when he was sitting on the river, it shocked his chest. Some have a pain.

If you can hold him like this all the time, the thoughts of the mind are almost subconsciously, but he quickly reawakened, and he was shocked that he had just produced such a terrible thought. Also more worried.

He looked down at the white-faced face of the person in his arms, and the eyes that were closed, and the mood was instantly irritated and confusing. Even if he was in a state of waking, he would not care about the other, and he would He hurriedly hurried up and walked quickly to his bedroom. He looked down at the attendant who was holding his umbrella and said: "Quickly pass the doctor!"

When Su Shi was awake again, it was already a whole day, and he had already returned to his small courtyard. Su said a few times, and when he was clear-eyed, he looked out and saw the outside dark. It’s heavy, like it’s still not clear.

His gaze swept his head in the room again, and he saw a little **** who was lying on his couch and bowing his head and sleeping. The original owner’s yard only lived with him alone. This person should be sent to look after him. his.

After figuring out his condition, Su Shi closed his eyes again and summoned the ball in his mind. The ball instantly woke up from dormancy, squatting over Su Shi’s head, worried about the authenticity: “Hosting adults, you finally wake up. How do you feel now? Is there anything uncomfortable?"

Fortunately, Su Shi is closed with his eyes, otherwise he will slap a ball that swings on his head to the ground.

"I'm fine, just some itching." In addition to feeling a headache, limb weakness, and weakness, Su Shi really feels good, so why the side **** that helped him to redeem in the mall will be so big!

It’s not that good is just a fainting, but it looks awkward!

As a result, he was lying all day, and now he is still uncomfortable!

Hearing the smell of the teeth in his own host voice, the ball was awkward away from Su Shi, and he screamed and explained: "Do not be angry with the host! I am my... I used to help you after you were in a coma. A F-class cold capsule, so you will..."

"So why do you do this?" Su Shi's voice is even more gnashing.

The heart of the ball is full of fear, and all of them are shaking in fear: "Because after the host adult fainted, the male lord directly called the doctor to give you a diagnosis. If the doctor found that you are just coma, there is no problem with us. I will definitely show up, so I am... Hey, host, I really want to use this kind of props for you!"

After saying this, the ball has been scared to death, with the degree of bad taste of his own host, if he wants to rectify himself, poor little cabbage will die very badly!

Su Shi’s eyebrows were pumped, although his face was still a bit gloomy, but at least he did not blame the ball again. After a while, he frowned and said: “Your explanation is barely passing.”

The ball was forced for a moment, and suddenly ecstatic: "Hosted adults, don't you blame me?"

Although it is indeed a cause of cause, but it did not discuss with Su Shi, it is advocating the exchange and use of props, this behavior is a clear violation of the system code of conduct.

It’s great that the host adults didn’t even care about themselves! The whole system of the system turned to sadness and joy, and all of them bloomed happily.

Su Shi did not take care of the abrupt change of the ball, and slowly closed to the feeling of this headache.

When the ball saw Su Shi did not speak, he cautiously complimented: "I was wondering how the host adult would take the initiative to run in the rain. The original host was already planning, you don't know when you fell. The expression of the man is scary! Although the IQ is gone, the man still cares about the host. I have to say that this trick of the host is really effective!"

Su Shi finally responded, but only sneered twice: "If I said, I chose to shower only to calm myself, in case I couldn't control it for a while, and killed the woman directly?"

"..." What does it do to get it? How can it be connected? With a host that does not follow the routine, what can it do? It is also very desperate.

Su Shi did not wait for the response of the ball. After adapting to the pain in his head, Su Shi slowly opened his eyes and awakened the little **** on the couch: "What time is it now?"

The little **** stunned his eyes and stood up and respectfully said: "It’s about four days. The emperor used to specialize in slavery. If Han Gonggong wakes up, he asks the slave to pass a few words to Han Gonggong. You don't have to go to the emperor to wait for the day, and it is most important to raise your body."

Hearing the name "Han Gonggong", Su Shi’s eyebrows could not help but twitch twice. He secretly took a deep breath and slowly sat up. The little **** was busy bending over to help: "Han Gonggong is going to Start the night? The slaves will help you..."

"No," Su Shi said, his voice seemed to be a bit stiff. "Get me up, I am going to serve the emperor."

The little **** looked at Su Shi inexplicably. "The emperor has already told me that these days, the Han Gonggong does not have to..."

When the eunuch’s words were halfway through, he was so scared by Su Shi’s cold-sweeping eyes, and he was busy serving Su Shi’s clothes. Su Shi’s head still hurts a lot, while serving the little eunuch, The ball of the ball.

"Hosting adults, I know that the man has no IQ at all. You must be personally stared at it, but you can't completely ignore your body. Your face is really bad now," the ball tried to stop Su Shi. This kind of behavior that does not care about the body at all, "I will help you to exchange a F-class cold treatment capsule in the mall, so that your body can fully recover."

Su Shi caressed the clothes, and the corner of his mouth evoked a meaningful smile: "No, it's just fine."





 This night, the ups and downs of the ups and downs also fell asleep, and his mind always appeared that the two eyes were so fragile, but they were full of stubborn and fearless eyes, and then the heart was a burst of inability to self-inflict.

When he recalled it, when he saw that the man was in the rain, his completely uncontrollable behavior, and the state of panic, he felt even more incredible.

At that time, he even took the person directly into his own palace. After the doctor’s consultation, he said that he was only suffering from the cold, and he would be able to heal for a few days. He was so distressed from the strong to almost drowning him. Worried about turning around.

Although he tried to suppress his possessive and protective desires and sent him back to his own small courtyard, he could not deny that even after that, his thoughts were always worried about that person. Body.

"Little straight..." Cognac couldn't help but whispered the name. This common name has been called for many years, but this time it feels completely different.

It seems that the other end of the name is connected with his heart. Every time he screams, his heart will be affected and beaten uncontrollably.

As a result of this confusion, a familiar voice with a few weaknesses suddenly came out of the dragon couch: "The emperor can wake up? You should be up."

The dry heart was dragged and slammed a few times, and across the thick bed, the man stood close to him, as he used to serve himself when he got up, but this time, cognac However, it is impossible to cope with it as calmly as before.

It’s just less than a day, and everything seems to be completely different.

Can't hear the response from the inside, Su Shi cautiously summed up: "The emperor?"

The dry heart is a slap in the face, and he barely presses on the strangeness of his heart, so he calmly said: "Little straight?"

"It is the slaves, the slaves are waiting for the emperor to change clothes." Su Shi's tone is imitating the original Lord, with a smile in his respect.

Cognac sat up on the couch, staring at the shadow cast on the mattress, and the throat was rolled uncontrollably twice: "Are you not infected with the wind? You don't need to wait here, you go back. Raise your body and see you again."

Although I didn't want to admit it, the reason why he had just returned to his home was to send Xiao Shunzi back to his small courtyard. The main reason was that he did not know how to continue to face this person.

Ming knows that it should not, can't, can't, but it has already moved the mind that shouldn't be there, and this feeling is coming, he can't stop even if he wants to stop.

What is even more frightening is that he actually does not want to stop.

The calm and mature cognac, in the face of this matter, this person, the only thing that can be thought of is only to escape.

But how could Su Shi leave him the opportunity to escape? He stood in front of the dragon couch and paused, with a little bit of grievance: "Emperor even wants to go after the slaves, so that the slaves can serve the emperor this time? Otherwise, isn’t the slaves dragging the sick body to run this? ”

Dryness is not a person who will hesitate to be indecisive, and it is also very justified to refuse this matter. A slave who has a cold, how can he be qualified to go to the master? Not afraid to give the sick to the master?

But the person who said this is Xiaoshun. I know that this is not the case. I can’t say anything that I refused. After a long time, I finally only got a few words: "Serve the dressing change." ""

"Yes." Su Shi acted to hang up the heavy bed shackles. At the moment when the bed was picked up, the eyes of the two people hurriedly joined each other and then moved away.

Dry and stiff hands and feet let Su Shi help him to change clothes. It is obviously a posture that has been played countless times. This time, there are quite a lot of guilty feelings about where to put the hands and feet. Fortunately, the expression on his face is already due to the full face. When the civil and military officials practice, they will be full of facial knuckles, so that they will not let their minds reveal their stuff.

Su Shi’s attitude is naturally very natural, and the fingers are still intentionally or unintentionally falling on the dry body. With a bit of malicious eating a lot of tofu, it makes the body dry and stiff.

At first, I felt very uncomfortable at the beginning, but slowly, his eyes and thoughts were attracted by Su Shi’s pale complexion. It was clear that the wind was cold and his body was weak, but he had to get up early. Run here to toss myself, isn’t it clear that I want to make him feel bad?

When this thought came out of life, he scared himself into awkwardness. Has his mind about this person already reached this level?

Dry heart is shocked and struggling. For a time, my heart is full of mischief, and it is rare to panic.

Therefore, when the robes on the body were put on well, and even did not let Su Shi help him to sort it out again, he whispered coldly: "Well, you go back to rest, you don't have to come and wait for these days."

"The slaves are leading the life." This time, Su Shi’s extraordinarily obedient salvation, even if there were no extra words, but instead of taking the initiative to drive people away, after seeing Su Shi’s departure, he could not help but lose it. .

"Hosting adults, now is the key moment for the Raiders, how do you agree?" The ball began to worry about its own host, the person who just stopped Su Shi is it, now stop Su Shi from leaving It is also it.

Su Shi smiled and his eyes flashed slightly: "Have he been already Raised by me?"

"Ah? Isn't the male owner still a female lord?" The ball was a bit aggressive.

Su Shi cold eyes smashed in the past, the ball was scared and shivered, and quickly changed his mouth: "I, I, I... I mean that the IQ of the man is still zero."

"Reassured, everything is in control." Su Shi chuckled and slowly closed his eyes before he woke up too early. It was time to sleep back.

Since this day, Su Shi has been really relieved to raise the disease. The door of the small courtyard has never been crossed in the whole day. The small days have nothing to do with the world, don’t mention more leisure, but some people are not. It’s free.

The person who ordered Su Shi to wait for the service was dry, but in the past few days he felt very difficult. When he could see people, he only wanted to escape, but when he really couldn’t see anyone, he could not wait to People are in front of their eyes and stare at all times.

Dry and awkwardly put down Zhu pen, the head is the figure of that person, he rubbed his eyebrows, once again felt like a konjac, and this time the konjac is more obsessed with Qin Yiran than in recent years. It is fierce and more unattainable.

It’s obvious that you’re close at hand, but you can’t see it. It’s really a terrible torture!

Cognac is struggling to take the initiative to look at Su Shi, but listened to the outside to report, saying that it is the palm of the house.

I was annoyed, but some people didn’t come together for a long time. The cognac was about to wave the people away, but they saw that the moon red had come in regardless of the situation, and “slammed” to the ground, with some pharyngeal tracts. : "The slaves know that they are so strong that they rushed into the emperor, and they sinned, but they want to see the emperor in the heart of the slaves, and forgive the slaves this time!"

After all, the moon red is straight and squatting on the ground, a pair of imminent death, but not humble.

The mood that was so irritated was suddenly more irritating: "Since you don't know how to keep the rules in the palace, then go out directly to the palace, so it is considered to be a light fall for you?"

The moon red heard suddenly and looked awkward. This is different from the scenario that was conceived. After the emperor heard this, shouldn’t he care too much about his own, and ignore that he’s coming in here. What happened? Why is this happening like this?

"What? Is it dissatisfied with the decision of the cockroach?" Cognac looked down at the moon red and saw her point of care clearly.

Even though the moon was shocked and mourned, the face was not dare to show it. He was desperately shook his head: "The slaves are not daring, the emperor is willing to blame the slaves from the light, the slaves are grateful, only to seek the slaves before leaving the palace, the emperor Willing to listen to the slave again."

For the sake of the present, we only have to mention the matter of our own goddess. When the emperor goes to visit the empress, let the emoticon leave himself.

Dry to the dragon chair, look at the moon red inexplicably: "You say, but you have to look at it, if you say it, make you more unhappy, you may recover the punishment before you." ”

Recovering the previous punishment and re-adding it is definitely a more terrible punishment.

Moon red trembling, and some drums in the heart, but if you don’t say anything, you have to be sent out directly to the palace. So, she has no choice at all!

Moon red bites his teeth and whispers in a whisper: "The emperor, since you left that day, the niece has been depressed, but after a few days of hard work, it has been thin and sleepy, and the mother is in the heart of the emperor. I hope that the emperor can pass, but I want to secretly swear and refuse to speak. It is useless to persuade the slaves. This slave is also the body of the worried mother, and this is the daring of the sissy, and I hope that the emperor will see it in the past. In terms of temperament, I can go and see the goddess."

After saying this sincerely, Moon Red once again crouched on the ground, waiting for Cognac to give a response.

However, she once again imagined wrong. After hearing this, she did not bother to ask Qin Yiran's physical condition eagerly, nor did she get up directly and rushed to Yiran. He suddenly sneered after a moment of silence. .

This sneer provoked the ominous premonition of the moon red heart, but she did not dare to move at this moment, and could only continue to lie there, but there was already a layer of cold sweat.

Dry eyes slightly squinted, and the squatting is full of cold and irony: "You said that you want to see the love in the past, go and see Qin Yiran, you are talking about what is the relationship between her and her." Can you say?"

Moon red was scared by this statement, and the whole emperor was not as thoughtful and inclusive as his own niece? After a few days, how did it suddenly become like this? This is like a complete change!

Then I thought of what I said when the emperor said this. The red moon only felt a tremor in his heart, and he began to sweat outside.

"The answer is not up? If so, then it should be said," Cognac’s fingertips were knocked on the armrests of the chair without a click. Every time they knocked on the moon red heart, "Look at you." If your master has said so many words, you don't have to send it out of the palace. Just send it to the Criminal Division."





 Moon red jerked his head up, completely ignoring the number of ceremonies and looking straight to the dry, what did the emperor just say? He has to send himself to the Prison Division? !

That kind of place, where to go, there are still life!

Moon red and shocked, just want to ask for mercy, but someone has blocked her mouth first, dragging her directly out, I am afraid that the moon red did not even dream, I will be in the blink of an eye, from Yiran The house of the daughter of the house, fell to such a tragic end.

When he was quiet again in the temple, the figure, face, and eyes of the man were drilled out of control, and they firmly invaded the dry mind, and they couldn’t wave.

He sighed heavily, and finally he couldn’t suppress the strong thoughts that surged in his heart. He got up and walked outside the hall. He saw someone behind him, and he did not have to wave with his hands: "You don't have to follow. I."

Behind the servant's face, he finally stopped.

Cognac stopped and stopped all the way, deliberately slowed down, but eventually stopped in front of the small courtyard, here is the residence of Xiao Shunzi, but he has not stepped in here before.

However, it is a residence of a slave. Naturally, he does not need to step in. He used to think so, but at the moment he only feels that he has a strong attraction to himself. This attraction is even so big that he wants to walk in. At the time, you need to be brave enough.

The cognac is directly pushing the door in, or first make some movements, but see the courtyard door suddenly pulled from the inside, the figure of his own thinking is slowly appearing in the line of sight.

For a moment, Cognac had the illusion of what filled his heart, and all the screams in his mind had completely calmed down at this moment.

The people in the door looked up and looked at it. First, they were surprised for a moment, and then they quickly went to salute: "The slaves gave the emperor peace, but I didn't know that the emperor was driving, and the emperor was stopped outside, and the slaves sinned."

"But it, you just walked around," Cognac's gaze stared at the man as if he didn't see enough. He remembered the action of the person opening the door after a moment, and asked inadvertently. "Where are you going?"

Su Shi scratched his head and smiled. "The slave is not going anywhere. It is only a few days in the yard. I want to go out and go around, otherwise the skin will be lazy."

Dry and subconsciously want to ask, why don't you serve me? But it’s good to remember that it’s your own to drive away this person. The words have changed to the following: “Are you good?”

"The slaves are the most crude and rough, and they are all well tossed." Su Shi smiled, there is a system mall, he thought it would be difficult to heal.

I nodded and tried to say something, but some could not find a topic. He was not very good at doing this kind of thing.

"Since the emperor has come here, can you sit in the yard of the slaves?" Su Shi asked with a little cautiousness, but when he just exported, he began to deny himself. "Still, the slaves are very good. I am afraid it will tarnish the eyes of the emperor."

Looking at Su Shi posing with a cautious attitude to some inferiority, he sighed with a sigh of relief: "Hey, I want to go in."

After all, the cognac went straight into the small courtyard, and the yard was very small. There was a gravel road in the middle. There were a peach tree on both sides. There was a stone bench under the tree. At the end of the road. It is the main house of three rooms.

If it is placed between the next person, it is definitely a luxury house, but at the moment, it seems that I have been wronged by this person for a few years.

"From tomorrow, you will move to the hall of the palace of the hustle and bustle." Cognac almost did not think much, so he opened his mouth, and realized that it seemed very wrong, but since the words have been spit out, Is it bad to change your mouth?

Su Shi looked at her with a strange look, and turned to be grateful to say: "The emperor is so grateful to the slaves, the slaves are really grateful."

Cognac moved his eyes away uncomfortably, and walked up and down the house, three main houses, Su Shi lived on the far right side, there was only one bed, one table, one cabinet in the house. This kind of decoration was so simple that it was a little angry, so he just turned around and walked to the yard again.

Su Shi has been following him with respect and respect, not to say a nonsense, until he left the house, he was a little embarrassed: "The slaves are so simple, there is no place to sit, it is a grievance. The emperor."

Cognac also felt that the yard was too rudimentary, so he lifted his chin and said: "You are going to pack things now, so let's go over."

How can such a place let Xiaoshun continue to stay?

Su Shi was stunned again, and turned to his eyes and smiled: "The emperor waited a little, the slaves went to clean up."

So after a fragrant martial arts, Su Shi took a small parcel and left the small courtyard where he had lived for a few days, and officially stayed at the partial hall of the dry palace.

The pavilion of the dry palace is second only to the main hall. It looks luxurious and comfortable. It has only been uninhabited. Now someone has finally moved in. The cognac has specifically told people to clean it carefully.

Su Shi sat on the bed of his new residence, but his eyes turned to the main hall separated by a wall. It will not be long before he will move there.

But before that, he had to figure out the previous accounts first.

The cognac in the main hall is also thinking about the people who are in the temple. Although he wants to drag people directly into the main hall, he still hasn’t even thought about how to deal with the relationship between the two. Naturally, Can't act rashly.

Thinking of this, Cognac closed her eyes with some irritability and tiredness, and took a long breath.

Here, the two people who are suddenly close to each other are separated by a wall, and the other side of Qin Yiran, who is in the middle of Yizhong, heard the news that Yuehong was forced to break into the Criminal Division. The whole person is not good.

"What do you say? You say it again!" Qin Yiran squinted at the hand of the small palace lady, his eyes narrowed.

The little palace woman frowns with pain, but she can only live and suffer, and repeats the words just now: "The red girl was beaten into the culprit by the emperor, and the slave was also heard by a grandfather around the emperor. ”

"How could this happen! Why did he put Yuehong into the Prison Division!" Once again, the same answer was obtained. Qin Yiran was so annoyed that his eyes were coming out quickly. She slammed the hand of the little palace girl, and was anxious. Stepping back and forth in the temple, "Don't do what he treats the people around the palace!"

The little palace girl was stumbled on the ground, but the atmosphere did not dare to come out. This is the first time she saw this look of Qin Yiran, looking really scary.

"No, this palace must go to him to discuss a statement, he is too much!" Qin Yiran was completely irritated, and he had to go outside, but was stopped by a palace lady who had been standing aside.

"The maiden is angry, you can't go to the emperor now." The palace lady looks very inconspicuous and looks ordinary, but the eyes are full of old-fashioned and incomprehensible.

Qin Yiran’s voice sharply retorted: “He has already put the closest person next to me into the Criminal Division. Why can’t the court find him?”

Being so low by his own master, Yuelian is still a calm and calm look, looking straight at Qin Yiran: "Mother, don't forget your identity."

Being looked at by these eyes, Qin Yiran reluctantly recovered some reason, but he was still angry and unstable.

Yuelian saw that Qin Yiran had slowly returned to calm, and then he looked down at the little palace woman who was scared to the ground and walked over and personally lifted her up: "Are you okay?"

"Slaves...the slaves are fine." The little maids were shaking all over, and even the eyes didn't dare to lift them.

Yuelian appeasedly took two shots on the shoulder of the little palace woman, and the voice was soft and soft: "The maiden is only a moment of fascination, it will be so, you should not be in your heart."

The little palace girl turned her head and did not speak, apparently being scared.

"Well, you should go out first." Yuelian put his hand down and smiled.

The little palace girl, such as Meng Dazhen, quickly retired, but did not know that Yuelian looked behind her, as if she was watching a dead person.

There were only two people left in the temple. Yuelian walked back to Qin Yiran's side and helped her sit down at the table. He said quietly: "The slaves know that the goddess is looking at the red girl, and it will be annoyed." Lost in reason. But here is the deep palace, the goddess must be very cautious in words and deeds. If there is a slight difference, you may not see anyone waiting for you outside the palace."

Hearing this, Qin Yiran only completely recovered, but his heart was still full of resentment, and he said with a mouthful of admiration, to be considerate and considerate, but how did he do it? He even turned the moon red with his own child into the Prison Division!

How can he do it... How can I treat myself like this!

"The maiden is angry, the slave knows your thoughts, but you have thought about it. If you look at the past with such anger, can you really save the moon red girl?" Yuelian is in front of Qin Yiran. The sound is calm with a little bit of comforting power. "Since the emperor dared to deal with the moon red girl, it is obviously a sinister for the empress, if you directly rushed over with the emperor theory, I am afraid it will only increase between you and the emperor. The suspicion of the gap, this is actually hurting the moon red girl."

Although Qin Yiran did not want to admit it, he also knew that this was a bit reasonable. I am afraid that it is just to retaliate against the incident of punishing Xiaoshun in the past few days, and he will deliberately start the month.

As a king of a country, it is so ugly, it is simply disgusting!

Qin Yiran frowned in disgust and asked reluctantly: "What do you think the palace should do now?"

"If the maiden wants to save the red girl from the moon, for the sake of the present, I am afraid that I can only fix the relationship with the emperor." Yuelian lowered her head and flashed a dark awn in the light.

Upon hearing this, Qin Yiran’s disgust and resentment on his face suddenly became stronger: “Don’t be the kind of person, this palace is very annoying when he sees it. If the palace wants to repair the relationship with him, it’s better to kill it. palace!"

Previously, she promised Yuehong, let her go to find the cognac, but just waited for the courage to take the initiative to apologize to herself, she never thought about going to the lower third to seek cognac.

In the heart of Yuelian, Qin Yiran’s stupidity was scornful, but on the face, she had to put on a look that she thought about her wholely: “The slaves naturally know what the maiden thinks, but now the red girl is deeply immersed in the culprit, if not She rescued it, and the slave was really worried..."

Yuelian’s words are not completely stated, but the meaning to be expressed is already very clear. Qin Yiran’s gloomy face is silent and half-sounding, and finally he has promised to bite his teeth: “This palace knows what to do.”





 When it was time to use dinner, Su Shi, who had recovered from the body, used to serve the cognac in the past. In the past, the original owner was standing behind him and serving him. Su Shi also planned to do so, but he was stopped by the cognac. .

"You also go to eat, let the other people serve here." In the past, things that were sparsely ordinary, now in front of them, make Cognac feel unimaginable and acceptable.

Even though he himself could not understand his own thoughts, but he thought that he was sitting, and Xiaoshun had to stand and help him to cloth, and he thought that this was something that could not be accepted anyway. .

Su Shi’s eyes, the heart is laughing, but the face is a serious and authentic: “The emperor is assured that the body of the minion is really good, and there is absolutely no problem in serving the emperor’s meal.”

"You will have to serve you in the evening, or go to the food first." The inner truth can't be declared in the mouth, and the cognac can only put the emperor's majesty on the face.

However, Su Shi did not eat this set at all. When he saw it, he was not scared. On the other hand, his face slowly revealed the grievance: "Is this already abandoning the slave? Is the former slave only dyed the cold, the emperor? Then he rushed the slaves back to the yard. For a few days, they did not allow the slaves to serve. Nowadays, they don’t even have to wait for the meal to serve..."

The dry eyebrows jumped a few times, and the heart was helpless, but also distressed, and sighed: "I just don't want you to be tired, not to abandon you."

He now has a whole heart on this person. I like it all, but I am willing to give up a little bit of abandonment?

"The emperor still let the slaves wait for your meal." Su Shi's expression turned cloudy and sunny, with a few expectations.

There is no way to refuse the other party, but I really can't bear to tiring the other side to stand up and serve for myself. For a time, I was embarrassed for this little thing.

"If the emperor insists on not allowing the slaves to serve, then it is really abandoning the slaves." Su Shi was still hesitant to see the cognac, only to make a move.

The cognac was immediately compromised. He looked at Su Shi with his unspoken eyes and reluctantly sighed: "So, just follow what you said."

So Su Shi gave him all the chopsticks that he didn't like on the table. As for why he knew so much about Cognac's taste, part of it was obtained from the memory of the original Lord, but more still Based on the experience of the first two worlds.

Every lover will lose his memory, but the taste has not changed. This world should be no exception.

Cognac began accepting Su Shi’s service with a bit of a flattering attitude, but when he ate the dishes that were completely unappetizing, he finally noticed something wrong. How did this small straight look like this? Is the dish that you don't like to eat yourself?

But the dishes that the sweethearts have caught can't be eaten. If they dry up and suffer from the pain in their hearts, they still have to put on a cloud-like look. As a generation of emperors, he naturally cannot expose his personal preferences to people. Of course, I still don't want Xiaoshun to see his picky eaters.

Su Shi couldn’t see the thought of cognac. Now it’s funny and deflated. Who told you to dare to come to me like that? This little trick is just an appetizer.

The two were getting along in a warm and harmonious way, but they saw a small **** walked in and walked in: "The emperor, Yi Yiniang asked for help."

Before Qin Yiran did not enter the palace, she gave her the word "Yi" as the title. At that time, it was to highlight her value to her. Now, in retrospect, cognac only feels stupid.

Especially the real sweetheart is in front of me, can't help but stunned Su Shi with a guilty conscience, but seeing that the other side is still helping himself to clothe the dishes leisurely. I don't know if I should breathe a sigh of relief, or should I feel it. Lost.

Cognac regained his gaze, and his mood was a little unpleasant because of Qin Yiran’s uninvited feelings: “I don’t want to see her now, let her go back to her palace.”

This made Su Shi very useful, but he wanted to open his mind with a bad heart: "Since the Yi Yin Niangniang came in person, the emperor still sees it?"

"I don't want to see her." Cognac insisted on his face, and he felt aggrieved when he was open to help Qin Yiran to speak, but he also knew that all of this was made by himself, no wonder anyone.

Su Shi blinked his eyes and once again made a killer: "Is the emperor because of the slaves, so I refused to see Yi Niangniang? In the past few days, the Yi Niang Niang punishes the slaves, and the slaves do not speak. Annoyed the goddess, in short, the fault of the slaves, but also hope that the emperor will not anger the Yi Niang, or the slave will become a sinner."

Su Shi, who was given the attributes of Sususu, not only became the overbearing president, but also abused the best **** and also loaded the white lotus of the Virgin.

Of course, the installation of white lotus is only a means. The main purpose of Su Shi is to calculate the account with cognac, or to say that this is trying to help him cure the disease. After all, IQ arrears is a disease and cure.

In the face of Su Shi’s white lotus move, Cognac couldn’t help but feel distressed, and felt guilty. At the same time, my heart also rose up with a strong self-blame. If I had no eyes at first, I would mistake the fish as a pearl. Yiran will not enter the palace, so Xiaoshun will not be sick in bed in the first few days, and today he does not need to feel guilty about it.

Su Shi’s thoughts on cognac are in his eyes, but he feels that he is not enough. In order to make him more heart-wrenching, Su Shi is trying to make his eyes red, and it looks like he is rushing to cry: “ The emperor will see Yiyi Niangniang?" So we can better join forces to cry and cry her.

Cognac sighed and sighed. What can he say in front of his red-eyed eyes? Even if the heart is incessant, the cognac has changed its mouth: "Let Yi Yi come in."

Qin Yiran came in with a water red palace dress, followed by a palace lady carrying a food box, it was Yuelian.

Su Shi hangs his head and hangs behind him. His eyes sweep over Qin Yi and then fall on Yuelian: "The ball, who is this person?"

The ball quickly checked the plot and replied: "This person is called Yuelian. It is the person who is placed next to the woman's lord. This person looks unremarkable, but is proficient in pharmacology and poison, and eventually poisons the man. A glass of poisoned wine was prepared by her."

"It turned out to be her." Su Shi’s nephew was full of obvious malice. Only his lover could bully. If other people dare to move, they should be prepared to bear the consequences.

The ball glanced at Yuelian with sympathy, which is another poor woman who is about to be killed by the host.

Although Qin Yiran is full of reluctance, but thinks that Moon Red is still in the cautious punishment department, he has to reluctantly put on a smile that still carries a bit of high taste: "The emperor, who made a few personal hands Dim sum, specially sent to the emperor to taste."

Said, Qin Yiran took the food box from the lotus in the back, and personally put a few snacks in front of the cognac, but the cognac did not even look at the snack, but with cold anger: "Boldly, I don’t know how to swear, do you want to commit the following?"

Suddenly, Qin Yiran’s unnatural smile on his face suddenly froze, and his heart was even more annoyed. He could condescend to show his dim sum and see that he was already benevolent. He even said this because of his salute. Small things blame yourself?

"Looking at the unwillingness of Yi Yi, is it really a rebellious mind?" Cognac sat, Qin Yiran stood, although he looked up at Qin Yiran, but the momentum of his body directly The other party gave up.

This part of the weight is too heavy, a large hat buckled down, even if Qin Yiran is angry and arrogant, but also had to be pale and stunned: "The emperor is angry, and he will never dare to have such a big rebellious mind."

This time, the look of Qin Yiran suddenly turned from looking up to looking down: "No, it is so, Yizheng can get long memory, and there should be less rituals in the future. Otherwise, if it is wrong, it will be delayed." Not good."

Qin Yiran clenched his teeth, revealing the resentment of resentment, but he had to bow his head: "I will follow the imperial teachings."

Dry nodded, but did not call Qin Yiran to get up, his eyes finally glanced at the snack she sent: "These are all Yiyi personally done?"

"Exactly, I also want the emperor to taste." Xia Yi is light and thin. Qin Yiran, who has never suffered such humiliation, feels pain in his knees for a while, but she also feels pain in her knees, but she also sees that the dryness is really angry, and only Can be silent, but the heart is resentful.

Cognac deliberately stared at the snack for a while and then asked: "But I don't know if I am carrying these snacks to find out what is going on?"

It stands to reason that in this case, it is absolutely not necessary to directly state their own purposes, otherwise it would be a good idea for the emperor to send a snack in one fell swoop.

But Qin Yiran was only arrogant and self-sufficient, and he only had the stupidity of his body. In addition, he was very uncomfortable at this time. He was so inquised and even said that he was gnashing his teeth and directly said the truth: "The palm of the palace is in the palace. The young girl has always been very eager to look at, and she has heard that she was actually imprisoned by the emperor and asked about it."

Su Shi had previously felt that the woman was stupid like a pig, but she did not expect her to be stupid to this extent, but it was an eye-opener.

Moon Lan, who came along with Qin Yiran, couldn’t wait to seal her mouth directly. Before she came to see it, she clearly had a clear explanation with Qin Yiran, but she didn’t expect her to be so brainless!

Cognac was also mad at the laughter, but he was shocked by his own eyes: "So you sent these snacks today, is to let you put your hand in the palace?"

Qin Yiran didn't even know how stupid he was doing. At this time, he didn't think about remedial. Instead, he nodded. "It's just for this. I also asked the emperor to let Yuehong go back to serve." ""

"Qin Yiran, are you too self-righteous?" Cognac really laughed this time. "Moon red is strong in the royal study room, and it crashes into the shackles. Not only is it not wrong, but it is arrogant and upside down. It is just to beat her. Into the Cautious Criminal Division, it has been from the light, and what do you think will be released because of these dishes?"

"Because the moon red is the person who is in the body," Qin Yiran is completely disregarding the eyes of the people around him. He is trying to sell his stupidity to the end. "Because the emperor will deal with the moon red, it is not because of the previous Punished the small straight around you?"

The reason why Cognac is willing to say so much with Qin Yiran is probably to see how stupid his previous thoughts are. At this time, he has got the answer. He naturally does not want to continue to watch Qin Yiran sell stupidly.

However, he had just ordered that he would drag Qin Yiran out, but he saw Su Shi suddenly walked two steps forward at this time, and did not humble and swear: "The slaves know that their status is low and they are not qualified to interject in front of the goddess, but Some words can't help but say how the goddess should humiliate and punish the slaves, and the slaves have no complaints. After all, the goddess is the master, the slave is the servant, but the slave can never allow the goddess to humiliate the emperor!"





 Su Xinjin·White Lotus·钰 After finishing the touching words, he slowly straightened his back, and he was filled with the meaning of the maintenance of his own ai (ren).

The dry eyes lit up uncontrollably because of these words, and the heartbeat was inexplicably accelerated. He turned his eyes in a dizzy manner, but he just saw Qin Yiran squinting and preparing to swear at Su Shi’s look. Pleasant meal, cognac directly with the emperor's pressure to cold and cold past the past, directly put Qin Yiran to the mouth and then blocked it back.

How can a sweetheart be so fascinated by how to maintain himself? How can it be destroyed by such a person?

Qin Yiran looked at him with arrogance. In fact, it was only because the people around him always let her go everywhere. Even the cognac of a country was obsessed with her, and this made her like this. The eyes are higher than the top, the self-view is very high, and the eyes are unmanned.

But in fact, she has never experienced any storms from childhood to age. Once she encounters setbacks, she will immediately expose her stupidity and childishness. The courage is also very small. At this time, she is so dry, she will not vomit half a word. Out.

It was also at this moment that Qin Yiran finally realized that her attitude towards her seemed to have changed. He seemed to be no longer the one who was obsessed with himself and was obedient.

But how is this possible? Didn't he have seen him since he was two years ago, he has always been obsessed with himself, and he is bent on his own entrance to the palace, and even guards himself as a jade with the body of a generation of emperors?

So how can he change his mind?

Su Shi’s gaze fell on Qin Yiran’s complex look. His mood was also somewhat complicated. How much is the cognac, will he look at such a woman with nothing?

Can such people compare with themselves?

But even if the mood is not very good, the white lotus's play code still has to be played: "The slaves served the emperor since childhood, and did not dare to know how much the emperor's temper, but the minion is at least certain that the emperor is not the one who borrowed things. The person, he will never do anything to punish the palace girl for the sake of the slave, so I also ask the girl to be cautious!"

Dry eyes blinked at Su Shi, who loved the sweetheart's serious and serious appearance in order to maintain himself, and he really wanted to pick up one sentence. For you, you can do anything!

"The maiden must punish the slaves, no matter what the reason, the slaves are absolutely non-existent, but you are so swearing that the emperor's reputation, the slaves are irrelevant!" Su Shi made a powerful conclusion after turning around I am facing the cognac and volunteering to sin. "The slaves know that they have committed the following crimes, and they have made a big mistake, and they also asked the emperor to punish them."

Dry eyes looked at Su Shi, and he would punish him for this little thing. Seeing Su Shi’s appearance of being generous and righteous, it would be a bit of a pain.

He was about to appease his sweetheart, but he heard Qin Yiran suddenly open his mouth sharply at this time: "Is it because of him! Is it because of him, so the emperor will change his mind?!"

Behind Qin Yiran, she always believed, and the wall leaning on it collapsed in an instant. She desperately ran away to want to reject such a reality, but when she saw the eyes of Cognac looking at the little straight, Qin Yiran can no longer deceive himself.

That kind of gaze, so obvious, she can't do it even if she wants to pretend that she can't understand it.

So it must be because of this low-lying minion, cognac will be lost, suddenly become like this!

"Stop!" When the eyes of Cognac turned to Qin Yiran, they instantly became cold and incomprehensible. In the heart, they could not restrain themselves from raising a deep fluster. Xiaoshun did not know his feelings for him. He knew... he was so excited that he couldn’t continue to think about it.

Qin Yiran’s dry eyes were frozen and his neck was a bit timid, but when he saw Su Shi’s disgusting and incomprehensible disgusting eyes, the mood of collapse was once again erupting. This person is only A low-minded minion, and also because of the same dry cognac!

What made Qin Yiran feel the most collapsed was that he had never seen it in the eyes of Xiao Shunzi. In the eyes of the cognac, he couldn’t even compare a slave!

"Dry, you should be watching me. I am the only one you love the most. He is just an eunuch. He is even a broken person. Where is it worth seeing?" Qin Yiran complained. Look at the dry, fingers with a humiliating taste pointing to Su Shi, "Have you forgotten? I am the one who made you fall in love at first sight. Have you always wanted me to enter the palace? Now I have entered the palace. Come, as long as you kill him, I will stay with you, okay? You are going to kill him!"

Su Shi looked coldly at Qin Yiran, where there was a nonsense, and the guilty conscience of his heart climbed up. He clearly kept his heart on the cognac, but he still wanted to occupy the other's heart and enjoy all the respects he obtained. Rong, such a face is really ugly to the extreme.

After this move, Cognac had almost nothing to say about Qin Yiran's disgust, but after thinking about it, he still opened his mouth: "I used to see you in the past, and it is really blind and unclear. Thanks to your talents, you can completely see how stupid and vicious you are. You keep saying that Xiaoshun is just a slave, but he feels that compared with him, you are really low-lying and disgusting. !"

After all, the dry voice directly ordered: "Come, block the madman's mouth and drag it out."

Watching Qin Yiran try his best to kill himself, Yuelian did not dare to say anything when he was begging for mercy. He could only lie on his head with his head down, and only asked the emperor not to anger her.

Qin Yiran was dragged out with tears and tears, even though her final decision has not yet been decided, but at least one thing is certain. Qin, who was once obsessed with ecstasy for two years, was greeted by him. Yiran, this time I am afraid it is a fall of the quagmire, and I can’t climb anymore.

Su Shi smiled and watched Qin Yiran leave. I felt very uncomfortable in my heart. His ability to abuse the scum has not been taken out yet. Qin Yiran was dragged down. This is embarrassing.

Therefore, when Cognac quit all other people, with full of nervousness, hesitant to take this opportunity to express his heart to Su Shi, Su Shi chose to preempt: "The emperor, the slave has a ruthless request. ""

Cognac tries to maintain the majesty of a generation of emperors: "Let's talk."

"The slaves want to ask the emperor to sneak up on Yi Yin's maiden." Su Shi language is not surprisingly endless, and directly slammed the cognac.

"Just humiliated you like she, you have to plead for her?" Some time, I didn't know what to say.

"The reason why the maiden is so speech, presumably is only because of the deep affection of the emperor, so the slaves feel that the actress is affectionate, and hope that the emperor can see the emperor's share of the emperor, and deal with her lightly." My eyes are sincerely watching dry, my heart is full of bad taste, I just want to cry, you can bear me?

Cognac really can't take Su Shi, even if his heart is dying, he must keep smiling: "Small straight, Qin Yiran, people are not worthy of speaking for her."

"But the slaves really feel that the Yizheng Niangniang is very pitiful," Su Shi said with a grievance and cognac, with a little spoiled taste. "Even if you look at the slaves to serve the emperor for so many years, the emperor can not Promise the slaves this time?"

I sighed with helplessness, and my sweetheart said this. What else can he do? He can only dispose of Qin Yiran secretly while holding his sweetheart first.

However, when he just thought about it, he listened to Su Shi and said: "The emperor can not do anything with the slave. The slave is the least likely to be deceived. Even if the emperor deceives the slave, the slave can't do it, but the minion. I still feel sad in my heart."

"..." Suddenly there is a horrible illusion that the idea is completely guessed, but it seems that Xiaoshun is still a gentle and well-behaved appearance, so this must be an illusion?

Su Shi saw that he didn't talk, so he was very suspicious and blinked his eyes: "Is the emperor not really going to do anything with a slave?"

"No, oh, of course, won't lie to you." Under the violent offensive of the sweetheart, Cognac can only lose his helmet and unload.

So Qin Yiran saved a small life under Su Shi’s bad taste, but Su Shi’s reason is to keep her life, but it’s not really a white lotus. He just thinks that one person Only when you live can you be better abused.

"Is the emperor a request for a slave?" Su Shi’s eyes were bright.

Cognac nodded and nodded: "朕 promised."

"The slaves thank the emperor for accomplishing it. If the Yizheng girl knows about it, she will be grateful to the emperor." Su Shi immediately opened his eyes and smiled, and the heart has already listed the method of dispelling Qin Yiran.

Solve this problem, some of the dry minds are once again alive, the sweetheart is in front of you, the opportunity is rare, maybe this is a good time to express confession?

It’s hard to swallow up the slobber, and the back is sitting there straight, but it shows a bit of restraint: “Small straight, you have something to say to you.”

"What is the command of the emperor?" Su Shi, who had already seen through his heart and mind, pretend to ask.

Dry and shook his head, always felt that this one-stop posture was not conducive to the opening of the next topic, he pointed to the stool not far away: "You sit down first."

"How can the slaves sit on the same level as the emperor?" Su Shi blinked in the distance.

"Hey let you sit, you sit down." Cognac continued to point at the stool.

Su Shi was still hesitant for a while, and he just hesitated to sit down: "I don't know what the emperor ordered?"

Dry and licking the lips and coughing twice, the sound is barely calm: "Previously Yi Yi said, what do you think of Xiao Shun?"

Su Shiming knows and asks: "I don't know what the emperor said, what is the statement of Yiyi's mother?"

Cognac almost did not dare to look at Su Shi’s eyes: "That is what she said to look at you differently."

"This sentence," Su Shi deliberately prolonged the tone, seeing the cognac's gaze lingering on his body, Su Shi smiled slightly, "the emperor and rest assured, this slave is absolutely unbelievable. ”





 It’s easy to dry up and send the courage to the mouth, and suddenly it’s stunned. The face is slowly becoming dark like a pot. Su Shi seems to be completely unaware, and continues to speak with optimism and tone. : "The slave is nothing but a man. The reason why the emperor values ​​the slaves is that he is only thinking of the slaves and doing his best to serve the hard work for so many years. Where is the slave look at each other? Are you saying?"

After that, Su Shi looked at her with a smile and a look of expectation and affirmation.

After a hard time in the heart of the cognac, the reason why the sweetheart is to maintain himself everywhere is to maintain his own master in the identity of the master and servant, not for the person in the heart.

Obviously, it is a thing that has long been known. At this time, it is really spit out from the population of the heart. It is still inevitable that I feel bitter in my heart. I have not shown my heart, and it has been somewhat uncomfortable to be rejected.

"Yes, you are right." The voice of Cognac was full of bitterness. I thought that these tastes were enough to ecstasy, but I didn't expect the more ecstasy to be behind.

After two hours, just as the cognac was preparing for sleep in the sadness, he saw Su Shi bowed and walked over with a tray and slowly came in. The tray was covered with a quick red cloth, and he could not see what was placed underneath. But the dry heart has raised an ominous premonition in a conditioned manner.

When Su Shi stood in front of him, he dried up and frowned and asked: "What is this?"

Su Shi, but laughed, only reached out and slowly pulled the red cloth on the tray, revealing a row of wooden signs that were not opened, and there were actually eighteen pieces.

The dry eyebrows jumped, and the brow wrinkled even more: "What are you doing?"

"As seen by the emperor, the slave is to ask the emperor to flop." Su Shi smiled.

The whole brow is erected. If he remembers it correctly, the whole harem seems to have only one cockroach, and this person has just been beaten into the cold house by himself, so the 18 brands are written in the end. what?

Is it all empty, or is it the same name?

But no matter what was written above, there is no plan to flop the counter: "I don't want to flop."

Su Shi's face went forward and together, thinking that if you dare to turn the brand, I dare to smash you, just like the eunuch, but the mouth is a smile: "This brand But the minions are carefully prepared, will you turn over the emperor?"

"Don't turn it over!" You can follow your sweetheart on other things, but you can't regress in this matter, otherwise how can he be worthy of his own mind?

Su Shi’s attitude of reckless refusal was still determined. He decided to give his lover a little sweet taste. He hesitated for a moment, put the tray on the table, and slowly spread the two hands in front of the cognac. : "The emperor, these wooden brands can be carved by the minions. You see that the minions have been cut by the knife several times. If you look at the slaves, then you will turn a brand on the emperor?"

Su Shi’s two hands now look white and thin. There is a kind of beauty between male flexibility and feminine femininity. With a few shallow red knife marks, it instantly evokes the pain and protection of dryness. .

"How can I be so careless?" Cognac grasped Su Shi’s hand, but did not dare to use too much force, for fear of hurting him.

Su Shi was allowed to hold the cognac and smiled and said: "Isn’t the slaves to make these little wooden cards? If the emperor really hates the slaves, will he turn a brand from it?"

In order to complete the main task, Su Shi is also quite hard, and even this idea has come up.

I heard that the words are dry and distressed, but I have no choice but to add a few points. My sweetheart has to turn over the brand. Who knows the pain?

Cognac here is hesitant to refuse the request of the sweetheart on the premise of not hurting the other party. Su Shi did not follow the common sense at all, but even directly grabbed the cognac hand and went to the tray.

When the cognac reacted, it was necessary to shrink the hand, but it was too late, and a wooden sign placed at the corner had been turned over. It was annoying and helpless for a while, and was about to openly reprimanded the naughty sweetheart. After seeing the handwriting on the wooden sign, I immediately stayed: "Beans... Corruption?"

Who can tell him why his big manager has carefully prepared for him? Why is this kind of thing engraved? !

Su Shi took a smile and picked up the opened sign. He heard the ball reminding the progress of the main task from 0% to 2%. The mood suddenly improved: "Since the emperor chose tofu, the morning breakfast can be Eat enough chopsticks to make it."

Although in theory, in an ancient court, the flop usually refers to the brand that makes the emperor turn over the palace, but the task does not say this, is it possible for Su Shi to make a hole?

Cognac twitched at the corner of his mouth and looked at Su Shi, and looked at the remaining brands that had not been opened, and the ominous premonition in his heart.

"Is the emperor curious about what other brands are engraving? The emperor is not anxious, and the slaves will come to the emperor to flop every night." These 18 brands are all the most annoying foods. He took a lot of thoughts to think so well.

Looking at Su Shi smiled and put the red cloth back up, before it was just a bitter dryness in the heart, and the mouth began to make pains, but I thought of the hands that I had just held, and my heart was moving, and my hands were pinched. so comfortable.

Just as the dry eyes had begun to sneak in the green light, Su Shi went back and re-entered, standing in front of the cognac and gently laughing: "The emperor, the time is not early, the slaves will serve you to sleep."

The dry eyes instantly let out the radiance, and somewhere on the body is even more exciting, but this time, even if you are excited, it is just self-torture.

Realizing this, the light in the dry eyes slowly dissipated. He secretly took a deep breath and tried to suppress the heart and the physical sway: "No, you don't have to serve today."

Just seeing this person, Cognac is almost unable to suppress the instigation in his heart. If he is called to be close to him, he may not sleep well tonight.

"The emperor does not allow the slaves to serve, isn't it really abandoning the slaves?" Su Shi moved out of the previous move and put on a pitiful look.

Whether it is to make yourself torment, or to make your sweetheart sad, dry and helplessly sighed, and quickly made a choice: "After serving Xi'an, you will rest earlier, you are just right, the night watch to let other people Come and do it. You have to rest in peace tomorrow, and you don't have to come and serve."

"The slaves thank the emperor for their compassion." Su Shi immediately opened his eyes and smiled. He went to the front to help dry up, and naturally he could not eat tofu.

After eating the tofu, Su Shi went to sleep with a good mood. As for whether or not he could sleep well, Su Shi said that he would make the account clear, and he would care about this issue again.

With the special approval of Cognac, Su Shi went to sleep naturally on the second day. In fact, he actually woke up once. He was always alert when he slept. Suddenly someone appeared on his couch. Su Shi naturally would not be unprepared, but found This person is not a person, just after his own lover, he sleeps with confidence.

So he didn't know. After he slept again, Cognac almost kissed him. It was only a little bit worse, but the cognac was finally hard to bear.

After using the morning meal, Su Shi swayed all the way to the imperial dining room and called the sergeant to ask: "Is the Yi Niang Niang's meal ready?"

庖 眸 眸 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,

Su Shi raised his eyebrows, but he forgot this one: "From today on, I will withdraw the small kitchen of Yiranju, and the meal of Yiyi Niangniang will be sent from here."

After that, I saw that the **** was not very daring, and added: "This is the meaning of the emperor."

This time, the chieftain answered the question: "The slaves will wait for the meeting and they will do it."

Su Shi nodded and underestimated the authenticity: "Recently, Yi Niang is not too angry. When she prepares a meal for her, she adds some berberine to it, which is a fire for the maiden."

The elders secretly stunned Su Shi, and finally agreed to this: "The slaves are saved."

Su Shi turned around in the imperial dining room. When she walked, she smiled and said: "This is a good meal for you. I will be a good person in front of the emperor."

"The slaves thanked the father-in-law for their kindness." The smile on the face of Chang’s face was much more sincere.

However, Su Shi is not very happy. If she is not called "Gonggong", we can continue to cooperate happily.

When Su Shi returned to her new residence, Cognac had already gone down, and she was dealing with government affairs in the study room outside the palace. Su Shi was going to brush her presence, but she heard the ball suddenly sounded at this time: "Host adult, I just caught a message."

"What news?" Su Shi turned a corner and went back to the temple.

"Yiran has a small palace woman who died, although it seems to be a self-destructive, but actually poisoned and killed." The ball told Su Shi.

After Su Shi’s silence for a while, Shen said: “You stare at the moon lotus, don’t let her have the opportunity to start Qin Yiran.”

The topic jumped too fast, and the ball couldn't keep up with the rhythm: "Isn't Yuelian not sent the seven kings to the woman to help her? How can she start with the woman?"

"The seven kings and the lack of IQ can be different. How do you think he loves Qin Yiran? Even if there is love, love and interests are mixed. Now, the attitude of Qin Yiran has changed dramatically, and it is not guaranteed. The attitude of the seven princes to her will also change. For a piece of chess that has no use value, how long can it be with love?” Su Shi poured himself a glass of water, while drinking, explaining with the ball, “ Moreover, Yuelian is not a good person."

Previously, Qin Yiran angered and dried up, and was dragged out of her mouth. She was the next person who was present all the time, but she never said anything in her excuse for mercy.

The ball seemed to understand and understand, and Su Shi was about to get up and dry to brush the presence, but listened to the ball and said: "Host, I just caught another message."

Su Shi raised her eyebrows: "Say."

The ball swayed: "The seven kings seem to be coming into the palace."





 Since Su Shi came to this world, the seven princes who had never appeared before, even though the female lord was disgusted and abandoned the second day, they invited themselves to the palace. This matter seems to be very different from any angle. subtle.

Su Shi blinked, stood up and splayed, and smiled slightly: "Go, let's take a look at the fun."

Because of the close distance, Su Shi arrived rather than dry, and stood on the side to help me grind the grind, only to wait for the hand to carry a bird cage.

"Chen brother sees the emperor brother." Chen Shen is a white robes in the moon, and the party is modest and courteous, which is completely different from the impression he left to Su Shi in the original plot.

Dry up and raise his hand to get him up, pointing to the chair that had been prepared long ago: "The seven brothers don't need more gifts."

"Thank you for the emperor to give you a seat." Shen Shen smiled and thanked him. He and Cognac are a mother compatriot. The two are true brothers, but after some experience, this naive idea has long been used by him. Step on the foot.

When I sit down and sit down, I often gossip about my family’s words: "Say, the Seventh Brothers haven’t been in the palace for a few days to see it?"

"The younger brother is guilty. These days, he only cares about the poems on flowers. He has forgotten such a big event. The emperor can not bother the younger brother." He cautiously smiled and slowly lowered his head.

I didn't bother to talk about it, didn't say it or not, but just smiled and squinted at the things I was holding with care: "When you come into the palace, how do you still carry this thing?"

I carefully placed the bird cage on the table, laughing like a spring breeze, with a little pity: "This is the canary that the younger brother bought a few days ago. It is interesting. It has been carried for a few days. This gold wire When the bird can fly, it is naturally a vast sky, but once it is locked in this big palm, it loses its freedom. If the master dislikes it, it would be too pitiful."

This is exactly the same as the sentence just now. It is obviously implicit in meaning. The previous sentence is to highlight his harmlessness. He only pays attention to the poems on the flowers and ignores others. The words are mapped to Qin Yiran. On the body.

When Qin Yiran entered the palace, it was like a canary trapped in a cage. He could only stay in the square of the palm of his hand. If he couldn’t get the emperor’s pity, it would be too pitiful.

Dry eyes gaze, staring at the shrinking head of the canary: "Some birds, even the sound of the call is very annoying, maybe when you will slap you, such a bird is only a nuisance Worrying."

After careful rebuttal, but suddenly heard a smirk, the voice apparently did not come from cognac. His eyes glanced at it and saw a small **** standing at the table.

"This is the red man of the emperor's brother, the general manager of the Han Gonggong?" Deliberately blinked and turned his attention to Su Shi's body. "But I don't know why Han Gonggong is laughing because of what?"

Su Shi took the first two steps and said: "It is a big sin to lose the instrument in front of the emperor and the prince. It is really not arrogant."

"No matter what you say, you are not guilty of your sin." Cognac did not think about authenticity.

The cautious eyes turned around between Cognac and Su Shi. The hanging dice flashed a complicated and inconspicuous dark mang: "The emperor has said this, whether Han Gonggong can confuse the king. ?"

"The reason why the slaves just laughed was that they felt that the words of the prince were very interesting," Su Shi said with a gesture of being a slave. The tone of his speech was relaxed. "Since Wang Ye also felt that the canary was trapped in a cage. Very pitiful, but why not just release it from the cage? So, aren’t they all happy?”

It’s still gentle and polite: “Han Gonggong knows how to be so happy? If this canary is like to be with the king?”

"Then it should live in this cage," Su Shi did not care to raise his eyebrows, like laughing and laughing. "Whether it is a canary or a human, you have to learn to make a choice. If you want freedom of the sky, I want to stay in the side of my master, but the canary is too greedy and insatiable. Wang Ye, are you saying?"

The cautious eyes paused on Su Shi’s face for a while, only to say something plausible: “Before Han Wang’s previous visit to Han Gonggong, Han Gonggong seems to have changed a lot, not only is people becoming spiritual, Even this mouth is even more embarrassing, and the emperor can have such a hearty person to serve you. It is really a matter of envying the king."

"Wang Ye praised, the slave had just got sick before, this will be raised, where is there any spirit?" Su Shi smiled back two steps, but his heart was vaguely aware of something wrong, because In the eyes of Shen Shenfang who saw him, it clearly contained a strong hatred.

Although the other side concealed well, but escaped Su Shi’s eyes, he carefully looked through the memory of the original master, but did not find any clues that offended the cautious. It’s hard because the identity is dry. The internal manager has attracted such caution and hate it?

"Little Shunzi said that if the seven brothers really felt that the canary was pitiful, it would be better to put the birds directly." Cognac is naturally standing on the side of the sweetheart.

"The emperor said what he said." Chen Shenwen was not annoyed. He actually opened the small door of the bird cage directly in the face of Cognac and Su Shi, but I don’t know if the canary is Those who have been domesticated, or have been accustomed to the life in the cage, did not look at the door that opened in front of them, and still looked at it with a probe.

After seeing it carefully, I couldn't help but chuckle: "The former courtier was still worried that the canary was not living in the cage. Now it seems that the younger brother is more worried."

I didn’t take this again. I only asked a few small things about my daily routine, and I sent them out. Su Shi personally sent them out carefully. The road was still pretending to be authentic: “The Emperor is alone in the deep palace. It’s always inevitable that you’re lonely, and when you’re empty, please go to the palace to see the emperor.”

"You are a slave, you are doing your best, but as a slave, you always have to keep your duty." Chen smiled and looked at Su Shi, and lowered his voice. "The heart of the emperor has always been unpredictable. People, it is very likely that they will fall into the dust today, and no one knows what will happen tomorrow."

This provocative technique is really invisible in front of Su Shi. He directly set the sentence according to the original character: "It is true that the slaves should keep their duties, but this is what the master has set. What other people think and say, it has nothing to do with the slave. Moreover, the slave is the emperor's slave. No matter how the emperor treats the slave, the slave will be loyal to the emperor. Do you say it to the prince?"

"Han Gonggong is still as loyal as ever. If the emperor listened to this, he was naturally happy." The smile on the face of Shen Shen was hard to show a little tension. He stopped his footsteps. "Han The father-in-law still went back to serve the emperor, and the king would not give it to him."

"That lord is slow," Su Shi smiled and was a sigh of relief, but as soon as he turned around, there was only a piece of coldness on his face. "The ball, is there a time in the original plot that confessed to Qin Yiran? ?"

The ball quickly replied: "There was no specific time point, but it should be very small. At that time, I cautiously met the hostess on the street, and still saved her under the catastrophe. From then on, the woman remembered. This person, this was found in the memories of the female host."

"When was the moon lotus sent to Qin Yiran?" Su Shi asked.

The ball went through the original plot again: "It should be when the female host is thirteen years old. The seven princes thought that the female host had adjusted her body and sent the moon lotus to the female host. Since then, the lotus has been followed by the female. Lord."

Su Shi nodded, silently stopped talking, but the ball was provoked with a lot of curiosity: "How did the host suddenly ask this? Is there a problem?"

"The problem has become so obvious, have you not noticed yet?" Su Shi scorned the ball with a polite attitude.

The ball is running away with tears. It knows that as an advanced intelligent system, its IQ is not too high, but the host does not have to laugh at it every time? QAQ

"Do you still remember when you fell in love with Qin Yiran at first sight?" Su Shi kindly began to help the ball to answer questions, but it was in the way of asking questions.

In order to prove that he still has IQ, the ball responds instantly: "When the man and the woman met for the first time, the man was 18 years old and the woman was 14 years old. At that time, they were still careful to help them."

"The correct answer, Qin Yiran only encountered cognac when he was fourteen years old, but at a very young age, he had already encountered caution, even with his childhood, and for a lifetime, so why Qin Yiran was at the age of sixteen. Will you still enter the palace?" Su Shi's child handed the ball a encouraging look and continued to ask questions.

The ball felt that this eye not only did not encourage it, but it made it more depressed. It shook its round body and responded with a hurt: "She entered the palace for the seven kings, so she will be there two years later. With the help of Yuelian, the male owner was poisoned."

"Then the problem is coming," Su Shi erected two fingers. "When he was in contact with Qin Yiran, he had never seen Qin Yiran, but the public opinion was that she fell in love at first sight; When the lotus was given to Qin Yiran, the situation was the same. After many years, the two became the most directly useful tools for him to overcome the cognac. Do you think there is such a big coincidence in this world? Gan Shen really has a deep feeling for Qin Yiran, how can she easily let her enter the palace for her own benefit?"

"These two things are quite coincidental," the ball thought about it carefully. Finally, it reacted slowly and half-beat, and suddenly yelled. "Can it be said... Is it true that the seven kings actually have a gold that is not a prophet? Fingers, so you can count on the calculations, figure out that the man will love the woman at first sight, so that the moon is sent to the woman's side?!"

Su Shi couldn't help but rolled his eyes. He felt that the IQ gap between himself and the ball was too great. He could no longer continue to communicate: "Can you only think of this?"

Combining these things in the original plot, and then reminiscent of the strange eyes that were previously cautious, Su Shi has already guessed nine points.

The remaining point is that maybe everything is so coincidental, it is so coincidental that the hero saves the beauty, first meets Qin Yiran and falls in love, and Yuelian is indeed the one he specially sent to take care of Qin Yiran’s body. .

As for the fact that he only looks at his own eyes, he can only understand that it is caused by his own identity.

But is there really a possibility of such a series of coincidences in the world? Su Shi sneered in his heart and manually wiped that point.

The ball started to think about it for a while, and finally finally let his thinking and Su Shi's reluctance to connect: "Host the adults, do you mean that it is actually a born-again person?!"





 "Don't be a reborn person, the answer will be announced soon," Su Shi did not directly give a definite answer. "At the moment, your mission is to continue to stare at Qin Yiran, by the way, stare at it, if they have any changes. If necessary, you can directly stop it."

"Received!" The ball began to monitor the task.

After just three days, the ball came over and reported the situation to Su Shi: "Don't give the news to Yuelian, let her not take the initiative to the women, but Yuelian directly matched the news after receiving the news. A colorless and odorless poison, ready to poison the female owner."

At this time, Su Shi had just completed a round of stimulating interaction on the run of the cognac. The stunned eyes flashed, and the chin smirked with a meaningful smile: "Go, let's go and see Qin Yiran."

Yulian wants to poison Qin Yiran's practice. Su Shi can understand it, but she is careful to give the order to the moon. When she doesn't start with Qin Yiran, Su Shi has some understanding and incompetence.

For a piece that can be discarded, it is necessary to risk the exposure plan and continue to keep her? Moreover, if Qin Yiran died at this time, maybe he can use this to create some public troubles for Cognac. Isn't this a good thing?

Is it hard to be careful about Qin Yiran or true love?

Although Qin Yiran has been disgusted by cognac, he still lives in Yiran. In these few days, he has only been banned. By the way, he has been tested on food.

If this punishment is placed in the eyes of the general palace, it may not be anything at all, but it is a big insult to Qin Yiran who grew up in a honey jar since childhood.

It is a great humiliation for her not to let her go out every day. Some people even deliberately added Huanglian to her meal, which is how she can eat!

Qin Yiran had troubled this incident more than once, and even had several tears, but the palace people who had respected her before, this time was completely indifferent to her crying, even the bad words, which made her feel angry and embarrassed. The reason is that once she wants to force her out, she was dragged back by those people without dignity.

In just three days, Qin Yiran has gradually turned from the initial anger and anger to the desperate helplessness at this time. Is it necessary for her future days to continue without such dignity?

No, she will never accept such a tragic ending!

In just three days, Qin Yiran had completely forgotten the existence of Yuehong, and even forgot how she had vowed to save her from the Cautious Division.

"Yue Lian, Ah Shen has not heard the news yet?" Qin Yiran saw Yuelian carrying a food box, and the brow subconsciously picked up, and once again asked the question of how many times he had asked.

So how can she eat the food that is so bitter and difficult to swallow? If she wants to continue this way, maybe she will be killed alive!

In the lotus lotus, there was a touch of vicious disgust, but the face was hung with a gentle smile: "The slave has already handed the news out, but the prince has not yet returned the news, the goddess and will endure, presumably The prince will soon hear the news."

"How have you been through this for so long, there is no news, you will remind me again, this palace is really not a moment to continue to stay here," Qin Yiran did not notice the wrongness in Yuelian’s eyes, one person There was a complaint from himself. "The reason why the palace was invited to the palace was all for him. Now that the palace is so humiliated by the man, how can he not ask? Ask him to take the palace out of the palace as soon as possible. Go, this palace no longer wants to stay in this ghost place!"

Yuelian puts out the food in the food box, and the tone is still indifferent: "The goddess still comes to use some meals first, no matter what the goddess wants to do, always have to raise the body first."

Qin Yiran glanced at the food with a deep dislike: "Is it added with Huanglian? What is so bitter, how can this palace be eaten!"

"If the maiden can't eat these things, don't you try this bowl of cheese? This is the slave who spent the silver and asked the master in the imperial kitchen. There is no berberine in it." Yuelian picked up a bowl of cheese and sent it to Qin Yiran. go with.

Qin Yiran listened to these words, but the first reaction was not a surprise. Instead, he accused the truth: "Since you have spent a lot of money, you can tell them not to let Huang connect in. Then why haven’t you done this before? Are you also with those outside? Like people, deliberately want to watch this palace suffer?"

Yuelian bit his teeth, and the fingertips of the bowl are white. "How can the slaves think this way? The former slaves were not tried, but the people in the imperial kitchen refused. This slave also spent a lot of effort. The bowl of cheese that I got."

Qin Yiran snorted and took the cheese. First, he stirred it with a spoon. When the honey and cheese spread on it, they scooped up under the gaze of Yuelian and slowly sent it to the mouth.

However, it was at this time that there was a sudden long tone from the outside: "And slow!"

Qin Yiran acted a bit, and some reluctantly put the cheese down, and Yuelian’s eyes were full of resentment, only a little bit, obviously only a little bit, why did someone come over this time!

As for why, naturally, because Su Shi is such a time, such a bad taste.

"Host adult, you know, you are really bad." The ball circled on the side, obviously already near the place, but it is necessary to pick the most critical moment to appear, this is not a heart toss.

"Isn't this the correct way to open the plot?" Su Shi smirked and smiled, and I was just looking at the innocent look of the plot.

When Qin Yiran saw Su Shi, his eyes immediately slammed: "You are a shameless slave, how dare you appear in front of this palace!"

"The Niangniang is angry, the slaves come here today, but it is not to discuss, the slave is to save your life." Qin Yiran stunned, Su Shi is not annoyed at all, because he knows that he will put these soon The swearing words are returned ten times in another form.

"Save the life of the palace? The palace is still alive now, where do you need this despicable slave to save? And you are not qualified to ask the palace!" Even though the situation is already very lonely, Qin Yiran is still a little bit Unambiguously raised her noble chin.

Su Shi smiled and his eyes fell on the bowl of cheese without warning. The words that were said were also scared to the presence of a few people with the same color: "I don’t think the girl has already been poisoned in this bowl of cheese?"

After Qin Yiran stunned, he reacted, and the voice said sharply: "What do you say?! How can this bowl of cheese be poisonous!"

Su Shigang just wants to announce the answer, then he listened to Qin Yiran’s self-talking words: “I know, you must be right! You want to poison me, so I deliberately asked people to prepare this bowl without adding berberine. cheese!"

"..." Brain supplement is a disease, it is ruled, and Su Shi is speechless. "Mother, please use your IQ with only a small amount to think about it. If the poison in this bowl of cheese is really mine, I will appear in time when you are about to eat this bowl of cheese, and stop you? Is this a fool who wants to come out?"

However, Qin Yiran is obviously a fool in the idiot. Her attention is actually placed on: "You dare to say that this palace is a fool, you commit the following crimes, you simply sin!"

Su Shi turned his eyes blindly and silently. Sure enough, the IQ gap between himself and Qin Yiran was much larger than that of the ball. He did not expect the stupid pig like Qin Yiran to keep up with his own rhythm. I can only try to understand the location of the center: "The Niangniang, IMHO, the poison in this bowl of cheese is under the moon girl standing next to you, even this poison is personally prepared by her."

Qin Yiran looked at Yuelian subconsciously, and was shocked and suspicious. Yuelian’s heart jumped and his voice eloquently pleaded for himself: “Han Gonggong, since the accident of the maiden, the people who served around have only one slave, slave If you are loyal to the maiden, how can you poison the maiden?"

In this case, the best way to abuse the face is not to argue with the other party about these useless nonsense, but to come up with solid and powerful evidence, to beat each other’s face, and to enjoy the other party’s calmness. The process of gradual collapse and ultimately painful despair.

Su Shi smiled and clap his hands, and soon a royal doctor came in and licked the bowl of cheese for a long time, and finally concluded: "Han Gonggong, this bowl of cheese was poisoned, this poison is colorless and tasteless. But only a little is enough to kill."

Su Shi nodded and took a clap. This time, the two masters of the imperial kitchen came in.

The two walked in one after the other, did not wait for Su Shi to ask questions, they took the initiative to confess: "A quarter of an hour ago, Yi Lianju's Yuelian girl went to the imperial kitchen, wanting to use a pair of silver for a bowl of cheese, the slave did not agree. Later, when the miners were cleaning the imperial kitchen, they found a paper bag in the corner."

At this time, the royal doctor interjected: "I have already checked the paper bag before, and the contents of the bag are really poisonous and exactly the same as the bowl of cheese."

Another master swallowed nervously and honestly said: "The girl of Yuelian also went to find a slave. The slaves were fascinated, and they agreed, and divided the cheese prepared for Han Gonggong into a bowl of lotus girl. But the minion can swear to the sky, there is absolutely no problem with the bowl of cheese, and the paper bag is never brought into the slave!"

Yuelian didn't expect Su Shi to come with someone. He had already found something he deliberately placed in the imperial kitchen. Some of his hearts began to panic: "The cheese is indeed a slave and exchanged for silver, but the slave is only The distressed maiden can only use the meal with huanglian every day, which is a last resort. Why does Han Gonggong think that the poison is a slave?"

Su Shi did not take care of Yuelian at all, and directly claped and recruited two palace ladies. Both of them were the sisters of Yiranju.

The two men apparently got the instructions in advance, and one of them directly said: "The girl of Yuelian is leaving the Yiranju every day to help her mother to take the meal. It is not until 2 o'clock in the afternoon, but today it is noon. The engraved party came back."

Another palace girl said: "In the past, the lotus girl took the meal and returned it to the maiden. The slaves today saw her returning to her room first. After a while, she sent the meal to the maiden."

"I just got back to the house and got something, and this is another evidence!" Yuelian is especially arguing.

Su Shi’s eyes couldn’t see the moon in the Yellow River’s heart. She also appreciated the fascinating expression on her face. At this time, I finally slowly took out a paper bag from my sleeve: “Moon Lotus girl went back to the house to get it. Is this something? Even the poison that is contained in the bed is embedded in the dark space in the wall. The girl of Yuelian is really good-hearted."





 Yuelian’s nephew won the boss in an instant, and he clearly hidden the things very secretly. How could this person find it easily!

However, Su Shi has already said clearly where she hides her things. Even if she wants to refute again, Yue Lian has nothing to say, and she can only stand there in a disfigurement.

It’s over, it’s all over!

Qin Yiran was stupid like a pig, but after watching it for so long, and seeing Yuelian reacting like this, she also knew what happened to this incident. She was shocked to despise Yuelian, and she still could not believe it. The person who poisoned himself, turned out to be the moon lotus that he has always trusted.

When Qin Yiran finally digested this matter, she was so angry that she directly slaps on the face of Yuelian: "You are ungrateful and guilty, this palace has always been waiting for you not thin, why do you want to harm this palace?! ”

If the Xiaoshunzi did not appear in time, if she really ate the bowl of cheese, Qin Yiran simply couldn’t continue to think about it. Today, Qin Yiran knew that the lotus that followed her for three years turned out to be a Outright white-eyed wolf!

Qin Yiran's long nails are drawn on the face of Yuelian, and a few blood marks are drawn. Yuelian is beaten too far, but there is a thick killing in her eyes. Since she is finished, she always pulls herself. Give yourself a back!

Thinking about it, Yuelian grabbed Qin Yiran’s wrist, and the other hand held a fine needle that was picked up from the sleeve and shimmered in black and black light. The finger flipped and slammed it to Qin Yiran. Qin Yiran was directly on the spot and had no reaction at all.

However, just in the moment when Yuelian was about to succeed, a slim hand stretched out from one side and effortlessly grabbed the hand of Yuelian holding the poison needle.

"Hey, it's really poisonous." Su Shi looked at the poison needle, and said with an understatement, while using the hand of Yuelian, she directly stabbed the poison needle into her neck.

Yuelian used all her strength but could only watch the scene with her eyes wide open. She looked at the poison she had configured and used it in her own way!

All the strength was exhausted in an instant, and Su Shi released her hand, and Yuelian fell directly on the ground. At this time, there was only a blank in her mind, and her breath was so scary.

At the same time she fell to the ground, and Qin Yiran still in fear, the scene just scared Qin Yiran's courage, she stayed for a while, then suddenly woke up, no image Hands and feet used to climb away from the moon lotus, for fear that she would start to look at herself again.

Su Shi clap his hands and sit back on the chair. He looks at the two looks like a wretched look. He smiles and smiles at the moon. "The poison that I personally configured is used on my own body. Does the girl like Liulian feel very happy?" ”

"Han Shun, you can't die!" Yuelian trembled and rubbed his neck, and his body had no strength, but his mouth became more and more vicious.

Su Shi picked up her eyebrows and felt a little happy in her heart, because this is the first time since he passed, someone called his full name and has not yet taken the word "Gonggong".

"It's a pity. Even if this sentence can come true, you can't seem to see it. Maybe you can take your last dream before you die. So you can do it." Su Shi chuckled and smirked. Yuelian waved his hand. "So, goodbye."

Yuelian is under the gaze of Su Shi’s smile, and she is not willing to close her eyes with full of resentment.

The ball feels awkward when it looks at it. It believes that even if it is not poisoned, it is estimated that it will be killed by its own host: "Hosting adults, do you really need to do this?"

"Do you think she is very pitiful?" Su Shi raised his eyebrows and glanced at the ball.

The ball immediately stunned: "I am... I feel that her death is a bit scary."

Su Shi looked at the ball with a look that "you really are too naive": "No matter what her death, death is a relief for her, because only living people will be abused. Even worse."

In fact, according to Su Shi’s bad taste, the scum can not be so simple and rude, but Yuelian did not directly offend him before, after all, Su Shi’s reason for her will be because the original lover is dead in her own story. Under the poison that this person has configured, it is now a matter of letting her die under her own poison.

When the ball heard this, it was scared again. The eyes could not help but move to Qin Yiran, who was still on the ground and did not have the strength to climb up. At the same time, a strong sympathy was raised.

After Su Shi asked someone to lift the body of Yuelian, he retired the others, leaving Qin Yiran to sit face to face with himself: "Is the girl must be scared?"

Qin Yiran's hand holding the cup was shaking, his face was very pale, and at this moment she still couldn't speak.

"The goddess knows why the girl of Yuelian wants to poison you?" Su Shi also held a teacup, but it was a calm and calm appearance.

Qin Yiran drank two teas, and he dumbly hated and said: "The palace has always been rude to the ungrateful, and how can we know why she is poisoning this house!"

"The sissy is forgotten, who is the girl who sent the girl to the girl?" Su Shi has a full understanding of Qin Yiran's IQ, and does not expect her to find the right direction.

Qin Yiran stunned and then fiercely denied: "It can never be him!"

"Who can't be who? What kind of person is the niece talking about?" Su Shi smiled and asked.

Qin Yi then realized that she seemed to have exposed something. She subconsciously tightened her lips and stopped talking. Su said that she smiled for a moment and put down the teacup: "Is the Niangniang saying seven kings?"

Qin Yiran instantly opened his eyes and succeeded in using the expression to express "How do you know this secret?" This sentence was fully expressed.

"Seven princes sent the moon lotus to the niece at the age of thirteen. After three years, Lian Lian has been dedicated to serving the maiden, but the maiden really thought that in just three years, she could forget her true Who is the master?" Su Shi continued to scream in the eyes of Qin Yiran's shocked eyes. "Today, the lotus is daring to poison the goddess. The goddess thinks that besides the seven kings, who can refer to make her move?" ”

Qin Yiran shook his head with squinting eyes: "Impossible, it can never be him! He clearly loves me so much, how can he let Yuelian start with me? This is absolutely impossible!"

Su Shi couldn't help but laugh, Qin Yiran really surprised people. If his purpose is to investigate the inside story between Qin Yiran and Chen Shen, then Qin Yiran is not a trick. Alright?

"Yes and no, the goddess must have made a decision in the heart, but the slaves still have to rush to say more," Su Shi likes to do this kind of great fight, especially seeing Qin Yiran struggling with this. He is even more happy. "Since the Niangniang and the Seven Kings are in love with each other, they have to settle for life for a long time, but why should they invite themselves to the palace? Could it be that the seven kings are for this, will they kill the maiden?"

"It's not like this at all!" Qin Yiran, who had no brains, was the opponent of Su Shi. He was so excited by the other party that he would not be tempted again. "The reason why the palace will be invited to the palace is all for Ah. Shen! He said that he wants the palace to be close to the emperor, but in the future..."

Qin Yiran’s words were half, and the exposure was almost revealed. Only then did he come back and quickly slammed his mouth: “You...you are deliberately introducing the palace!”

Su Shi smiled, and the bomber swayed slowly and stood up: "The niece is more worried, and the slave is just a good heart to remind the maiden, saving the niece from being speculative and continuing to be in the drum. Since the maiden has decided in mind, The slaves didn't bother, the niece was so self-sufficient."

After all, Su Shi went out with a faint smile. Qin Yiran was shocked and wanted to chase it out. However, the two eunuchs who were on the sides of the door stopped and could only stand up and squat.

After Su Shi walked out of the main hall of Yiranju, he did not rush to leave, but went to the partial hall. In the temple, the cognac had been sitting there for a while, and the look was tight and I didn't know what to think.

"The emperor has waited for a long time, and the minions have disposed of the disposal." Su Shi was a sorcerer and smiled on his face.

The cognac eyes looked at Su Shi intricately, and after a long while, he slowly stood up and said: "Go."

After that, I did not mention the words I had heard in the partial hall. Su Shi also pretended not to know anything. She was wearing a green hat by a woman she once liked, and she was also emotionally and careerly by her own brother. On the double betrayal, no matter which one is put out is a very shameful thing, Su Shi still quite understands the mood of cognac at the moment.

This evening, in order to take into account the cognac, Su Shi did not take out the cards that wrote the cognac food, let him turn over, and helped him to change his clothes without deliberately licking him. It seemed to be very clever and honest.

However, when Su Shi waited for the cognac to change clothes and prepare to go back to the temple to go to sleep, he was still screamed: "Small straight, you sit with you."

"Well." Su Shi decided to act as a close-knit lover and listen carefully to Cognac's self-monopolism.

Su Shiben wanted to sit on the pedals in a minutely manner. Who knows that he hadn’t sat down yet, he was stretched out and reached for the bed. Su Shi moved and did not earn his hand, but also had to rely on it. He is.

When a lover encounters such a major blow, he always has to be considerate, even though he is still in a special period of accounting with the other party.

Su Shi and Cognac sat shoulder to shoulder and sat for a while, only to hear the dry voice with a low voice: "Why do you want to take the moon's life?"

"Hey?" Su Shi’s trousers were all off, and the result was that this was actually this?

Dry and looking directly at Su Shi’s eyes, one word at a time: “Moonlian is a palace lady who is next to Qin Yiran, but she has not offended you, why must she kill her?”

Su Shi wanted to remove her gaze, but she was dried up and held her face with both hands. She couldn’t move. Su Shi had to smile: "What did the emperor say? The slave was only because she saw her dare to work on Yi Niang. In a hurry, this is a last resort."

"Not like this." Cognac denied Su Shi's explanation in one sentence, and it was a very positive tone.

Su Shi’s attention to Cognac was so helpless that he was so helpless. At the same time, he felt very surprised that he was only interested in killing Yuelian by his voice. He couldn’t help but sigh in his heart. "Probably think of such a woman. If she stays in the palace, it will pose a threat to the safety of the emperor, so the minion will do it."

What happened in the original plot can actually be regarded as an unsuccessful plot, but Su Shi can't tolerate the death of his lover if he thinks that his lover has lost his hand.

Thinking of this, Su Shi’s mouth can’t help but feel a bitter smile, so he is probably sick too?

Cognac held Su Shi’s face and looked at him seriously: “It’s all for the sake of you. Anyway, you can say this, you are very happy.”





 Speaking of warm words, Su Shi heard a little sadness in the dry voice. When she thought about it, Su Shi immediately realized that she was aware that she was lying, so he Is this eating your own vinegar?

This jealous direction is quite interesting. Su Shi did not explain much in a bad way: "The emperor's problem slave has already answered, I wonder if there are other orders from the emperor?"

"You go to rest." Cognac waved his hand and let the person go.

Su Shi ran to sleep quietly, but did not know that after he left, it was tossing and turning all night.

Even when Qin Yiran was most concerned about the time, Cognac had never suffered such a loss. Because of Su Shi’s lie, he felt uneasy, and even his heart gave birth to a bit of unbearable suffocation.

I am afraid that Xiaoshun has already reached the point of being crazy.

Cognac does not even dare to think about it. If Xiaoshunzi never notices his own thoughts, he will not have the same thoughts on himself. How can he continue to get along with Xiaoshunzi?

Maybe it will be that day, he will not be able to control his own monopoly desire, forcibly lock the small straight son around?

Dry up and raise his hand to cover his own eyes, want to cover the complex and incomprehensible turbulent emotions inside, but almost at the moment of closing his eyes, his eyes suddenly appear small straight eyebrows, small straight The figure, the smile of Xiao Shunzi’s mouth, and the ten tiny fingers that once walked in front of him...

Dry and vomiting a vomit, and the right hand slowly slides down uncontrollably...

On the second day, it was a big sunny day. Su Shi calmly continued to carry out a fierce attack on Cognac, but he was completely ignorant of his affection, and it looked so bad.

The eyes that looked at Su Shi were dark and dark. In his heart, he enjoyed Su Shi’s trust and admiration for his total unpreparedness, but he was annoyed that he did not even notice his own mind, and even had a faint desire. I am trapped in my heart, and the urge to love day and night is constantly growing.

Love to a certain extent, it will really become a madness.

When Su Shi’s fingertips swept past his chest again, his dry eyes caught his hand in a dull manner, and his breathing became thick and heavy in an instant, and his chest was fluctuating.

Su Shi slowly raised her head, her face full of confusion and worry: "The emperor, what's wrong with you? But the body is not feeling? Do you want to ask the doctor to ask the doctor to be the emperor?"

"No," the dry voice was hoarse. He looked down and looked at Su Shi for a moment, and then he barely pressed his heart and asked, "Small straight, can you have a happy person?" ”

Yes, this person is standing in front of his own eyes. Su Shi thinks in his heart, but there is a bitter bitterness on the surface: "How did the emperor ask this? The slave is just a broken person. What kind of person will there be? The emperor is not going to be a fun slave."

"This way..." Cognac slowly loosened Su Shi’s hand and sighed like a sigh. "There was no such thing as a small straight."

Su Shi just grinned and didn't talk any more, but after she left, she slowly emerged a ridiculously ridiculous chuckle. Is it really fascinating to be a lover? It seems that the time for the general ledger is coming soon.

Although Su Shi has occupied almost all the thoughts of cognac, some things still have to be disposed of.

After this day, the cognac will be carefully called into the palace. The two brothers sat down and played the game. No one spoke in the process. The person who lost the last time was careful.

"The younger chess is not refined, so the emperor is watching the joke." This time, she went to the palace carefully, and did not mention the bird cage. The hand was more than a folding fan, and the words above were still dried up.

"It’s just a game of chess. If you lose, you lose. It’s nothing, but there are some things. Once you lose, you are afraid that it will fall into the land of eternal annihilation.” Cognac hangs and throws the pieces on the board to the chess. Pick up in the box.

Dry and cautious, the eyes flashed like a puzzle: "Is there such a terrible thing in this world? But I don't know which one the emperor said?"

Dry and squatting looked at the folding fan in the hands of Shen Shen, the look looked calm: "Hey is talking about himself, sitting in this position, if it is unclear, a little poor pool, it may be the end of the eternal."

"The emperor has always been wise and martial, and he will know people unclear?" The hand holding the chess piece was tight, but the look was still gentle.

After drying up, I looked at it for a moment, then sighed a little: "Is there seventeen years after the Seventh Brothers?"

"The younger brother is really approaching the 17th, but I don't know why the emperor said this?" Chen Shen smiled slightly, and the appearance of a brother and brother.

Cognac throws the last piece into the chess box and picks up the cloth towel to wipe the hand. "There is a lot of Jiangnan, there are so many talents, and I will get you a piece of land from there. How do you see it?"

These words came too suddenly. I was good at camouflage again. I heard that the words were also really good for a while, and I just decided to set my mind: "Is this what the emperor is? Isn’t it abandoning the younger brother who is not learning, not lost? Your face, you have to send the younger brother far away?"

The words of caution are respectful, but there is a bit of grievance in the tone. As if to hear this, the first thing that comes to mind is not to be a prince, to be rewarded, but to be a younger brother, but to be driven away by his brother. .

After doing a good job, I looked at it carefully for a while, and finally just smiled and said: "Hey, this is just a joke with you. If you are lacking, you will not leave you."

After all, Cognac got up and went straight into the inner hall.

Gan Shen alone sat alone for a while, his eyes were clearly extinguished, and eventually he recovered the light and pale appearance of the past, stepping on the idle steps and going out to the palace.

Su Shi, who was informed of this matter, actually couldn’t understand the practice of cognac. Knowing that this person has reversed the opposite, but only wants to send people out. Doesn’t this mean raising a tiger?

In the end, it’s because of the brothers, so I can’t do so hot and desperate. Su Shi’s thoughts can only explain the dryness of this way, but when he discovers that, after a few days, he will summon the major courtiers every day. And the candlelight night talks until late at night, and even sent a person to go outside the investigation of the seven kings, only to wake up.

As a lover of your own, how could it be that indecisive person?

At the same time, Su Shi also learned from the ball that the cautious days were also very busy, and the entire Seven Wangfu House was a lively atmosphere of a group of guests.

So, the two brothers are planning to face up?

"Hosting adults, although the male lord is not the mentally retarded one with zero intelligence before, but if it is really reborn, it has obviously been deployed for many years. I think the male actor may not be a cautious opponent, so now what should we do? Can you do it?” Su Shi is still not in a hurry. The ball is already in a hurry, and the float in the house does not stop.

Su Shi held the book and blinked his eyes. The cold ball asked: "Who are you thinking about mental retardation?"

The ball instantly scared the hair: "I, I, I... I am talking about my own QAQ!" Is it now that even the right to describe the facts is gone?

Su Shi then regained his gaze and underestimated the authenticity: "Is the information you recorded recorded?"

"Already remembered" the ball continued to circle, before Su Shi gave it a task, let it record and carefully list the officials, and the details of their conversation, "but the man Are you not investigating this now?"

"Don't you use it even more than the man around you?" Su Shi stunned the ball.

The ball is again fried, this time it is mad: "How is this possible! The information I recorded is definitely much clearer, more detailed and more accurate than the male master!"

Su Shi nodded and turned the book one page. By the way, he issued a new task: "Take that information and write it in a way that is consistent with the state of the world."

"..." In a way that is consistent with the state of the world's development, can you only use a brush? The ball looked at the detailed information that I recorded, and I just wanted to cry. Why does it always have the illusion that the host adult is in the communique!

However, the ball is not a ball, although the workload is very large, but under the premise of manipulating ten brush at the same time, it took less than half a day to complete the task.

Waiting for this task to be completed, the ball cried and swear in the heart, even if the man is indeed a mentally retarded person without IQ, it must also be praised as the only high-skilled businessman in the world.

Su Shi, who bullied enough of his own system, asked people to hold these important information, and he was happy to find a dry one.

When Su Shi walked to the royal study room, Cognac just sent a group of people, sitting on the dragon chair and squinting at the eyebrows. Su Shi took the thick rice paper from the small **** behind him and walked into the royal study room.

Dryness heard the movement and opened the scorpion. While seeing Su Shi, his eyes softened from cold and cold: "How come you?"

"The slaves came to give the emperor some good things," Su said with a slight smile, putting a thick piece of rice paper on the right hand side of the cognac. "The emperor asked me."

Cognac looked at Su Shi with a suspicious look, took a piece of rice paper on the top and swept it, his eyes flashed brightly, and he flipped over the rice paper below, and the whole person immediately became spiritual.

He looked up at Su Shi, just about to ask questions, but he saw Su Shi’s eyes and said one step at a time: "The emperor can never ask the slaves where this is from, otherwise the slaves will be very embarrassed."

Cognac and Su Shi looked at each other for a moment, and finally they didn’t ask anything. They just looked down and began to check the contents of the rice paper. Su Shi saw that the tea in front of the cognac had cooled down and smiled to help him change. New tea.

No matter in which world, the lover has always been like this, even if he knows that there are many secrets in his body, he will never force himself to give an explanation.

After the cognac read all the contents on the rice paper, the sky outside has been blackened. I don’t know when the candle has been lit in the royal study. When I just raised my head, I saw a cup of tea that was steaming and sent. before.

"The emperor first drink hot tea to solve the problem." Su Shili smiled on his side.

Dryness only felt warm, took the cup, and suddenly thought of what frowned: "You have been standing here?"

"Yeah, the slaves should naturally serve in the emperor. Is there anything wrong with this?" Su Shi looked at Cognac inexplicably.

The dry brow wrinkled even more. He pointed to the chair on the side: "Who told you to stand for so long? You are going to sit there."

Su Shi smiled a little, and when he walked down to the chair, he sat down. The dry face was slightly relieved. The fingertips pointed out on the thick rice paper: "These things sent by Xiao Shunzi, for you. It’s very important, I really don’t know how to thank you.”

"The emperor's words are called slaves and fears. Serving the emperor is a part of the slave. If you can worry about the emperor, it is also a privilege of the slaves. However," Su Shi said here, paused for a while before continuing. "The slaves Fan really has a ruthless appeal."

"You said." Cognac nodded.

Su Shi looked straight at the cognac and said his request: "The slave wants to see the seven kings before the emperor makes a decision."





 Hearing this, the dry face was black: "Where are you going to see him?"

Seeing this look like cognac, Su Shi does not have to guess that this person is jealous again. He can't help but seriously reflect on it. Is it that he is too embarrassed to lead his lover so jealous?

I have to say that this result is really... very popular, Su Shi decided to continue.

Su Shi’s heart is very happy, but there is a look of embarrassment on the surface: “The slave can't tell the emperor the reason, but the slave can guarantee that the slave will never give birth to any unfavorable thoughts on the emperor, but also hope that the emperor can promise the slave. this matter."

Dry eyes stared at Su Shi for a while, Su Shi did not squat, and looked at the cognac with his innocent eyes. In the end, he still sighed and sighed, his heart sighed. I want to kill, but I can’t say a word to my sweetheart: "Tomorrow will accompany you in the past."

"I don't have to go over the emperor?" Su Shi directly replied, seeing the dry face suddenly darker, and Su Shi was more happy. "The slave is saying that now the seven kings are thinking and plotting. If the emperor goes directly, he may be born out of danger, so he also hopes that the emperor will not take the risk of being a slave."

Cognac put the teacup on the case and made a crisp sound. Although the sound was majestic, it seemed to reveal a taste of grievance: "Since you also know that the Seven Kings House is not safe, why is it still going? Do you think you will not worry about you?"

Su Shi seems to be shocked by this movement, busy standing up to admit his mistake, voice humility: "The slaves know the wrong, since the emperor does not want to let the slaves go, then the slaves do not go, the emperor must not be angry with the slaves. ""

I can listen to this, but I only feel that my heart is more blocked. What he wants is not a straightforward attitude of Xiao Shunzi. What he wants is the heart and body of this person!

Although this person thinks about himself and always thinks about himself, he is not doing what he wants and wants. This kind of humility and humility will only make Cognac more stagnation and boredom.

Cognac stared at Su Shi’s low-hanging head and looked at it for a while. The back of the hand holding the armrest of the chair was covered with blue veins, and the inner suffocation almost could not be controlled, but they were finally suppressed by the cognac.

Absolutely not, hurt the most concerned person.

Cognac closed his eyes and slowly stood up from the dragon chair, and walked away from the sleeves until he was about to step out of the temple. He paused for a moment, and Su Shi said behind him: "Alum will send you to go. Seven Wangfu House."

After all, Cognac did not give Su Shi a chance to respond, and he quickly left the Yu Shufang.

Su Shi slowly raised her head, and the corner of her mouth did not know when it evoked a pleasant arc. The ball looked at it and couldn’t help but worry about the tunnel: "How do you think that the man is like a terrible look that is going to be blackened?" ?"

Just as the man looks at the eyes of his own host, the ball is a bystander, but the complexity is almost impossible to analyze the results with its huge database. As a high-level intelligent system, the ball feels a bit scary at first glance. That looks so terrible.

"Yes? That's great." Wen Yan, the curvature of Su Shi's mouth seems more obvious.

The ball was almost scared by Su Shi’s reaction. Why did it suddenly feel that it was more terrible than the black-minded man? QAQ

On the second day of the second day, Su Shi went to the Seventh Royal Palace in the palace. There were forty Yu-Wei martial arts and high-strength Yu Linwei. This kind of squad is not small. Su Shi himself feels somewhat flattered.

On the road, the ball rushed to and fro in the carriage: "Host owner, why do you have to go to see it? This man will definitely be unhappy."

"I did this to make him unhappy," Su Shi smiled and smiled at the ball. "Of course, I have been curious about what I experienced before I was careful."

"..." The host's bad taste is still not understood, but for the story that was not in the original plot, the ball is actually very curious.

After the ball was quiet, Su Shi sat there and closed her eyes, but there was a meaningful smile on her lips.

Cognac deliberately mentioning the land in front of the cautious, it does have the purpose of forcing the other side to show the horse's feet, but is this not an opportunity to give another choice?

So after all, do you really don’t want to really start with your own brother?

Since the lover doesn't want to do it, then the problem is solved by him. Moreover, if the lover wastes too much energy on such things, he can't be completely stunned by him. Su Shi is still waiting for the other person to become a hungry wolf. It.

When I think of the cute appearance that may appear when my lover is blackened, Su Shi thinks that there is still a little excitement. If the ball knows that its own host is so heavy, it will be scared to faint.

Because Su Shi was the Seventh King's Mansion, which was carried out under the banner of Cognac, it was received by the Seven Kings with great care and grandeur. The cognac seemed to be no different from the last time, but the eyes had a faint cyan.

"Han Gonggong came here today, but what is the order of the emperor?" Chen Shen held the folding fan in his hand and smiled and asked.

Su Shi waved his hand and looked at the next person serving in the room: "I have a few words to talk to the Seven Kings alone. I wonder if the Seven Kings can do it easily?"

The cautious eyes flashed a little, and without hesitation, the other people in the house were all retired. Su Shi naturally also forced the people he brought out.

"There is nothing wrong with Su Gonggong, but it is no problem." He cautiously sat casually, holding a cup of tea in his hand.

"Seven princes thought that what is the meaning of a person's rebirth?" Su Shi is also drinking tea in a good way, but when it comes to exporting, it is to make a cautious look, and almost spit out the tea in the mouth.

Carefully squeezed the teacup in his hand, scorning Su Shi like a ghost, and couldn’t speak for a moment.

"Rebirth probably means that everything can be restarted, and what has been unsatisfactory will be turned into a wish. It will be yours if it has not belonged to you." Su Shi blows the tea floating on the water, looks inexplicably Take a cautious look, "Don't kill those who have offended you, and let those who love you enjoy the glory. Is this probably the meaning of rebirth?"

The cautious throat was rolled uncontrollably. His eyes fixed on Su Shi, his voice was no longer calm and gentle: "What do you want to say?"

"If I said, I am also a born-again person?" Su Shi’s eyes, watching the cautious expression once again changed dramatically, Su Shi could not help but sneer, "But I am living with you now. In the same world, it may be born again from a different world, so Wang Ye wants to know my story?"

I was careful not to talk, but my eyes were complicated and inconspicuously staring at Su Shi.

Su Shi did not need to respond with caution. He drank a cup of tea and told it in an understatement: "I was also a red man around the emperor. I served the emperor since I was a child. I have to pay attention to it, but since I was in the palace, I have been in the palace. Later, for some reason, the minions no longer have the favor of the emperor.

Although I was inevitably a bit guilty, but in the end I was only a slave. The master’s business was not a slave. I didn’t think about what to do, but until one day, I accidentally heard Yi. A dialogue between the 妃 妃 娘 and the seven princes..."

The sound of "啪" was the sound of the tea cup being shattered in the hands of Shen Shen. The tea inside splashed out, and it fell on the mahogany case. It was like being shocked by this movement, and quickly got up. A few steps back, but the white robes are still inevitably dipped in some tea, as well as a few pieces of tea.

"Why is Wang Ye so flustered? It’s rare to meet someone who has experienced similar experiences. Shouldn't Wang Wang feel happy?" Su Shi looked up at her cautiously, squinting her head, and her eyes were opposite. His mouth suddenly evoked a strange arc. "Is it still said that the words of the slaves scare the prince?"

Carefully looking at Su Shi’s eyes, he was panicked, unbelievable, and resentful. His lips almost became a line. At this moment, his mind was in chaos, and countless thoughts overlapped and entangled in Together, let him completely grasp the key points.

"Speaking, I am also very unlucky. I have stolen the kind of dialogue that is very dangerous, but I was accidentally discovered by the prince, so the final end of the minion, presumably the prince should be more clear than the slave?" Slowly put down the cup and continue to talk lie, the curvature of the corner of the mouth is more and more inexplicable. "Wang Ye has already listened to my story. Is it time to tell your story? I am very curious about this." ”

The cautious eyes swam around, and after a while, finally re- calmed down: "Han Gonggong's story is really wonderful, but the king does not understand, what is rebirth? What is the different world? Han Gonggong this should not Will it be a konjac?"

"Wang Ye's reaction is really admirable. I have said this to the extent that Wang Ye still wants to continue to play stupid?" Su Shi said, "tsk tsk" two voices, squinting and squinting, "still said that Wang Ye is Want to get rid of me with such a name? This idea is not bad, but if I said, before I came here, I already told the emperor about it?"

The cautious eyes slammed and the heart raised a strong anger that was debunked.

Han Shun is a red man next to the emperor, but he is a slave after all, especially if he is a slave to the emperor. He can put him to death, but if all these emperors are aware of it, The situation is very different.

Dryly bite his teeth, and the fierce and poisonous sputum in the scorpion finally showed it unabashedly: "Han Shun, don't forget, here is the Seven Kings House."

Su Shi’s bomber swayed slowly and stood up. The original head was not tall. Even if both of them stood, Su Shi had to look up and look at it carefully: “I certainly know where it is, but if I want If you say this, under the universal sky, it’s the king’s land. The seven kings’ palaces are still the emperor.”

The emperor is mine.

"This king does not make such a dispute with you. If you dare to appear here today, you should know your own end." Chen cautiously bite his teeth and is about to clap the person to come in, but Su Shi raised his hand to stop it. .

"Wang Ye is slow," Su Shi raised his hand. "I am just a small **** with no hands and no strength. I can't hurt Wang Ye. Is Wang Ye so anxious to ask people to do something? Hey, he also listened to the slaves and finished talking."

Although she has doubts in her heart, she vaguely feels that this person’s words may be important to herself, and she stopped her action: "If you have anything, you will quickly say that this is your last chance."

"Wang Ye does not feel tired when standing? Let's sit down and talk slowly?" Su Shi found a chair to sit down, although the momentum does not lose to the other side, but he does not like this feeling of looking up at others.

After a careful pause, I sat down at the door.

"Wang Ye already knows the death of Yuelian?" Su Shi threw the first question.

Do not speak carefully, it seems that I don't care about this issue.

Su Shi did not mind, and continued to understate: "I heard that Yuelian and Yueliu are both prostitutes who served the prince since childhood, but why the prince did not care about the death of Yuelian, but specifically for three days ago. Will Liu Liu send out the Seven Kings House?"





 The cautious look has changed dramatically in an instant, and it is in stark contrast with the calmness of the genius. Su Shi feels interesting and sighs: "Yuelian, Yueliu, the names of the two are very similar, but it is completely different. Hey."

I was so cautious but I didn’t have the heart to listen to this. At the moment, he thought that when he sent Yueliu to the palace three days ago, in order to prevent someone from seeing it, he specially found a crime on the moon, and it was still the same. How can Hanshun know about this when several other prostitutes played the palace?

Is he deliberately deceiving himself or is he really aware of something?

Being carefully used such a stunned look, Su Shi was a little unhappy, and scorned a sigh: "Wang Ye don't look at me with this kind of gaze, but I have a heart, you guessed it." My mind, I will not empathize."

Dry and careful with a serious expression of panic and dignity, as if forced to stuff a fly into his mouth: "Han Shun, you should not be too arrogant! After all, you are just a slave, this king is The real master!"

Su Shi’s heart was really enjoying the feeling of playing with the lover in the dark, but the words of Shen Shen made him very unhappy. It seems that he needs to enlarge the trick: “I seem to have forgotten and Wang Ye said that although I and Wang Ye are both born again, there is a big difference between rebirth and rebirth, because when I was born again, I also opened a pair of 'eyes'."

Hearing this, the cautious expression became more ugly, like a fly was forced to add a fly.

The ball that has been on the sidelines is also silently hangs the black line. From the perspective of the self-hosting skills of this host, even if it is added to the family, it can only give him 22 points, because this is too much. Second, there are wood!

Just hearing such a thing, the ball can not help but feel extremely shame, so it is really incomprehensible, how the host itself is doing this with a cool expression.

"Looking at the appearance of Wang Ye, it seems that I didn't understand what I meant?" Su Shi did not feel that he had said a second sentence, and continued to sneak a sneak peek at all the expressions. "The so-called open eyes, it is said Everything in this world can cover my eyes. So even if the prince is stupid again, he should always understand it?"

The ball silently turned away, so I want to break into the dormant state directly?

Su Shi was so troubled, but he was relaxed and relaxed. He sneered, and the words were ridiculous: "I see Han Gonggong is really a konjac? Can you say such absurd words so loudly? ""

Su Shi is not annoyed, just an understatement: "Five days ago, at three o'clock in the afternoon, you were alone in the secret room under the study, and made a love poem written to Yue Liu; three days ago, at the moment of Shen, Liu Liu in the study In the middle of your grinding, you missed the downfall, but you blame this on the moon, and used this as an excuse to send her out to the palace; last night, because of the moon and Liu, you I couldn't sleep all night, and went to the secret room to make two love poems to solve the pain of Acacia. After that..."

"Enough!" The cautious face was suddenly white and white because of these words, and there was some faint redness. "You don't have to say more!"

Su Shi smiled and gestured casually to the chair: "So, Wang Ye is finally willing to believe me? Then we continue to say that Yue Liu is now in the east of the city. Is there a small hill in the middle of the village? Wang Ye has spent so much effort to send people out, and should not want to watch the beloved woman because of her own life?"

"What do you mean by this words!" Reborn, I thought that I was already cold enough and cold-hearted to anyone, but this one did not include the moon, but the past was even the most embarrassing. At the time, Yue Liu has always been with him, and he will never leave.

Such a woman, how to tell him how to be cold and cold?

"It's literally," Su Shi waved his hand and continued to zoom in. "Oh, forgot to tell Wang Ye, this time I re-lived, in addition to opening the 'Eye of the Eyes', I also had another ability called 'Hand of Destiny'. ”

Speaking of this, Su Shi also extended his white palms with a little bit of words, and turned over and over: "The hands seem to be very fragile, but it can decide a person's life and death at will." Does Wang Ye think this is interesting?"

If you want to rely on the mouth gun to defeat a person, you must let this person think that you can kill him at any time even if you don't do it, and he will not kill you if he tries his best.

This reason seems to be very cool, but as a system bound with Su Shi, the ball only feels that he is completely ugly at this time. It remembers that his own host is very mature, but the face is thick and thick. What is the second breath?

This is definitely a man who has collapsed and has wood!

However, the caution at this time has been stunned by Su Shi. Although the expression on his face is still strong and calm, his heart has unconsciously tended to believe Su Shi’s words, a person who opened the “Eye of the Sky”. Is it a matter of course to open a "hand of destiny"?

Some things, once you believe in the beginning, you will subconsciously accept the results based on it.

But even though the thoughts in my heart have been tilted, on the surface, I am still dying and struggling: "Han Gonggong is talking about jokes? If Han Gonggong really has such a powerful, how can he be willing to be a slave?" ”

"So I said that there is a big difference between rebirth and rebirth. When Wang was born again, he thought about killing the enemy and seeking power, but I only thought about how to better serve the emperor and share his worries. My thoughts are as simple as this." Su Shi smiled back.

I don't know why, after listening to this, I only feel that my heart is blocked, my heart is itchy, and I have the urge to give Su Shi two slaps. Since he was born again, he has been retired, working hard, working hard, and walking like a thin ice. Hate, crowned the throne, but it was blocked everywhere, and now I have encountered such a monster Han Shun!

But what about this person?

Obviously, this person is also a born-again person, and has a unique ability, but he has a face that is uncontested and willing to be a slave to the world. At this time, he is so cautious at Su Shi’s smiling face. The roots are itchy.

This kind of hateful iron does not become a strong feeling of steel is what is going on!

"The reason why I put the 'Hand of Destiny' here, but I came to see you personally, because I didn't want to see the emperor's troubles for the princes, and the heart is difficult, otherwise Wang Ye thought I would be merciful to you. Su Shi likes this feeling that you are not pleasing to the eye, but still can't take me. "As for the life and death of the moon girl, it depends on your decision. Otherwise, I don't mind being a prince. Use your 'Hand of Destiny' once in your face."

Steady eyes staring at Su Shi, he is very reluctant to believe that the other party's words are true, but there is a voice in his heart, telling him that even if he does not want to believe, these are also true.

What's more, the man is a moon, he really does not dare to make any bets on the life of the moon.

There was a long silence between the two, and Su Shi’s words had already been finished. He didn’t mind giving more time to make decisions, so he could also appreciate the almost distorted expression of the other side.

In the end, he was still careful to break down. He closed his eyes and secretly took a deep breath: "Han Gonggong said with a smile, you are the most trusted person of the emperor, and you will naturally not believe in your words."

"So naturally, all of them are happy," Su Shi took a good shot and slowly lifted Erlang's leg. "The emperor waits for the prince to be a hand and foot, and he hopes to treasure it after the prince."

Dryly licking his fist and biting his teeth, this feeling of being forced to change his mind by a few words in the other side is not very good. He is so awkward to live again, he really needs to be quiet now.

However, Su Shi is obviously not so conscious. He came here, and one thing has not been clarified: "Now the matter is over, are we going to say something gossip? I feel the story before Wang’s rebirth. Very curious."

"This king does not want to mention this matter!" Shen Shen felt that she was on the verge of breaking out.

Su Shi swayed his legs and put his hand out, and slammed his fist again and again: "But I am very interested. If Wang Ye doesn't want to see my 'hand of destiny', use the moon willow girl. if……"

"Enough!" Shen Shen is almost mad at Su Shi's faceless, rotten look. He gnashed his teeth. "Since Han Gonggong is so curious, the king has to raise this ugly."

So he carefully told his tragic and short-lived past life with the tone of his teeth.

The former generation of Shen Shen slowly grew up under the care of his brother. At the age of fourteen, he was sealed and went to the palace to build the palace. He was respected by the world. In that year, he carefully met the fate of his life, Qin Yiran. .

Qin Yiran is only one year younger than Gan Shen. At the age of thirteen, it is the delicate fragrance and innocence of flowers. When I first met, I carefully remembered her delicate appearance and remembered it.

Qin Yiran seems to understand and love this little brother who cares about her and cares about her. The two of them grow up together. This is supposed to be a story of a beautiful woman. But who knows that this is all done in the 17th. When I was old, it was broken.

At the age of seventeen, Chen Yiran met his emperor, who was a very ordinary afternoon, but it became the beginning of all nightmares.

After that day, Qin Yiran suddenly avoided seeing it, but he returned the items he had given before he was careful. He thought that he was doing something wrong, and when Qin Yiran was angry, But suddenly a sacred decree.

Cognac actually wants to pick up Qin Yiran into the palace!

This sacred purpose can be described as a sunny day. He did not expect it anyway, but in a few days, the sudden change of this day will happen!

It was natural to know that the matter was so eager to go to Qin Yiran, but the other party only asked the next person to say a few words. The road is a past, but the children play, when it is not true, then meet again. Treat with courtesy.

There is another sentence, saying that he hopes that he will look at his past temperament, and that she will ruin her life. She is grateful.

At that time, I was cautious and sad. If I had nothing to do with the past, what kind of sentiment between the two?

However, even though she was disheartened, she did indeed care about her past affair. Although she was depressed all day, she did not think about going to cope with the past between him and Qin Yiran.

However, she did not expect that, after Qin Yiran entered the palace, she turned her back in the face of cognac, and she was separated from the relationship between the two brothers.

Qian Shen was calculated by Qin Yiran. Naturally, he could not continue to swear, but when he finally explained the truth in the face of cognac, he was forbidden to be banned by the other party on the charge of the palace. After that, he was completely ignorant. In the case of what was wrong, he was degraded as a monk and eventually died.

Shen Shen also clearly remembers that when he lost everything and was in desperate circumstances, only Yue Liu had been following him, and that year, he was only 19 years old.





 After listening to the cautious story, Su Shi smiled and said: "So in this world, you will approach Qin Yiran early, and smoothly transform her from a white lotus that will count the calculations to a calculation that will only be calculated. Idiom? I have to say that your renovation plan is going very smoothly and thoroughly."

Forced to confess the tragic experience of past lives, at this time, the attitude of being cautious is not very good. He did not want to take care of Su Shi, but he thought of the "hand of destiny" of the other party. He had to suppress his temper: "Han Gonggong praised It is."

"At the same time, I have to say that your past life is really terrible," Su Shi played the cloak and put on a comfortable posture. "I know that your past life has been so bad, I am relieved."

The blue veins before the careful and careful amount burst out, why a person can shamelessly to this extent!

"But to speak, you can calculate Qin Yiran and the emperor, I can understand, but why do you seem to hate me? I am just a slave, should there be no chance to offend the prince?" Su Shi can still remember carefully His look.

I cautiously bite my teeth: "In the beginning, it was Han Gonggong, and it was Han Gonggong’s words, but it was not very nice."

"It turns out that I feel very honored to say this." Su Shi raised his eyebrows.

Dry and cautious, I was so mad at Su Shi.

"Wang Ye, don't be angry, I have a good news here to tell the prince," Su Shi smiled slightly, not too slow to say, "The emperor's past life is indeed a little confused, will be deceived by Qin Yiran, making a wrong judgment, But in this life, I am with the emperor, and Wang can do as much as possible to be an idle prince."

After careful attention, I noticed a very wrong thing at this time: "Han Gong Gongfang seems to say that he has a heart, but he does not know that Han Gonggong’s favorite person is..."

Although Han Shun has been completely different from his previous life, this speculation is still shocking. Shouldn't things be what he thinks?

But he just thought about it, Su Shi gave him a huge impact response: "My favorite person is just like Wang Ye thought, so the prince should be completely relieved?"

Shen Shen did not feel that there was anything to worry about. He only felt that he was shocked by 10,000 points. Han Shun had such a thought to the emperor. This is simply... big rebellion!

"Wang Ye is wide-minded, and the things between me and the emperor will not bother you," his own feelings are naturally his own, Su Shi simply told Xiao Shen that he did not intend to let him talk about this. "If the prince is empty, go to the moon girl as soon as possible. She is still saddened by the fact that she was driven out of the palace by the prince."

When I mentioned the moon, my thoughts were pulled.

Su Shi slowly stood up and said: "Since the words I have said are finished, then I will not bother the prince to handle the official duties."

"Han Gonggong slowed down, the king would not send it." Gan Shen followed up and stood up, but did not plan to send, he was mad at this person, I really do not want to see this person.

Su Shi took the carriage back to the palace and found that from the beginning, the ball has never been heard. It seems that the silence is a bit strange. He rarely and kindly took the initiative to speak with the ball: "What happened? Is it what it suffered? stimulate?"

"No, I just suddenly felt that I should change my name." The ball swayed and seemed to have not yet regained consciousness from the second breath.

"Oh?" Su Shi raised her eyebrows and deliberately teased it. "I want to change to the system of "hosting for me to spread IQ"?"

The ball reluctantly took a look at the host of the bad taste and replied with the same evil taste: "No, according to the words and deeds of the host, I think the name "Save the World" is more suitable for me."

I don’t know why, Su Shi’s inexplicable illusion of playing the ball for so long, and finally being reversed, but it’s obviously only an illusion. Su Shi smirked and agreed with the truth: “This name is really suitable for You have not passed the second phase."

"..." I thought that I had won the ball of Su Shi once, and I was shocked by the terrible thickness of my own host.

When Su Shi returned to the palace, Cognac was practicing in the study room. According to the serving eunuch, the cognac had been in the study for two hours, and no one was allowed to enter during the period.

When the little **** saw Su Shi, he was so excited that he cried: "Han Gonggong, you can finally come back."

"Okay, here I am serving, you are going to rest." Su Shi waved the little eunuch, but after he stood outside the study for a while, he did not go in and see dry, but directly Turned back to the partial hall.

Since the lover is on the verge of blackening, how can he reduce the blackening value of the other party at this time?

I have been paying careful attention to the dryness of the outside movement. After hearing the voice of Su Shi, the mood of irritability and depression to the extreme has finally eased, but he waited until the right, and did not wait until the sweetheart came in.

When I thought of my sweetheart staying in the Seventh King's Mansion for so long, I finally came back, but I didn't look at myself. So the dark emotion that I just barely pressed back suddenly came back, only listening to the sound of "啪", actually Cognac directly pinched the sheep in his hand.

In the deep scorpions, there were all kinds of complicated and incomprehensible emotions, but these emotions were quickly suppressed. There was only one invisible silence. It seems that at this moment, he finally made up his mind. Made a decision.

"Come on." Cognac dropped the sheep that had been broken in half, and the voice whispered quietly.

Su Shi, who returned to the partial hall, did not know that her own actions were actually a direct fire line that promoted the blackening of her lover. Before she went back and forth for half a day, he only felt uncomfortable. After a little washing, he climbed onto the couch.

When he finally woke up from the sweet sleep, and prepared to be beautiful and lazy, he suddenly noticed that something was wrong.

Su Shi shook his wrist, and a crisp sound came immediately. He looked at it with his eyes open and his face suddenly became subtle.

If his eyes are not in trouble, now he seems to be wearing a silver bracelet on his wrist, and this bracelet is connected with a silver chain shining in the dark with a faint glow. Su Shi follows the silver chain. Looking in the direction of the past, the gaze finally fell on the side of the dragon couch carved on the bed of the dragon.

It doesn't seem to be just on the wrist, even on his ankle...

"Hosting adults, you are finally awake! Do you know how terrible it is, the man and his lord..." When the ball saw Su Shi woke up, he immediately cried and screamed, and the emotions just brewed. Su Shi was interrupted by a hand, and the ball almost killed himself.

Su Shi looked inexplicably and took a look at the ball. It seems that there is still a little excitement: "Isn't the male owner blackened, and then locked me in bed?"

The ball swayed, and things seemed to be true. But why is it so trivial to say this from your own host?

So it has just been anxious for so long, what is it for?

"I want to exchange the props." Su Shi then came again with such a sentence.

The ball immediately came back, and the voice excitedly said: "Okay, what kind of props do the host adults need? I can help you find the best solution smartly."

For this kind of behavior of the host, the ball is very happy. Su Shi has always been not interested in the mall. The only time to redeem the props is to verify the identity of the man.

Now the host has actually proposed to exchange the props, which makes the ball suddenly produce the illusion that "it is still a little useful," but how can it seem that there is something wrong with it?

"Help me find a prop that can harden people, but I can't do any harm to my body. The time limit should not be too long. It will take three or five days." Su Shi slowly picked up his mouth and the moment of the general ledger finally arrived. He will certainly grasp this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

The ball had not had time to think carefully about what was wrong with it. It was scared by Su Shi’s words and fell directly to the ground. “thud” rolled into the bottom of the dragon bed, what and what! What horrible things did it just hear? !

"How? Didn't understand my words? You shouldn't understand such a superficial statement to the extent of your filth," Su Shi swayed the ball while shaking his wrist. The delicate silver ring was engraved. The colorful butterfly playing between the two flowers, although this silver ring is set in my own hands, but I have to say that he is satisfied with the pattern on the silver ring, "still that your mall is actually just a table, Don't even have such daily items?"

The ball was difficult to climb from the bottom of the dragon, feeling that his three views were completely refreshed again, heaven, earth, it is a terrible host in the end!

But even if the heart has already mourned, the ball still has to answer Su Shi’s question positively: “I... I just searched for a few. There are five kinds of props in the mall that meet the basic requirements of the host adult. There are two kinds of injuries and side effects caused by the body. One is oral, the other is external application, and the cough. These two items are all three days old, and the price is the same. They are all 5 IQ points."

Su Shi seriously thought about it: "It's convenient to take it orally."

The chaotic light of the ball flashing and changing colors helped Su Shi to redeem the props. The whole brain was already messy, and it felt like he was about to be killed by his own host.

After getting the props, Su Shi probably checked it. After confirming that there was no problem, he applied the props to his mouth and turned to sleep.

Don't ask him why he dared to use this kind of thing with his heart and soul, because even if there is no such thing, he has no chance to harden in his life.

When Su Shi once again woke up in a confused way, she was awakened by a pair of big hands with thin shackles. The hands were too hot, and it was difficult for Su Shi to think about it.

Dry and sitting on the couch, looking down at the sleeping face of the sweetheart, seeing him fascinated and opened his eyes, the movements on his hands slammed, and the heartbeat became more irregular.

Although he made a decision, when he actually implemented the matter, he still felt flustered and even dared not to look at the sweet-hearted scorpion of his sweetheart.

"The emperor?" Su Shi’s voice was a little hoarse, and it seemed that he had not figured out his condition.

"Are you awake? What discomfort can you have?" The dry throat was rolled uncontrollably, but the face was strong and calm.

"The slave is fine, but how can the slave be..." Su Shi shook his head in a blank voice and was about to get up from the dragon couch, but suddenly heard a crisp sound. He looked down and suddenly fell on the spot. "This... what is going on?"

Cognac reached out and slowly lifted Su Shi's chin. There was a lot of trembling in the steady voice: "Small straight, if you say that you have always been happy, how are you?"





 Su Shi heard the words in an instant, and he stared at the cognac in disbelief. After a while, he barely returned to the gods. He seemed to cry and laughed: "Is the emperor joking with the slaves? You are tall." The emperor, and the slave is nothing but a despicable..."

The dry hand moved from Su Shi's chin to his lips, and the look was serious: "I don't want you to despise yourself like this. In the blink of an eye, no one can be more precious than you."

Su Shi once again bowed, and then slowly lowered his head: "The slaves do not mean to be self-sufficient. The slaves just think that...what can be true if the emperor is above? The emperor is assured that the slaves will not It’s true that the emperor’s words are true.”

This is heard in the dry ear, just like a sharp blade stabbed straight into his heart, so that he even felt pain in his breath, Xiao Shunzi really did not have his half position?

Dry and secretly took a deep breath, and the pain in my heart spread instantly throughout the body: "So even if you are willing to give you the whole heart, you will give everything you have, and you will not accept your heart, right?" ”

Su Shi still keeps his head down, his mouth has uncontrollably evoked a pleasant arc, but the words of the mouth are so bad that people want to hit his ass: "The identity of a slave is not worthy of the emperor."

Su Shi’s voice just fell, and it was dried up and seemed to be pushed **** the dragon couch. The cognac was immediately overlaid, and the sound of the sound shook between the two people. It was clear and crisp, but it was inexplicable at this moment. It was dyed for a few minutes.

"Hey wants you." The distance between Cognac and Su Shi can clearly feel the warmth of each other.

So close, Su Shi still dare not look at the dry eyes, which seems to fit the original character's character, but he is only worried that he will laugh.

This evasive attitude makes dryness desperate and angry. He bit his teeth and said: "If you want you, will you resist?"

Su Shi only slightly hooked his lower lip, with obvious bitterness: "The emperor is the master of the slave, the emperor must do anything to the slave, the slave will not refuse."

This is so gentle that he wants to collapse. He even hates to think that this person has occupied his heart for so long, and he has tossed him for so long, but he completely looks like he does not know. It should be punishable!

The distance between the two is so close, his sweetheart is in front of his own eyes, as long as he is closer, he can touch his warm neck and kiss his bright red lips, all Everything is only a little bit worse, but...

There is always a voice in the dry heart that pulls him, even if it is heartbroken again, then desperate and heartbroken, then angry and bored, he should not, and can not hurt that person!

It is obvious that the other's lips are close at hand. He can touch it as long as he bows his head, but after a long struggle, he is rushing back.

Still not, still can't, because he can't hurt the beloved one, even if it can't be a trace!

Su Shi, who was already prepared, did not expect that the cognac would suddenly brake at this time. He forced for a moment and couldn’t help but whispered: "The emperor..."

After squatting on the dragon couch for a while, he finally reluctantly suppressed the sentiment of his heart. He turned his back to Su Shi, with a deep sadness and self-deprecation, and slowly opened his mouth: "Sui thought, As long as you get your people, you can stay with you all the time, but hey... how can you hurt you? How can you... really hurt you!"

In the last half of the sentence, Cognac is almost low-pitched.

Even though the final choice stops at the most critical place, the mood at the moment is obviously still not calm. He is very clear about what his choices represent at this time. He is about to lose the most important thing in this life. The lack of loneliness is old, and this feeling almost tears his already broken heart.

But as long as he thinks that he has almost hurt his most cherished person, these pains and regrets have been forcibly suppressed. Even if a person will be extremely painful, he will not be able to add any harm to his lover. .

This kind of thing can never happen!

Su Shi looked at the back of her dryness with a slight stunned look. What seemed to be slowly opening in her heart, spilled out.

"Small straight, hehe... I won't force you. If you want to leave the palace, you will arrange for you. What do you want to do, you are all dependent on you." Cognac took a deep breath, and the complex emotions in the chest were almost overflowing. To drown him, but he must not be really influenced by these emotions, he must not, hurt the person he loves.

Su Shi couldn't help but chuckle: "Is the emperor really willing to let the slaves leave?"

The dry eyes were forced to turn red. He opened his mouth a few times, but before he spit out the words, he bitten his teeth again. After spending a little time, he forced himself to barely spit out a word: Yes."

"Can the emperor open the silver ring on the wrist of the minion first?" Su Shi shook his wrist and silently told the ball that it seemed that some interesting props could not be used.

When he was dry, he was almost hit hard, but he said that even if he cried, he took a few deep breaths and tried to restrain his emotions and stretched his face slowly. Slowly turned and looked at Su Shi.

That one was too unforgettable, as if to remember Su Shi’s life in the heart, and watched with such a gaze, Su Shi’s heart could not help but tremble.

The dry movement slowly squatted in front of Su Shi on one knee, and some trembling hands wanted to open the silver ring on Su Shi's wrist, but Su Shi grabbed his hand: "Is there anything else in the emperor to say to the slave? ?"

Dry and stiff, his eyes fell on Su Shi's white and thin hands. He tried to bend his mouth, but he laughed more than he cried: "Even if you want to be jealous, you must take care of yourself."

"Is the emperor finished?" Su said blinking.

He nodded in a difficult place, and was about to continue his movements, but he saw Su Shi suddenly stretched out his arm and hugged his neck, and then the coveted red lips were so unpredictable.

The dry eyes widened in an instant, and a heart was about to come out. His mind was blank for a while, only to realize what Su Shi was doing to him. After a moment of ecstasy, his emotions were It quickly faded down.

Even though the kiss was as soft as a cotton, and he wanted to stick it to it forever, he still used all his self-control and slowly opened the distance between the two.

The dry eyes are like deep and silent ice pools, but they seem to burn the fire that melts everything: "Small straight, you don't need you, you don't need to make any sacrifices, you don't need them."

Su Shimi smiled: "If I said, I actually have a good time, even earlier than the emperor?"

The dry eyes condensed in an instant. He knew what he had heard, but he couldn’t believe what he had heard. This complicated and incomprehensible emotion was honestly displayed on the dry face. Su Shi gave amused.

"I mean, I actually have been in the emperor's time when I was in my last life." Su Shi held his hands on his dry neck and smiled so much.

Cognac looked at Su Shi a little bit, and her heart was excited and timid. I didn’t know what to say for a while.

"Is the emperor a qi in the birth of a slave?" Su Shi changed his face very fast. He smiled very brightly the moment before. The next moment he had already pouted and put on a grievance. "The slave has always been happy. The emperor, but after all, the master and the servant are different, we are all... are men, so the slaves never dare to expect anything, and you have just taken the Yizong girl into the palace a few days ago, but that is the only one in the palace. Goddess..."

Speaking of this, Su Shi slowly bowed his head and looked very sad. Seeing that he showed such a look, he couldn’t care about whether his sweetheart’s words were true or false, and the logic was unreasonable. He only felt very distressed. What did he think at the beginning, he would bring people like Qin Yiran into the palace, and thus hurt the heart of his sweetheart.

"The most letting the slaves can't let go, you are the emperor on the top, this whole world is yours, and I am just a slave who is incomplete, I..." When Su Shi said here, he did not want to do it. Sustained his hand and reached his lips. His eyes were filled with apologies and embarrassment. Su Shi smiled and pulled the dry hand down slowly. "The slave is fine. The slave is just trying to tell his heart to the emperor." Is the emperor not willing to listen?"

"Nature will not, oh just..." It hurts you too much, and sighs silently. For a moment, his heart is sour and up. At this moment, he seems to feel very excited and excited, but he has infinite pity for his heart. A complex emotion filled his heart, so that he did not know how to express it.

"Then ask the emperor to listen to the slaves first," Su Shi smiled and smiled. "The slaves always feel that they are too humble, they are not worthy of the emperor, and the emperor should never be a slave. There is no nickname on the back, so when you hear the words of the emperor, the slaves will behave like that. The slave is just a person with a broken body. If it is true with the emperor... the slaves really dare not think about such a thing. ......"

I thought that my heart was completely devoid of my own existence. At this time, I suddenly found out that the other party only because I paid too much attention to myself, so I refused to accept it. This "fact" made the heart dry and violent, and he grabbed Su Shi. The hand, the voice trembled: "He never cares about those false names, even if you want to give up this world for you, you will never..."

Su Shi’s fingers reached the dry lips and glanced at him with a strange look: “What is the emperor saying? If the emperor really does not want this son, the slave can not.”

If there is no throne, how can we continue to play the master servant happily?

Cognac finally couldn't help but smile, and there was a little bit of light shining in the middle of the ring. After a moment, he said with a little uneasiness: "So is Xiao Shun really happier?"

"If the emperor does not believe in slavery, then the minion can only use the body to answer the question of the emperor." Su Shi brows lightly, the whole person almost completely covered in the dry body.

The cognac eyes jerked, and the lover was in his arms. He could hold it wherever he could, and immediately pressed Su Shi under his body, and kissed him on the back...

As for the ball, after helping the host to complete the task of recycling the props, it consciously and actively slumbers. This scene is shy and shameful, and it should not be seen. ╭(╯^╰)╮





 On the second day, Su Shi went to sleep on the third day of the day before she woke up, because of some unspeakable pain in the body, he was lying on the bed for nearly half an hour before he barely climbed up from the dragon couch.

"The ball." Su Shi hoarsely summoned the ball.

The ball immediately woke up from sleep, blinked and slowly moved to the host of clothes, and silently removed his eyes, so that the hostage of the devastated host did not look at it, it was really afraid that he could not help laughing. Out of voice.

The wicked have their own wicked people, and the information in the database does not deceive me!

"Give me the item of yesterday, I must use it again today." Su Shi silently bite his teeth. The lover last night was so crazy. He stalked him all night. Every time he moved, he would touch the whole body. Pain, he really regrets that last night, because of his soft heart, he did not use the props on the cognac!

The ball shook in an instant, inexplicably a little sympathetic to the man with the same level of IQ: "Is the host really using this kind of props? Now you and the man have just come together, if this happens...this happens Kind of state, the man will definitely be hit hard?"

Su Shi closed her eyes and took a deep breath. In the end, she waved her hand: "Forget it, what time is it now?"

"It’s already nearly noon," after the ball gave the answer, Ai Ai asked, "How does the host adult feel now? Do you want to redeem a rejuvenating prop in the mall?"

Su Shi recalled the traces left by the lover in her body and shook her head subconsciously: "No."

After that, Su Shi himself first stiffened. He would not want to remove the traces from his body. Is it really because the slaves have been doing it for a long time, so he has traced his m attribute potential?

Thinking of this, the black line on Su Shi’s face popped up. Although he has always been the one below, he is by no means a weak one!

In order to prove this, when Cognac finished his business and rushed back to accompany his lover, Su Shi did not wait for him to open his mouth and ask for help: "I have said it before, would you like to give me everything?"

"I just said that, now is the same," Cognac sat in his arms with satisfaction, and unconsciously helped him to lift his waist, just like before. "How do you feel about yourself? You may want to ask a doctor." Hey?"

The madness of last night was also deeply imprinted in my mind, the feeling that the body and the soul were greatly satisfied at the same time, I am afraid he could not forget this life.

Su Shi, who got a satisfactory answer, secretly sighed, but he was immersed in the gentle embrace of his lover. He did not realize that he would ask this question, but instead of pulling himself out of the m attribute, he even highlighted Kind of attributes that have just been mined.

The ball floated aside and there was no eye to see the two people who were tired together. They could only silently feel a word in their hearts. Hosting adults, you are set to collapse again!

Cognac and Su Shi are tired for a while, seeing that the lover is in a good mood, this dare to say something: "A Shun, you have already had you, naturally there will be no other people, but Qin Yiran after all Still in the palace..."

Hearing this, Su Shi is a stiff, "A Shun" is a ghost, when did he have such a name!

#Each nickname is worst than the last#

#You may not believe, because of a name, I am going to throw away the vest when I am going through the fast-moving task#

#My love is a super-famous waste that likes to give me an ugly nickname. Even if I change the world, the structure of these nicknames has never changed.

#Every world, my lover's name is much much higher than me. Is there a person with a super Su Shuang setting, or is he? #

"The ball, I have a small request, I hope you can satisfy me." Su Shi turned his head and looked at the ball.

I was shaken by the innocent circle, the pool fish, and the ball: "Please tell the host."

"The next world, please let my name be more in line with my people, try to get taller, okay?" Su said with his eyes.

The ball quickly promised: "This is absolutely no problem!"

Cognac can't grasp the point where the lover's emotions are abrupt. He thinks that the lover is so completely because he mentioned Qin Yiran's sake. This makes the cognac guilty and guilty: "A Shun, 朕 know When Qin Yiran was first admitted to the palace, it was really confusing, but now it is decided that it will not continue to be confused."

"I naturally know," Su Shi snorted, and he was in front of him. If he didn't look at it, he wouldn't look at Qin Yiran again. "The slaves have a ruthless invitation. Can the emperor be able to Qin?" Is Yiran handed over to the minions to deal with it?"

As a wife of a strict wife, there is no such thing as saying: "This is also good."

"The emperor thought, how would Qin Yiran be sent directly to the Seven Kings House?" Su Shi squinted slightly, and the corner of his mouth evoked a smirk of laughter.

For Qin Yiran, let her lose the arrogance and superiority that she was carefully and carefully cultivated. It is only the first step to punish her. Now, Su Shi’s first thing is to let her see the huge in despair. I hope that I will finally endure hardships, and then let the person she cares the most to completely kill these hopes and then push her into the abyss.

As for the caution, let him completely lose the opportunity to climb the throne, can only be an idle prince seems to be enough, but Su Shi does not mind to add more interesting reconciliation to his life.

When the dry eyes flashed, I immediately thought of the day before the lover went to find something cautious, so I promised it very pleasantly: "So good."

Everything happened in the Seven Kings House yesterday. Cognac has already been known. Although things have subsided, whether it is out of the precaution and vigilance of being an emperor, or the jealousy and possessiveness of a lover, it is dry and cautious. It is impossible to trust and tolerate as before.

"That's the matter, let the minions arrange it." Su Shi got up from the cognac, and he liked the drama of the abuse.

In the middle of his arms, there seemed to be some emptyness in his heart. He squeezed Su Shi’s hand: "If there is anything that needs to be embarrassed, Ah Shun must tell you."

"The emperor rest assured that the slaves will not be polite with the emperor." Su said with a smile on his head, just to reveal a red mark on his neck, his dry eyes immediately darkened.

Su Shi, deliberately leaning against the dry body, the bracelet is on his neck, but he said: "The slaves are somewhat uncomfortable. I am afraid that they will not be able to serve the emperor in these few days. I also hope that the emperor will not blame."

Su Shi’s movements made him feel full of enthusiasm, but when he said it, he made him fall like a hail. For a man who had just opened a night before, he was forced to abstain from **** on the second day. It felt a bit sour.

But the world is big, or the body of the lover is the biggest. What can I do if I have to endure it?

When Su Shi held her waist under the gaze of her dry eyes and looked at Qin Yiran with pain in her body, she did not recognize the other person at first sight, but for a few days, Qin Yiran was obviously I lost a circle, my face was dark yellow, my eyes were blue, and when I first entered the palace, the toes were so high that I was completely different from the extreme to the extreme.

"What is the goddess? How is it like it is a few decades old?" Su Shi chuckled, and with a little pity, Qin Yiran looked up and down several times, this way Qin Yiran looked It’s pleasing to the eye.

Probably because she had been eating coptis as the main flavoring food, Qin Yiran saw Su Shi at this time. When she heard this, she couldn’t make a temper. She said: "The palace must see the emperor." ""

Qin Yiran is even stupid, but after these days of torture, he also understands who is the real master in this palace.

She used to think that she was high, even though she was never in the eyes of the emperor, but now, because of her dry words, she lost everything she thought she was taken for, not only forbidden. The palace lost its glory and wealth, and even the next people in the palace dared to insult her.

It turned out that in this deep palace, there was no cognac, she really was nothing.

"The niece wants to see the emperor, I am afraid it is a little difficult, but," Su Shi went to Qin Yiran, sitting like a smile, "I came here to see the maiden, I came to upload the words for the emperor."

Qin Yiran’s bleak eyes were slightly brighter: “What did the emperor say?”

"The emperor's heart is very generous, decided to look at the past sentiment, give the goddess a chance to choose, see if you want to stay in this deep palace, lonely old, still want to go out, go with the seven kings What is the front of the Syrian?" Su Shi asked openly, and talking to people without IQ is not a corner, otherwise she may not understand or focus on the wrong.

Qin Yiran’s eyes suddenly brightened, and she now has a chance to go out!

Although the previous month’s poisoning of the lotus did make her doubtful about her suspicion, she could not believe that the man who had a deep affection for her would really do this. He was obviously obsessed with himself. The two of them should have been a pair of heavenly creations!

Qin Yiran, who was so guided since childhood, once again overestimated his charm and IQ, and she made a choice without hesitation: "I want to go out!"

Qin Yiran’s heart is almost subconsciously replenishing the follow-up story. It seems that as soon as she leaves the palace, she will regain everything that should belong to her. She will change back to the emperor and she will be obsessed with her. Miss official.

Su Shi’s reaction to Qin Yiran was not unexpected. He chuckled: “The goddess can think clearly, because when you decide to leave the palace, it also means that the girl of the Book of Rites is dead, and you After leaving the palace, you can only be a nameless person."

How can a woman who has already entered the palace be sent out of the palace safely and unscrupulously?

Qin Yiran was slightly hesitant, but she quickly reconfirmed herself. As long as she can return to her side, these are not problems at all!

"No matter what you say, this palace will not change your mind." Qin Yiran looked at Su Shi with the eyes of "I know that you are harming me, I will not be fooled."

What else can Su Shi say? Some people are rushing to be abused. He naturally does not stop the truth: "Then I wish the mothers all the best after going out of the palace."

"When will the palace go out of the palace?" Qin Yiran can't wait.

"If you want to be a maiden, you can do it now, so when does the goddess want to go out of the palace?" Su Shi smiled.

"This palace is going to be out of the palace now!" Qin Yiran replied.

Su Shi was very considerate to meet the requirements of Qin Yiran's death, and then arranged for someone to send Qin Yiran to the Seven Wangye House. In order to prevent her from killing herself too soon, Su Shi also wrote a letter to Shen Shen. Let him not kill Qin Yiran, otherwise someone will be buried with her.

In fact, Su Shi originally wanted to say these things in person, because after careful listening to these words, the expression will be very exciting, but the helplessness of the vinegar is too strong, and he is not allowed to go out of the palace. Su Shi can only Let it go.

After sending away Qin Yiran, Su Shi also moved to the dry palace in the same day. Since then, he has been rolling on the dragon couch, and the daily routine is constant.

The energy of this world's lover seems to be stronger than the previous world. Every day, he is in a state of dissatisfaction. Su Shi has been tossed so badly that he wants to take out the props several times, but he has not used it smoothly every time.

Adhering to my days, I don’t want to live a good life. Su Shi will let the ball report the fun of the Seven Kings’ House from time to time. By the way, they will give them some addictive additives, but it will make the days better. A little bit, but only a little bit.

In the days when the chickens and dogs jumped, the IQ value of the cognac was steadily improved all the way. When his IQ value finally recovered to 98%, Su Shi finally carried the tray to make the cognac flop. .

"The emperor, the flop is over." Su Shi smiled and said.

Cognac has always been very resistant to the flop, but the lover likes to play, he can only accompany, but when he saw that today's brand has only four pieces, he can't help but curious: Didn't there have 18 brands in the past? How come I have only prepared four?"

"Don't worry about the emperor, you turn it over and say it again." Su Shi smiled very mysteriously.

Cognac had to turn over one of the four brands, but before he could see the contents of the sign, Su Shi had already taken the sign. He looked down and his eyes lit up. The smile on his face. It is also stronger.

"What is written on it?" Cognac asked curiously.

Su Shi just dropped the sign to the side, and then he hurriedly rushed to the cognac: "The slave wants to sleep, does the emperor want it?"

The dry eyes are instantly green, and the lover is so rare that he can miss the opportunity.

At the moment, I didn’t have the mind to manage what was written on the brand. I directly held Su’s buttocks and hugged the people, went to the dragon couch, put down the bed, covered the picture inside, and quietly burned. The candle can only be unwilling to spill the swaying candlelight on the wooden sign that was thrown at the table.

I saw that the brand was engraved with the shallow two words, Su Shi.


Arc 4: Spreading IQ For The Taoist Apprentice

 When Su Shi once again accompanied her lover to the end of her life, and after holding her lover with a gentle song to send him away, he directly let the ball transfer himself to a virtual space that was specially created.

If, for the first time, after watching the lover's death, he will look at his slowly becoming cold body, feeling sad and the second time is heartache. Then for the third time, Su Shi really does not want to feel the feeling more deeply. So he chose to leave directly.

"Host adult, don't be upset, you will soon see the man again." The ball floated on Su Shi's shoulder and comforted him softly.

Su Shi patted the ball twice, and suddenly asked: "The ball, in the original plot of the world, finally, Shen Shen and Qin Yiran really live happily together?"

After learning about the experience before being cautious, Su Shi once considered this question. Even though Qin Yiran did help to kill the cognac in the original plot, he also died of his heart, but he was afraid of being cool and thin. Can't you live with her and the beautiful world?

The ball was asked a glimpse, and then with a bit of guilty: "Because [I spread the IQ for the protagonist] system is designed to enhance the male IQ, so the system provides the plot timeline begins with the male owner. In the mission world, it ends at the end of the life of the male lord. So the original story of this world is actually only recorded when the male lord was poisoned by the female lord, and the information after that... I considered the integrity of the story and manually added it according to experience. Go up."

For the stupid and superfluous practice of the ball, Su Shi just wants it all: "You should store a lot of fairy tales in your database?"

So you will be so stupid, so naive, thinking that no matter who you are, you will definitely live happily together.

"You are really good at hosting adults, even guessing this, I really like fairy tales!" When you mention something you are interested in, the flash speed of the ball is accelerating. "The... host Do you want to consider choosing a fairy tale world? I think the stories in the fairy tale world are really particularly interesting."

"Sorry, I am not interested in it for the time being. I only hope that you will not do this kind of superfluous thing next time, because this kind of behavior seems really stupid," Su Shi said without a mercy after hitting the ball. "The next world, go to the world of Xianxia."

"I... I know it is wrong," although the ball is very disappointing and sad, but it is still acceptable. After all, it is still very familiar with the preferences of its own host. "Hosted adults, you choose Xianxia world, Is it because it looks bigger?"

However, Su Shi slowly shook his head and slowly sprinkled a little bit of light in his eyes, but his tone was almost gnashing: "I heard that in the world of Xian Xia, the double repair will not only make you backache. Back pain in the legs, but also help to improve the practice, should it be correct?"

"..." was shocked by the host of his own home, directly fell off the ball on the ground, once again felt the difficulties of the whole life, I really did not expect you to be such a host!

"What? Isn't it?" Su Shi took a sneak peek at the ball and slid it from the ground.

"Yes, yes...this is the case," the ball began to gleam under the stimulation of its own host. It quickly searched a world of Xianxia, ​​checked the optional side quests, and paved the options. In front of Su Shi, "Host the adults, you can choose the role."

Su Shi glanced at the display interface, and the face was suddenly covered with black lines. I saw the three optional options above:

Option A: outside the cold hot fox;

Option B: Spicy spider essence;

Option C: Insatiable greed.

"..." Su Shi's eyebrows twitched uncontrollably twice, and his heart was like a 10,000 ball. "Are you sure that this world background is the world of Xianxia?"

The ball is also a bit awkward. It really doesn't know why the role of the side line task is like this. It is about to explain it, but it was stopped by Su Shi: "You still don't talk, your IQ. I'm afraid I can only say, 'This is the system's background and plot based on the mission world, and the optimal selection result from extremely complicated calculations' is such useless nonsense."

"..." The ball is silent, and it really intends to say so.

Once the mission background cannot be changed, if you don't think of your lover and wait for yourself in the next world, Su Shi really has the impulse to go back to the real world.

He looked at the three options several times, and finally made a choice with the taste of no love: "The cold fox inside the cold, just let it be."

"Okay! Then let us happily start the fourth main line task!" The ball is as big as the scorpion, and the action force is very strong to directly transfer Su Shi into the next world, and put the original plot in the Soviet Union. In front of you, "Host the adults please look over!"

Su Shi picked up her eyebrows. I don’t know how much the lover’s owe will be owed by this lover.

In this world of Xian Xia background, the cultivation of immortal forces is divided into three types: Taoism, demon repair, and magic repair. Before the plot is officially launched, the three major immortal groups are at least on the surface of a peaceful state that does not interfere with each other.

The development of the plot originated from the first amnesia of the male lord Ling Tian. Yes, in this world story, the male lord not only lost his memory, but also lost his memory more than once.

The male lord Ling Tian is the chief disciple of Tao Tianmen, the first sect of Dao Xiu. He is qualified and has a stable temper, but he has already entered the late Jindan in the past 100 years.

This is a talented wizard, but when he was promoted to Yuan Ying, he was counted by the same teacher, Mo Han. Not only did he repair it, but Dan Tian was destroyed. It was unfortunate that he fell into the demon world.

It was at this crucial moment when the man lost his first memory. Su Shi’s role in this passing show debuted.

The original master is the demon esteem of the demon cultivating world. The cultivation has already reached the height required for the promotion of the sacred path. It has not yet been robbed. On this day, the original lord saw the weather. The sun was just right, and suddenly the idea of ​​raising the celestial beings was raised. As a result, when he experienced a lot of thunder, the sky fell a man.

When the original master was finished with thunder and robbery, when he was ready to go to the immortal, he suddenly saw more people under his feet. This person was so embarrassed that he was left untouched, and even Dantian was completely destroyed.

The original Lord suddenly became shocked and stunned. He only thought that this person was mistaken for his own ruin, and he would be so tired that the original owner of the cold heart would not hesitate to take out the precious medicinal herbs and treat the male lord. However, the male man was hurt too much, and lost all the repairs. Dantian was destroyed. Even if he was the original owner of the demon, he was also a monk.

In desperation, the original Lord can only put the demon who has already turned the celestial into the body of the man, to heal his life and bring him back to his own demon hole.

The original owner wanted to wait until the male lord woke up, first asked his identity, and then made plans, but who knows that the male waking up, the only information the original owner got was this person's memory loss.

I didn’t expect the man to be so tired that he was so self-blaming that he would not remember who he was and where he came from, and why the man who appeared in the demon world accepted his apprenticeship and took good care of his body. I will also give my own training to him.

The male person who lost his memory for the first time in the demon world has lived peacefully for several years. He is quite good with the original hot and cold inside. If the plot has been so flat, the male owner is not too bad.

The training conference held every ten years in the three realms soon came, and a hard rock cast a huge stone on this flawless plot, which aroused the storm.

The man who followed the original master and went to participate in the conference was inadvertently seen by his younger brother, Mo Han. Mo Han, in order to prevent the accident of the year, once again extended his claws to the man who had already lost his memory.

But now the male owner has the original escort, naturally it is not easy to get close to Mo Han. After several failures, Mo Han finally came up with a trick to inform the real identity and successfully make the man with a pit in his head. Come out, and once again, he was seriously injured and fell into the cliff.

This is a matter of nine deaths and one life, but the man who died in a big life, did not fall directly to death, but was picked up by a certain martial art group under the road, and brought back.

But do you think this is over? Then you are so naive.

When the man finally turned from a serious injury, he found that he remembered his identity, but sadly, he forgot the memory of the original Lord, and by the way, he forgot who was the first to lose his memory. .

The second loss of memory of the male master quickly returned to Qi Tianmen, and told all the experiences he could remember to the door.

Mo Hanben was already prepared to expose the tricks, but did not expect the man to even forget this matter, so he suddenly made a plan to blame the injured person on the cliff. .

The man who owed a debt to IQ did not think about it and fully believed in it. According to Mo Han’s plan, he directly went to assassinate the original owner. The original Lord died without prejudice, and the man was broken because of the demon in the body. Desperate Huang Quan.

The story came to an abrupt end because the man was dead.

After reading the original plot, Su Shi couldn't help but breathe a sigh of relief. Although the lover of this world is still seriously lacking IQ, the plot is also a dog's blood, but at least the world is not a woman. It feels really Awesome!

"The host does not look at this main line mission?" The ball floated in the side of Ai Ai to remind Su Shi.

Su Shi raised her eyebrows and glanced at the contents of the task, and was suddenly shocked by the contents of the main task.

The main task: double repair with the male master 1000 times, each pair of repairs to restore the male IQ IQ 0.1%.

For such a task content, the ball is simply not seen, but the task is still released through it, which is why it is so embarrassing!

Su Shi also showed a playful look, watching the ball slammed: "This task is very good for me."

The ball slammed into the ground and flashed a pink spot to die.

Su Shi looked down at her dress, and she was wearing a white dress. She was quite a sensation of being a fairy. He condensed a water mirror and smashed it around. It was probably because of the fox, the face of the original Lord. Although it doesn't look charming, it also has a sense of magnificence, which is very eye-catching.

Su Shi was quite satisfied with his appearance in this world, but soon he realized a strange problem. In the original plot of the world, the original master had many plays, but he did not seem to see it from beginning to end. The name of the original master: "What is my name in this world?"

The ball struggled to get up from the ground, and the mental state recovered a lot because of this problem: "The host is very bullying in your name in this world, your name is called demon!"

Born as a demon, respected, is a demon respect.

"..." Su Shi's eyebrows began to twitch again. He glanced at the ball and shook the ball directly: "Hosting adults, there are some... Is there any problem?"

"No, I just feel that it is a little itchy." Su Shiyang raised the sleeves of the robe, revealing a pair of white to a slightly transparent hand, but this pair of unreal hands immediately grabbed the ball and "played" "A lot.

The ball was sobbing and weeping, it was scared to death, and the name of the host was obviously domineering. Why did he still hurt himself? QAQ

Su Shi “played” the ball for a while, and then slowly released her hand, and the expression on her face had changed back to a cold and noble: “What time line is it now?”

The ball that is smashing is really no longer wanting to be poisoned by his own host. He quickly checked the timeline: "The host is now, just now the original owner found the man in the robbery and gave his demon to the man. The man should still be in a coma."





 "Still in a coma, let's go and wake up this handsome prince." Su Shi waved his sleeves and went to the water mirror, and got up and went to the demon hole where the world's lover stayed.

Although it is a demon hole, the layout inside is very thoughtful and exquisite, and it is not much different from the human residence. Especially here is the demon-dwelling residence, which is unusual in nature. The glass in the cave is dotted with glazed glass. The condensed light ball is full of luxury and style.

Su Shi stepped on the leisurely steps and walked to the demon's demon hole. The little demon boy who looked after the door of the cave quickly and respectfully bowed to the ceremony: "I have seen the demon statue."

Su Shi smashed his sleeves and lifted his foot into the demon hole. The layout here is much simpler than his residence. A table for guests, a mahogany bed for rest and a white jade shop. The cultivation station.

At this time, the man was lying on the redwood bed, Su Shi went to the depths of Dongfu, and reached out to pick up the plain white credit, and then saw a pale, handsome but extraordinary face.

"Dear, I am coming to you." Su Shi sat halfway in front of the bed and whispered softly.

Ling Tian, ​​who was in a coma, seemed to understand this. The wrinkle of his eyebrows gradually showed the sign of waking up. Su Shi’s fingertips gently licked his eyebrows and smoothed the folds. Also, a spiritual force will slowly enter the Lingtian body.

When Ling Tian finally got rid of the fog that trapped himself and slowly opened his eyes, what he saw was a magnificent face filled with a cold and clear face. At that moment, his heart was inexplicably raised with a strong familiarity. Feeling, should he have seen this person in front of him?

But...when did you see it?

Ling Tian tried hard to find the answer to this question, but he could only touch a pale fog. His thoughts seemed to be covered up, so that he could not find anything useful.

"Are you awake?" Su Shi’s voice was clear and cold, as if he had directly slammed the sound into the human heart. "What discomfort does the body have?"

Ling Tian shook his head in a blank voice. At this time, his thoughts were blank. He even couldn’t understand who he was. This is obviously a very frightening thing, but he was very surprised because he was with him. Peace of mind.

"When I found out about you, you have been seriously injured, and Dan Tian in the body has also been..." Su Shi said as he slowly retracted his hand. Who knows that his hand has just retracted half, and he was suddenly caught by Ling Tian. Su Shi couldn't help but squint a little. "What's wrong? But what should I say to me?"

"No...no." Ling Tian himself was scared by the action of Fang Cai, and he would be so abrupt to grab a stranger's hand!

Even though he has lost his memory, Ling Tian still subconsciously realizes that such a move should not be in line with his temper, but when his gaze falls on the jade hand that is wrapped in his hand, he still does not want to handle it. release.

Su Shi did not care about Ling Tian’s abrupt behavior. He smiled and said: “You know what happened to Dan Tian in your body? When I found out, your Dantian has been destroyed, and the repair of the body is also Nothing, I saw you look so pitiful at the time, this brought you back."

The original master would think that the tragic end of the man's lord was brought by himself, but also for this, Su Shi would not think so, this is not his pot, why should he back?

Not only will he not be able to back the pot, but he will also occupy the position of moral high ground from the beginning and become the most kind and beautiful existence in the eyes of the lover.

Ling Tian’s gaze all fell on Su Shi’s face. He smiled like a spring breeze, melting the coldness on the face, and even revealing the place where the magnificence was, only the people could not move. look.

It turned out to be just a smile, but it can also make a person become so different.

"What's wrong?" Su Shi saw that Ling Tian was not responding, and raised his eyebrows again.

Ling Tian only came back to God, took Su Shi’s hand and slowly sat up and began to think about Su Shi’s words. Although there was no memory, his body had subconsciously conducted self-exploration.

After realizing that his cultivation was indeed missing, Ling Tian’s look immediately became dignified, and when he sensed that the original Dantian’s location was more than something that was not his own, Ling Tian’s moment 瞪Big eyes: "How can my Dantian be there..."

"You don't have to worry, that's my demon," Su Shi smiled and helped Ling Tian answer questions. Although the original owner's attribute was cold outside, but in front of the lover, OOC, he is not the first time, so This smile is kept without pressure. "When I found out that you have been seriously injured, your body can't be repaired. I also want to keep your life, so I will put the demon into your body temporarily. You Rest assured, this will not have any bad effects on you."

Ling Tian’s gaze flashed slightly. What he thought was not whether the demon would have any hidden dangers to his body, but that this person would actually put the demon in his body in order to save himself.

Be aware that for the demon repair, the demon is absolutely as important as the life.

Thinking of this, Ling Tian’s heartbeat is somewhat uncontrollable, and there is a little blush on the pale face: “I am not worried about anything, I am just... In short, thank you for your help, this great grace, There will be a thick report at the next meeting."

"I don't need to report it, just don't know who you are? Why is it falling into the demon world?" Su Shi smiled lightly, his eyes turned a few laps on the face of Ling Tian with a blush, so that the innocent lover really let People miss it.

Mentioning this matter, Ling Tian’s mood was suddenly covered by helplessness: “I don’t know what you have experienced before, I don’t even remember what my name and identity are.”

"So you are... amnesia?" Su Shi slightly surprised to raise an eyebrow, but could not help but spit in the heart, amnesia or something, really is very dog ​​blood.

Ling Tian looks calmly and nodded: "Probably so. I am afraid that these days, I have to bother you and accept the grace. These kindness will be remembered in the future."

"Since I saved you, I will naturally drive you out. You will live here with peace of mind," Su said with a generous attitude. By the way, he slowly pulled his hand back from Ling Tian. "You are now a body." Still weak, you should rest more, until your body recovers, and it is not too late to make plans."

Ling Tian looked at the palm of his eyes and nodded. "But I don't know how to call you?"

"I am the demon of the demon world, the name is called..." Su Shi paused, and then slowly spit out two words, "Su Shi."

"Su Shi," Ling Tian chewed these two words and sighed. "I really have a good name. Can I call you aunt?"

After saying this, Ling Tian was only amazed that his abruptness was about to remedy, but he saw Su Shi’s eyebrows bend and said: “Nature is ok.”

Ling Tian’s heart jumped, then warmed up, and he smiled very extravagantly: “Auntie.”

"Well, you just forgot the forefront now, but I don't know how to call you?" Su Shi's mood is also very happy. He can tell his lover's real name without leaving the horse. This is really a good loss. The ball helped me arrange such a chicken rib name with no difference.

Ling Tian thought for a moment, it was very difficult to say: "I can't think of the answer to this question."

"When I was healing for you, I found that you were wearing a sign with the word 'Lingtian' on it, but I don't know if it was your name." Su Shi took the jade card from the table and handed it to Lingtian. Because he hasn't left his lover's vest yet, Su Shi is not good at giving his lover a name.

Ling Tian looked at the jade card over and over again and nodded. "The aunt will call me Lingtian for a while."

"So, Ling Tian, ​​you have a good rest, I will not bother." Su Shi smiled and said goodbye, and slowly left under the gaze of the lover.

The ball is very curious on the side: "Hosted adults, why didn't you directly accept the male master?"

According to the degree of bad taste of the host, I should really like the adjustment of this apprenticeship.

Su Shi raised her eyebrows and glanced at the ball, and raised a mysterious smile: "I have my own plans."

One side of the ball sighs that the appearance of the fox is not ordinary, even if it is somewhat hooked by the host of his own, and began to automatically make up his own host and come up with any bad ideas.

In the next few days, the male master in amnesia could inadvertently hear the whispers of the little demon boys in the demon cave, and the contents were surprisingly similar.

Little demon boy: "Do you know the mortal who was brought back by the demon?"

Xiao Yao Tong B: "Nature knows, the demon statue specifically told us to take good care of the mortal, but that person seems to be amnesia, even whoever he is, do not remember."

Little demon boy C: "I really can't figure out why the demon statue brought back such a person with unknown origins, and even gave him the demon who had already turned the celestial to save his life. Isn't this very dangerous? ”

Xiao Yao Tong Ding: "Who said it is not? If the person really gave birth to any coziness, the demon statue will be very dangerous. If it is not the demon statue, I really want to drive the person out of the demon world!" ”

This kind of clear-cut words, even if you only listen to it once, will make Ling Tian feel guilty, not to mention that it is played in a few days. Ling Tianyue feels that he is simply a burden, or a hidden danger. After a few hesitations, he finally took the initiative to find Su Shi.

Su Shi is always paying attention to the movement of the lover. Seeing that he finally took the initiative, Su Shi squatted and ran to the bath, so when Ling Tian was alone, he walked into a demon. At the time of the cave, what I saw was the fascinating naked back with the black silk and the crystal water beads.

Ling Tian’s throat rolled uncontrollably twice, and his body began to heat up. This feeling was raging, but strange but difficult to suppress.

Su Shi smashed the black hair on his shoulders, as if he noticed the arrival of Ling Tian, ​​and turned his head slightly to smile: "You are here, and wait for me for a while."

After all, Su Shi went to the pool directly with a calm look. The clear pool of water began to sneak out, and somewhere hidden in the water became more and more looming and fascinating. Ling Tian knew that he should He turned his back, but his gaze seemed to be stuck on Su Shi’s body, and he couldn’t tear it anyway.

Until a jade leg of Su Shi slowly lifted out of the water, Ling Tian Fang looked away from his dreams, and his heartbeat became more and more intense. His heat was also rushing up and down, completely uncontrolled.

Su Shi seemed to be completely ignorant of it. He only walked barefoot with a thin white shirt. The voice was soft and soft: "I didn't know that you were coming over, so I was so rude. I also hope that Ling Tian will care. ""

Ling Tian shook his head again and again. After a few days of cultivation, his face was not as pale as before. Therefore, the color on the face was more and more obvious. Su Shi, and his heart was laughing, but the face was puzzled: "Ling The look of the sky seems to be somewhat inappropriate, but what is the discomfort of the body?"

Ling Tian busy opened his face and coughed: "My body is no longer a problem. I came here to find aunt, there is something to do business."

Su Shi took Ling Tian on the side of the jade platform, and his face was mild and authentic: "I don't know what Ling Tian is doing?"

Being looked at by Su Shi, Ling Tian’s face was a bit more red: “I came to ask an aunt, my appearance to Auntie, will it bring a lot of trouble?”

Su Shi admired Ling Tian’s shy and pure appearance, while thinking in his heart, although the setting of the outside cold is very interesting, but it is still more suitable for him to smile with a blushing heartbeat. what.

"If you talk about trouble, it is indeed some. After all, you are not my family, and your status is unknown. This will have some impact on me." Since Su Shi deliberately designed this, it will not be denied at this time. When he saw Ling Tian, ​​he gradually revealed his self-blame and struggle. He only turned around and said, "But since I have rescued you, I will give you the demon. Naturally, I will not ignore you for these reasons. You Although rest assured."

Say, Su Shi said again: "But who is chewing on the tongue in front of you will make you so cranky?"

Ling Tian did not feel comforted. Instead, he looked low and said: "No, I just don't want to bring you such trouble. Moreover, although I seem to be harmless now, even I have forgotten the past, no one. I know if I will one day...so I may not stay here."

"You can rest assured that this is the result of my cultivation. You may not be able to bring me any threats. Moreover, you can live now because there is my demon, I want to take your life... Su Shi said here, the coveted paused, only after a while, "I only hope that this day will not come."

"But anyway, I stay here, it is not good for you." Ling Tian is also down, and it is inevitable that he will struggle inside. He does not want to drag Su Shi, but he does not want to leave. This question is for him. It is really difficult to make a choice.

Su Shi’s gaze turned and whispered: “If you want to be justified in the demon world, I have a way.”

"What is the method?" Ling Tian looked bright and looked up.

"I have said that although I have practiced for hundreds of thousands of years, I have never received any disciples. I wonder if you can be my only disciple?" Su Shi smiled and threw the bait. "If you are my disciple, naturally. No one will be arguing."

In the original plot, the reason why the original Lord accepted Ling Tian was a disciple, mainly because of his heart, so Ling Tian is more like a passive bearer.

However, Su Shi does not intend to take this obscure paying route. Even if he pays, he has to pay a high-profile publicity to keep his lover in mind.

Ling Tian heard the words, the gaze of the eyes lit up, if you can become a disciple of this person, and still the only disciple, can you let him go further from this person?

Ling Tian’s eyes stood brightly and looked solemnly: “I would like to worship Auntie as a teacher!”





 In the original plot, the original Lord received Ling Tian as a disciple, but it was a simple ceremony, even in addition to the people around the original, few others knew about it.

But it was not so simple when it fell to Su Shi.

Su Shi thought for a moment, directly summoned a small demon boy, and told the high cold and indifferent shelf, "After three days, the deity will hold a collection of apprentices, and you will tell the whole demon world."

The little demon boy is busy, and he has retired. The shock in his heart is not small. My god, the demon statue has to accept a mortal!

Ling Tian was also shocked, and some were flattered: "A... Master is so arranged, is it too grand? After all, I am just a mortal."

"What's the matter?" Su Shi took down the noble and indifferent after the little demon boy retired. He smiled at Ling Tian. "You have to worship me as a teacher, and always ask them to know." And save them from bullying you in the future."

Ling Tian only felt that his heart was warm, but he did not know what to say. From the beginning, Auntie was his savior. Now, in order to allow him to stand in the demon world, Auntie is an exception to accept himself as a disciple. Such kindness, he is afraid that it will not be clear anyway?

And as long as I think that I am going to be the only disciple of Auntie, Ling Tian’s heart can’t help but have an indescribable incitement. Since it’s the only disciple, then in the case of Auntie, it should be a unique existence. ?

The only fly in the ointment is that after becoming a master and apprentice, he will not be able to call the name of the aunt in the future, but to call him a "master."

Ling Tian, ​​who is fashionable and pure as white paper, does not know that in some special occasions, the name "Master" is really a different flavor, which makes people want to stop.

"Thank you so much, Master." Ling Tian was grateful, and he looked at Su Shi with his heart.

Su Shi smiled and nodded. "You are my only disciple. I naturally want to protect you. Although the apprenticeship has not yet been held, but since you have already called me a 'master', then from today, you will move over and Let me live together, so that you and I can practice exchanges more conveniently in the future."

"Come in... live with Master? So don't you bother with Master?" Ling Tian's eartips were silent.

"There is only one place for cultivation in the demon cave of the teacher," Su Shi calmly stunned Ling Tian, ​​and he was guilty. "You and I are sitting now, it is a cultivation of Yutai. After bathing in the week, the teacher will sit here for a moment to rest."

Ling Tian’s mind instantly showed his master’s body hanging out of the bath slowly, and then meditating here, thinking of the drop of water and the falling drops of water, thinking of the random drop on the jade platform. Black hair, think of that...

"Ling Tian, ​​what is yours? But what is the discomfort of the body?" Su Shi looked at Ling Tian with anxiety. In fact, his heart has already turned over. The love of this world is too pure, and it is amused by a little bit of slap. Red face red.

Ling Tian returned, and quickly turned his face and shook his head: "No...nothing, I just... suddenly felt a little hot."

How can I... How can I have such a thought about my master? This is simply a big mistake! Although the heart kept telling himself so constantly, Ling Tian’s mind still flashed some embarrassing pictures from time to time, which is a sweet torture for him.

"Nothing is fine. You still haven't fully recovered. You have to take a rest and recuperate. If there is anything wrong, you must tell the teacher." Su Shi looked at Ling Tian with a sigh of relief. "Speaking of your body should have been adapted to the existence of Shi Yao Dan, tomorrow I will help you use the spiritual power to repair the meridians in the body, you can probably start practicing again."

At this time, Ling Tian did not dare to go to see Su Shi. He only hurriedly bowed his head and said: "The disciple understands, so thank you Master. If the Master does not have other instructions, the disciple will retire first."

"Alright, you should go back to rest first." Su Shimei continued to smile gently, until Ling Tian looked scared to escape, the expression on his face slowly became interesting.

When the next day, Ling Tian finally adjusted his mood to see Su Shi, the news about the demon respect to the apprentices has spread throughout the demon world. I don’t know how many demon practitioners are so surprised that even the cultivation is quiet. Come down.

Demon statues have to be accepted!

The object of the apprentice is actually a mortal who is unknown!

The blow to them is almost no less than the thunder of the thunderstorm. You must know that in the demon world, you think or think about the demon repairs that you want to worship the demon. At least half of the total number of demons. There are still many, but they are all ruthlessly rejected by the demon.

I thought about it, everyone was rejected anyway, and there was nothing to disappoint and saddened, but now! Demon statues have to accept an ordinary mortal as a disciple, which is absolutely unrepeatable blow to them!

Innocent Ling Tian did not know that he did not do anything at all, it has become the entire demon public enemy of almost the entire demon world, at this time almost all the demon repairers have made a decision silently.

Two days later, they must look at it and see what the stupid xiao (biao) people (za) look like!

Ling·All demon public enemies. Heaven knows nothing about this. At this time, he is being guided by Su Shi’s wrist to guide the spiritual movement in the body. The meridians that were completely shaken are gradually repaired under the nourishment of spiritual power, and even It has become more open than ever.

Only such a repair also brought Ling Tian a burst of unbearable severe pain. The pain that permeated from the bone marrow could not be avoided. He almost drove him directly.

Who is it... even so ruthlessly ruining his cultivation, shaking his meridians and crushing his dantian, if he told him who it was, he would...

Such thoughts are born out of control, and it is difficult for Ling Tian to concentrate completely.

"Concentrate, do not give birth to the devil." Su Shi see Ling Tian forefront has been oozing a layer of fine cold sweat, the face is almost twisted, distressed and whispered to remind.

Ling Tian was busy with his heart and gritted his teeth. After a full half hour, the pain of his body gradually subsided. Ling Tian’s clothes were completely wet by cold sweat, and his face was pale and terrible.

He slowly opened his throat and just wanted to move his body, but he felt that his body was weak, and he went straight backwards. Ling Tian had no time to work hard, and he felt that there was a hand with a little coolness on his back. Followed by him, he was pulled into his arms by Su Shi.

"The disciple is rude." Ling Tian's heart jumped, but the words he said were weak and powerful. Only then did the tossing tell him that he could not make a little effort. Even if he knew it was wrong, he could only rely on his head. Rest on your shoulders.

"No problem," Su Shi used the robe sleeves to help Ling Tian wipe the cold sweat before the forehead. The look was soft and soft. "It is difficult to reconnect the broken muscles. Even if it is a teacher, I am afraid that I will be tossed." Half a life, not to mention you have just been seriously injured."

Ling Tian looked at Su Shi’s slender neck and looked at it for a moment. He had already left uncontrollably. His pain and exhaustion did not seem to exist. His eyes could only notice the beauty in front of him, his throat. I swallowed uncontrollably, and my heart was mad. So close, he could kiss the tempting skin with a slight raise, and the taste must be very...

"Ling Tian?" However, such thoughts were quickly interrupted by Su Shi with an incomprehensible voice.

Ling Tian subconsciously regained his gaze and quickly responded: "Thank you Master for your comfort, please allow your disciples to pass the moment."

Although the strength of his body has slowly recovered, Ling Tian is not willing to get up. He can't help but feel the place where he is attached to his two layers of thin fabric. The tip of his nose carefully sniffs the cold breath from Master, only to feel his heart. Some kind of incitement and impulsiveness have intensified.

But he can only think about it. This person is his master after all, his benefactor, and the demon statue of the demon world.

Thinking so, Ling Tian’s heart could not help but raise a thick loss and unwillingness. He secretly took a deep breath and finally sat up straight and said: “Thank you for helping Master.”

"You are the same as the clerk," Su Shi retracted his hand and smiled. "Now your muscles have been repaired. Although the damage at Dantian is irreversible, as long as there is my demon, it will not Count the problem, so you can start practicing again."

"The disciple will concentrate on cultivation, and will never let Master's efforts be wasted." I thought that my body still had Master's demon, and Ling Tian's heart was relieved.

Su Shi nodded and slowly stood up: "In the future, it is your cultivation place. It is just that your meridians have just been repaired today. It is still not suitable for cultivation. It is possible to bathe in the medicine pool of the teacher. So for you. There are also some benefits to the body."

Ling Tian’s gaze flashed slightly. The medicine pool seemed to be the place where the master bathed him. He was only used by one person. When he thought of it, Ling Tian immediately nodded and promised: “So thank you Master.”

When Ling Tian faded his clothes and walked into the medicine pool, his mind suddenly and uncontrollably showed some unspeakable pictures. He only felt that his body was getting hotter and hotter, and somewhere he was slowly becoming more energetic.

This sudden situation makes Ling Tian panic and emotional, but even if he loses his memory, he can still be self-taught about something, just when he is ready to reach out, that is in his mind. The constantly emerging figure suddenly appeared in front of you.

Ling Tian was shocked by the sudden appearance of Su Shi, and some thoughts were scared and shrunk back.

"Master, you... how are you..." Ling Tian said something that was unfavorable.

Su Shi just smiled a little: "When the teacher comes to the bath every day, Ling Tian should not mind being a teacher to bathe with you?"





 On the day of Su Shi’s apprenticeship ceremony, almost half of the demon world was alarmed. However, all the demon slayers who are qualified to get close to the demon cave house have heard the news, but only ten or so who can really enter the demon cave house. Repaired as a powerful demon close to the robbery period.

The demon world is different from the Taoist world. It does not distinguish between the gangs and the so-called rituals. Therefore, even those sorcerers who are swaying outside and blowing cold winds are afraid to complain.

It was just a special trip to run this trick, but I couldn’t see the mortal who had abducted the demon, and told them to be a bit squeaky.

Unlike the lively scenes outside the demon-shoudong house, the demon caves that hold the apprenticeships seem to be quiet and quiet, and the more than a dozen of the geniuses who have been used in the demon-cultivation world to be flattered and raised are really demon. In front of him, he only dared to be a demon with his tail, and he couldn’t even dare to sit there.

In fact, these big-powered people who are envied and hated by the outside are not relaxed at this time. They are completely different from the demon cults who blindly worship the demon, because they have all been demonized. The tragic experience of **** formation.

I thought that when I was young and energetic, I was also used to being lifted up. I really thought that I could become the first in the demon world. I also took the initiative to find the door to discuss with the demon. The result is naturally miserable. From then on. They will no longer dare to look like noble and indifferent, but in fact, the ruthless demon sorcerer has joined together.

And this time... they didn’t expect that they would receive an invitation from the demon!

The demon is a disciple, and it is not them. Why do you have to invite them to watch? Do you know that the demon do not know, will this evoke a strong psychological shadow in their hearts?

However, they have not been courageous to refuse such an invitation, so they have to courageously come down with the courage of the mouse. I only hope that this demon statue will not mention the unpredictable predecessors!

More than a dozen big-powered demons waited for nearly half an hour, and the main lord of this apprenticeship was finally late. Su Shi was still a white-like robes, but the black hair of the knees was rare. Gathered with a jade crown, it was very cold and cold.

The powers suddenly dared not even out of the atmosphere, but seeing that Su Shi had no intention to speak at first, the powers had to face each other and had to open their hearts.

The snake demon sucked the snake-like letter nervously and took the lead to open the door: "The little demon wishes the demon to receive the high-ranking deeds. This is really a big joy in the demon world."

The demon smashed two times, and he followed closely: "It is precisely that the mortal is also a blessing, and he can be a disciple of the demon."

The remaining big powers were about to follow the opening, but they saw Su Shi’s look coldly and squatting: "You sit quietly, you don't have to talk."

"..." The powers of the powers are running in tears. Since you are so disgusting with us, why do you want to pull us to hurt each other? !

But the demon do not let the opening, they do not dare to speak, can only be turned into a stone statue sitting there, only when they are practicing qualitative.

Su Shi took the shelf and sat on the large seat carved by the Millennium Ice Jade. The slightly cold eyes fell on the entrance of the demon hole. After only a moment, a handsome man dressed in white walked slowly from there. Come, faintly with a few nervous eyes lifted slightly, and it is opposite to Su Shi.

In the blink of an eye, the pair is filled with indifference and noble scorpion, and instantly flashes a soft and shimmering light, as if it can melt people, Ling Tian only feels his heart pounding, but it is no longer because of tension, but because of the bottom of my heart. The strong incitement that rises in vain.

If those big-powered people see Su Shi’s superb face-changing skills, I am afraid I will be shocked and directly stunned, but they have not noticed this at the moment, because the eyes of the mighty are falling slowly. Come in Ling Tian.

This is the mortal who must be accepted as a disciple? It’s just like it’s normal, it’s not in the early days of Yuan’s repair, but it’s not too much... and so on! Why do they feel a familiar, chilling and heart-warming atmosphere in this mortal? !

The powers all eyes wide open at this moment, and there is an incredible thought in the mind. Is it true that the demon statue gave his demon to this person? !

This thought flashed, and the expressions of the mighty people were twisted in the same instant, as if they had swallowed a fly, it was terrible, it was terrible!

Just as the powers did not notice the change of Su Shi's look, Ling Tian did not notice the exaggerated expression of these people. At this time, his eyes could only accommodate the next person, that is, Su Shi, who was gently smiling at him at this time. It is also his master.

After today’s apprentice ceremony, the man is his master, he is alone.

Ling Tian took a deep breath and finally stopped at the center of the demon hole. The teacher's ceremony in the demon world was very simple. Just Ling Tian was the first apprentice, and Su Shi would help him by hand.

After Ling Tian set up, he was about to bow down with a stirring mood. Who knows that he just wanted to bend over, but he saw a little demon boy rushing in anxiously.

How can such a grand and emotional scene be easily destroyed? Therefore, Su Shi did not wait for the little demon boy to open her mouth, directly blinded the past, and scared the little demon boy to the mouth, I do not know how to export.

"If there is anything, I will say it after the end of the deity's apprentice ceremony." Su Shi flicked his finger and pushed the little demon boy outside the demon hole. He looked back at Ling Tian and motioned him to continue.

Although Ling Tian is somewhat suspicious, why is the little demon boy so scared, but he does not want his apprentice ceremony to be interrupted, and he is waiting to re-enter the teacher, but he has suddenly changed his life at this time.

A large demon hole suddenly flew into a figure outside the door, slammed into the wall, making a loud noise, and a careful look, it was the little demon boy!

Su Shi’s little demon boy, who was stunned by blood, threw a bottle of medicinal herbs to him, and his eyes slowly turned to the doorway, only to see a black man slowly coming in with sorrow.

"The demon esteemed the adult, the outside is really lively, but it is inside, it seems that it is too cold... oh!" The man walked in with arrogance, but the arrogant words just said half, they stopped short because Su Shi has already covered his neck with spiritual power.

"I don't know how to be small, dare to disturb the deity's apprentice ceremony, the deity takes your life is not enough to sin!" Su Shi slightly squinted, even a finger did not move, it has already daring into this The life is in the palm of your hand.

This person dared to interrupt the warm apprentice ceremony of his and his lover, it is self-death!

The man in black is struggling, but he can't break away from the shackles on his neck. He can only ask for a face that has risen into a pig's liver and ask for mercy: "Fair deity... forgiveness, I... I didn't mean to bother, but... ..."

"Noisy!" Su Shi was not impatient to listen to this person's pig-like voice, directly sealed his voice, and then turned to look at Ling Tiandao, "Ling Tian, ​​this person is uninvited, hurt the deity The person who interrupted you and my teacher, how do you deal with it?"

The black man who was breathed out of breath was more ugly, and the demon statue gave his life and death to this abominable mortal!

Ling Tian did not expect that he would be asked this question, and slightly surprised his eyebrows: "The disciples listened to Master's arrangements."

On the contrary, the powers who were on the sidelines were not surprised by Su Shi’s actions. Even the demon dan was given to others. Now it is just asking for an opinion and what is it?

"Today is the day when you and I formally become masters and apprentices. Although the deity does not care, but in the Taoist circles, it seems that there is no need to see blood in the happy event. So, the deity will spare his life for a while. What do you think?" Su Shi nodded and asked again.

In Su Shi’s words, the words and sentences are all valued by Ling Tian. You can marry me with the powers. I look at you. Some of them understand why the demon statues invite them to attend this apprentice ceremony. This is nothing more than Telling them that this mortal is covered by a demon, they can't touch it. If someone else wants to touch it, they can help.

The powers can't help but feel that they really never thought that the demon statue is actually such a short-sighted person!

Ling Tian didn't think so much. He just felt that his heart was warm and some were flattered: "So thank you Master."

Su Shi took back the spiritual power and said to the man in black who fell to the ground with his neck. "Although the deity does not intend to take your life, but you force the deity of the emperor, the deity will not light you, wait until After the completion of the Grand Master’s ceremony, he will make another calculation.”

After all, Su Shi would have to clean this person out, but he heard the black man whispering at this moment: "Demon, why do you have to accept this mortal as a disciple? He is not worthy of being your disciple." !"

Su Shi’s eyes are cold, he has always been extremely short-sighted, and Ling Tian is still his lover, lover can bully himself, but it is impossible to let others bully.

"Ling Tian is not worthy of being a disciple of the deity. It has nothing to do with you. Instead, the deity feels that this ugly face is completely unmatched by Ling Tian. You look at this face, but it is very annoying when you look at it." Cold face with a merciless skill.

The black man’s face was reddened by Su Shi: “Demon, I don’t know why you are so eccentric, but he can’t even compare me, what qualifications are your disciple? You accept him as a disciple, simply humiliating your own reputation, and asking the demon to think twice!"

These words are righteous words, as if they were selflessly considering Su Shi, but after Su Shi listened, they only laughed with a deep sense of coldness: "How does the deity know, who the deity accepts? I want you to be a singer who is not in the stream. In the opinion of the deity, you are really far from Ling Tian. I am afraid that you are not qualified for him as a demon boy, so where are you confident and dare to What is the slogan in front of the deity?"

When a person with a high-cold attribute is serious about turning on the satirical skill, which is equivalent to adding a ten-fold damage buff to this skill, this is definitely not a joke, because everyone on the scene can prove it.

The man in black was also said to be so aggressive that he suffered 10,000 points of damage in an instant, and he didn’t even know what to do.

"The most important thing is that you may be mistaken from the beginning," Su Shi raised his chin slightly and put on a high cold face that despised all beings. "It’s not Ling Tian who wants to worship the deity as a teacher, but The deity must accept him as a disciple, and this apprentice ceremony is also the deity of the deity to be held, so you can understand?"





 Su Shi’s words were like a slap in the face, slamming into the face of a black man’s face, fanning his face suddenly and white, almost vomiting blood directly.

What kind of means does this mortal have made, even if the demon can help him if he favors him!

However, some people's cheeks are too thick, they have been fanned into this, and they still refuse to give up: "I don't dare to refute the demon statue, but I ask the demon to give me a chance to let me learn from him. Once, if I lose, there will be no more words. If he loses, how can a mortal who is unbeaten even if I am qualified to become a disciple of the demon?"

Su Shi’s eyes stared coldly at the man in black, and his heart, this person is really a mental retardation? Can't understand people?

I wanted to clean up this self-righteous **** later, but since he was so eager to find abuse, Su Shi did not let him down: "Very good, your challenge, the deity accepted."

"Thank you for the demon singer..." The man in black was so relaxed that he just wanted to thank him, but suddenly realized that he was not right. "Demon, I said that the person who wants to challenge is this mortal, not the demon who respects you..."

Su Shi sneered and looked at the man in black contemptuously: "I have already said that it is the decision of the deity to accept Ling Tian as a disciple. Since you are determined to be dissatisfied with this matter, it is natural to find the deity. Or do you have any doubts about the words of the deity?"

The man in black is waiting to explain, but Su Shi has directly sealed his voice. He turns his head and looks at his loved one with admiration: "Ling Tian, ​​the teacher wants to solve this problem first, then the teacher What do you think is good?"

Su Shi’s previous maintenance move has already conquered Ling Tian’s heart. At this time, he asked his own thoughts in such a whisper, and Ling Tian naturally did not disagree: “The disciples listened to Master’s arrangements.”

Su Shi nodded and directly used the spirit to sneak out the black man to go outside the demon hole. Ling Tian and the dozen or so powers immediately followed.

At this time, the demon sacred house was full of excitement. No one thought that the demon lord would suddenly appear at this time, and there were so many powerful energy behind him. The demon cultivators face each other, and the original noisy scene became silent in an instant.

Immediately, a black unidentified object was thrown in front of the demon.

Su Shi was dressed in white and fluttering on the high platform in front of the Dongfu. He looked down at the crowd and said with a cold voice: "This demon party is forced to break into the Confucius Cave, not only rudely interrupting the deity's apprentice ceremony, but also In order to question the decision of the deity, the deity wants to have a duel with him. I don’t know who else has the same thoughts in the presence. It is possible to stand up at this time and save the time of the deity."

After obscuring this, the sorcerer who was not aware of it, looked at the black man who fell to the ground with admiration. This tiger demon actually said their voices, it was too courageous. It’s just that his end will be terrible, right?

Although almost all the demons who were present were extremely dissatisfied with the demon apprentices, in the face of Su Shi, they were half-words who dare not spit out. After all, they still have to be close to each other.

Seeing no one heard, Su Shi’s gaze swept through the demons, and the micro-hooked corner said: “So, do you agree with the deity of the deity?”

The demons repaired and shook, and they were so scared that they nodded, and the demon confession was too good, too good, too powerful, although such an idea was very conscience.

Su Shi was very satisfied with the reaction of the demons. The cold eyes slowly turned to the black man who could not move on the ground, and could not open the mouth: "Then, only this demon wants to stop the deity." Already?"

The demons continued to nod and nod. They never gave birth to the same thoughts as this idiot. They came here today, not to see what the mortal looks like.

and many more……

At this time, the demon sorcerer finally found his gaze to Ling Tian, ​​who was standing behind Su Shi, but even if this person was in front of him, they would not even be born with a half opinion.

Su Shi took the sleeves and removed the spiritual power that was added to the man in black. Instead of waiting for the other person to speak, he said directly: "This duel can now begin."

"Demon, I really don't want to challenge you, I am just..." The black man rushed to get a cold sweat, his tone was eager to explain, but he was sealed by Su Shi.

"Since it is a duel, or directly, the deity does not want to waste too much time on this matter," said Su Shi, who squinted at Ling Tian behind him, whispering, "The deity's disciples are still waiting. It is."

Obviously it is a very simple discourse, but Ling Tian feels that his heart is jumping out of his chest. He feels that he... seems to be tempted.

The man in black had a hard time saying that he was so anxious to dance. Su Shi did not even see what he did. He played the sleeves of the robe: "Since you refuse to do it first, then the devil will take the shot first."

Say, Su Shi is like crushing an ant. The man in black is completely ruined. The whole process takes a very short time. It is almost just a blink of an eye. After the start, Su Shi will also use the power of his voice. Pulled back.

Almost at the same time, the black man’s mouth made a very tragic mourning, and the whole demon struggled to wrestle on the ground, and his fierceness scared the audience’s demon to repair the atmosphere. They will be like them in a moment.

Su Shi was unheard of, but he said with an icy voice: "If someone dares to insult the demeanor of the deity in the future, the end will only be worse than him. Can you remember?"

Where can you remember the demon? They are all scared, how are they? For the first time facing the power and ferocity of the demon, their hearts are almost collapsed.

Will solve the problem, Su Shi is going to go back to the demon hole with the lover to continue the teacher's ceremony, but suddenly see the black man's mouth slowly overflowing with a blood mark, Su Shi brow wrinkles, directly with a spiritual power to pass, will his mouth Blocked, coldly angered: "Who is allowed to vomit blood in the day of the Lord's great joy?"

"..." The demon repairs simply don't know what to put on, although it is true that this tiger demon is self-sufficient, but the demon respect will be repaired as a waste, and it is not too violent to vomit blood.

Only Ling Tianyi, the attention turned to the words of "the day of great joy", he screamed in his heart, thinking in a dark puncture, I wonder if Master knows these words in the ordinary people. What is the intention, and what is the reaction?

The black man who was scrapped and repaired but could not even vomit blood fell to the ground desperately, crying silently, but Su Shi had already carried the shelf and took Ling Tian back to the demon hole to continue to worship.

This time, no one bothered, Ling Tian was able to successfully go to the teacher. Su Shi personally lifted Ling Tian from the ground and kicked away the powers that had already been flashed, and then took the hands of the new disciples. I went to the water.

Although he has been bathed with Master, Ling Tian still feels very uncomfortable, and his body is also hot. He can only turn his eyes to the stone wall on one side, which seems to be unintentional: "Master is just like to maintain his disciples, disciples. Very grateful."

Su Shiru jade's fingertips are hooked on the hair of the ink, and the hook is wrapped around the image of who is entangled: "You are the deity, the deity should protect you, and the deity is only you." One person, besides you, who can the deity protect?"

Ling Tian was once again hit by Su Shi’s words containing multiple keywords. He felt that he couldn’t breathe almost quickly. Then he inexplicably asked a question: “Master has been practicing for more than 100,000 years, but he once thought about finding a demon. Companion?"

"Fairy?" Su Shi closed his eyes. After a moment of silence, his voice was indifferent. "There are many devils who have said this to the deity, but the deity is really not worthy of other demon."

I can't get on it, instead of trying to find a demon, Ling Tian is inexplicably relieved: "The Master must have thought about what kind of demon to find?"

Su Shi’s fingertips moved, and his eyes turned to Ling Tian’s body. Ling Tian also looked down subconsciously. Even though he knew that such a pair of eyes might expose his mind, Ling Tian felt that his master was contaminated by the heat. The blushing corner of the eye is like a hook, so he can't move his eyes.

There was also a slightly rosy red lips that seemed to have a little bit of water vapor, which made people want to use the fingertips to slowly wipe the water drops off.

Just as Ling Tian was about to fall into some uncontrollable delusions, Su Shi suddenly twitched his mouth slightly, and the voice was gentle and playful: "If the deity says that the demon of the deity is Ling Tian, ​​you are like this. What about it?"

Ling Tianwen slammed his eyes sharply, and his heart seemed to be hit by something, and he fell completely in an instant: "Master..."

But before he showed his heart, Su Shi had already smiled and waved: "It’s just a joke with you, it’s probably a long time of loneliness. For the teacher, I forgot whether I had considered this problem before."

Ling Tian, ​​who was just like a drum, was once again hit hard. His mood fell from a height in an instant, and he was unrecognizable. He quickly regained his eyes and covered all the emotions at the bottom: "It turns out."

"Speaking of this, has Ling Tian ever considered this question?" Su Shi’s heart smirked, but he was asking for a serious question.

Ling Tian had already had a heartache and didn't want to speak, but he had to be strong and calm: "Master forgets, the disciples have no longer remembered anything."

Su Shi raised an eyebrow and apologized apologetically: "It is the deity of the deity, but maybe you already have a beloved Taoist, and that person is waiting for you to go back?"

"No!" Ling Tian’s voice replied eagerly. Seeing Su Shi’s incomprehensible look, he was slow to slow down the color. “Although the disciples can’t remember the past, if the Taoist companions, the disciples should not Forget him."

"Would it be?" Su Shi’s gaze flashed like a bad idea.

Ling Tian firmly nodded: "In any case, the disciples will not forget him."

Su Shi did not smile deeply: "If there is such a day, I hope you can speak and believe."

After the teacher and the teacher finished bathing, Su Shi returned to the demon hole, the ball immediately ran out: "Host the adults, you should not intend to let the man lost the second time?"

"Can't you?" Su Shi calmly raised his eyebrows.

"It is not impossible, just by your strength, as long as you grasp the plot, you can completely avoid this." The ball is inexplicable.

"Although this kind of memory loss is really bloody, don't you think it is also very interesting sometimes?" Su Shi blinked, revealing a strong sense of evil, "especially when Ling Tian forgot everything, but I remember my time alone."





 The ball slowly turned two laps. When the lover forgot everything, he only remembered himself. He could only rush to hold his calf like a little hamster. It’s a little excitement to think about it, then the problem is coming: "How do the host adults affirm that the man is once again amnesia, will not forget you like the original story, but just remember you?"

"You should ask yourself this question. Isn't there even such a basic prop in your shopping mall?" Su Shi didn't sneak a sneak peek at the ball, which also contained a sneak peek.

The ball is running away with tears, can tamper with the props of other people's memories, and can even be said to be the basic props? ! It's completely different from the nature of the previous hard-to-find items!

However, if the host is a ferocious host, the ball can't refute it. It can only go to the mall with a sorrowful grief and search for it: "There are two kinds of props in the system mall that meet the requirements of the host adult. One is [permanent modification. Human memory medicine], this kind of prop can permanently modify a person's memory. After use, the function cannot be withdrawn or changed. The redemption requires 10,000 IQ points. The other is [modification of human memory medicine in a short period of time]. 10 days, within the range of aging, the user's memory can be adjusted autonomously, and the length of time the memory is modified, but once the deadline is exceeded, the effect of the item will disappear directly. This item requires 1000 IQ points for redemption."

Su Shi picked up his eyebrows: "The ball, don't you think there is a big problem with the pricing of the second item?"

"Is there?" The ball didn't understand Su Shi's meaning for a while, but the body had become subconsciously nervous. It felt that its own host seemed to start pitting it again.

"The aging time of the two props before and after is obviously +∞:1, why their price has reached a wonderful ratio of 10:1, don't you think this is very problematic?" Su Shi did not change the color to flick the ball, The faction of a group is calm.

The ball is again tearful, its IQ may not be so high, but it is not so good? And what is truly wonderful, should it be the kind of **** logic of its own host?

This kind of lucidity is just not very clever, but the feeling of being fooled by the host is simply too bad. The ball feels that it wants to be quiet and sleep for a long time.

Su Shi did not seem to notice the logic in his own words. He continued to be serious and serious: "So serious problems must be corrected, but your IQ is obviously not enough. Then I will help you correct the mistakes." Since you have worn me in three worlds, and have no credit and hard work, I will not adjust the price too low. The price of props [modifying human memory medicine in the short term] can be directly changed to 100 IQ points. You should have no opinion?"

I have opinions, and the opinions are particularly large. It can directly cause data to overflow, but will you listen?

Even if you know that your own host will not listen, the ball can't help but grieve: "The last time the host did not agree with me, will it not be like that again?"

Say good is not an example? Say good to be a little angel of each other? Why is it that I am injured last? QAQ

Su Shi is still a calm appearance, smiling: "Of course, it is not an example, because I am only helping you to correct mistakes this time. Or are you arrogant and do not accept any opinions? In this case, I am not Mind to go directly back to the real world."

At this moment, the ball once again recalls the deep fear that the host was threatened to return to the real world, so even if it knows that its own host is deliberately bargaining, what can it do? It is also desperate!

"Hosting adults, you are happy." The ball can only look at Su Shi with a flash of gray light, so look no more sad.

"Since you don't have any opinions, then this matter is so happily decided," Su Shi directly ignored the ball, smashed his sleeves, and simply and rudely changed a prop of 1,000 IQ points into 100 IQ. The price of the point, "Now help me to redeem a [modification of human memory medicine in the short term] props."

The ball has never felt the difficulty of the whole life as profoundly as it is at the moment. Perhaps its existence is a beautiful mistake from the beginning?

The ball that was forced to sell props at one-tenth the original price was simply speechless, and it really never seen such a brazen host!

Su Shi, who got the props, smiled with satisfaction, and then he completely unveiled a new topic in disregard of the feeling of the ball: "How did the tiger demon who died only die?"

The ball that was crying was too late to mourn for his tragic fate for three seconds, and was forced to open a new point of abuse, and honestly answered: "It seems to have been taken away by other demon, I did not look carefully. ”

Su Shi’s fingertip nodded on the jade platform and gave the ball a small task: “In the original story, the tiger demon had not appeared before.”

Although I feel that this task is somewhat inexplicable, but the ball can only cry and ran to check the original plot: "Hosted adults, this tiger demon has also appeared in the original plot, after a period of time after the male master, just appeared The number of times is very small, and the only thing that is done is the little boy who is inconspicuous around the man."

Su Shi brows and picks up, don't smile deeply: "So things can be much more interesting."

A well-prepared young tiger demon slammed into the demon's apprentice ceremony, which seemed to be purely self-defeating, but he was only teaching him to be a dead tiger demon. At that time, I was keenly aware that the demon in the demon group had already leaked out the spiritual power of killing, but it did not start, which is very interesting.

"What information can this message explain?" The IQ of the ball can't keep up.

"No, but at least it can tell us that the things in the previous apprenticeships were not as simple as they seem." Su Shi shook his head and lay down on the jade platform. "The deity has to rest, you carefully Stare at the cold, don't bother the deity."

"..." My pants are off, will you tell me this? !

After Su Shi lazily slept, he continued to go to the apprentice, but he did not know that his actions in the apprenticeship had spread throughout the demon world, and even faintly spread the trend of the Taoist and the magical world. .

The demon has received a mortal as a disciple!

For this mortal apprentice, the demon statue has automatically scrapped a repairer!

The demon statue actually gave his demon to the mortal apprentice!

The news of the best news was rumored, and even Mo Han, who was in a small restaurant in the border town of the demon and the road, also heard the discussion about this incident.

Demon Sorcerer: "Have you heard that? Demon esteem has received a mortal as a disciple, and at the ceremony, the demon cultivator who tried to stop the demon singer was scrapped!"

Demon Xiu B: "What is this? There is even more terrible. The demon statue even gave the mortal to his own demon. This is where the apprentice is, this is the demon!"

Demon repair C: "This is not something you can casually say, if you are heard by the demon, you do not want to repair."

Demon Xiu Ding: "But what he said is a fact. In the demon world, we exchanged the demon with other demons. This is the meaning of a demon. The demon statues gave the demon to the mortal. Not a demon, is it difficult to help him heal?"

The speaker is unintentional, the listener is interested, and Mo Han’s hand holding the cup is subconsciously tight, and his mind flashes an incredible thought in vain. Isn’t Ling Tian not dead, but saved by the demon of the demon world? And accepted as a disciple?

But when he lost Ling Tian in the demon world, he was already seriously injured, his veins were broken, and Dan Tian was destroyed. Even if he is afraid, he might not save him.

Unless... Demon Zun gave his demon to Ling Tian, ​​and used this as his life.

And only a few demon repairs said that it seems to be exactly the same as his thoughts, so Ling Tian really did not die?

The cold look was cold, and the fingertips of the cup were slightly white. After a while, he stood up and walked to the side of the demon, and asked with a gentle smile. "Dare to ask a few demon seniors." I don’t know what the name of the mortal who was called by the demon to be a disciple.

A few demon repairs saw the opening is a Taoist repair, the look between the look is contemptuous, the demon repairs a sigh of one voice: "Kid, do you do not pay the most attention to what kind of ritual? You eavesdrop on other people's speech, It seems that it is not in line with your pie."

Mo Han’s heart is also very incapable of these rough demon repairs, but after all, he is asking for people, and Mo Han has to be slightly stunned: “It’s really abrupt, but it’s just anxious to find me with me in the demon world. The separated brothers, so I have this question, and I hope that some of my predecessors can solve the problem."

Demon repair C will look at Mo Han up and down, see him good attitude, he also answered his question: "I heard that the mortal is like what day?"

"Is it called Ling Tian?" Mo Han clenched his fists and his eyes flashed.

These few demon repairs have never seen Ling Tian with their own eyes. They will know this and only hear it from other demon sculpt, so they are not sure, they can only give a vague answer: "It seems Yes, is he really the brother you are looking for?"

Mo Han had no idea what to say, only smiled and hurriedly thanked, then turned and left the restaurant.

Why Ling Tian actually did not die!

Why is his luck so good, he was saved by the demon, and became a disciple of the demon!

Mo Han looked gloomy on the road, his heart has been covered by thick hatred, but at the same time a quirky thought has also emerged. Since Ling Tian is not dead, why did he choose to stay in the demon world? Also worship the demon statue as a teacher?

It is because his body is already riddled with holes. Only when he is beside the demon, can he be safe?

Or is he hateful to himself, so that he is disappointed with the entire Taoist world, so he does not want to come back?

But no matter what the reason, Ling Tian’s existence is a great threat to himself. Mo Han can never let him continue to live!

Mo Han slowly picked up his mouth and smashed a sizzling sizzle. Since he could ruin Ling Tian once, he would ruin him for the second time. This time, he would never have another chance to turn over!





 With the advanced monitoring system of the ball, Su Shi naturally learned the movement of Mo Han.

After learning about Mo Han’s move, Su Shi just smiled. He originally wanted to cultivate his feelings with his lover and apprentice, and then manually promote the plot, but since Mo Han took the initiative to help this, Su Shi will naturally Take advantage of it.

"The news of Ling Tian's amnesia was passed to Mo Han's ear. I think he should not let me down." Su Shi smiled and gave the ball a task.

"I know." The ball has a very good understanding of the degree of bad taste of its own host, especially in the case of the abuse of scum, it is clear that the problem can be solved with one knife, but it is necessary to use a little fun means to live the other side a little bit. It’s really awful to taste to kill yourself, to satisfy your own bad taste.

After issuing this order, Su Shi got up in a good mood to point to the lover's practice, which sounded like a master's responsibility, and actually went to the trick.

"Your body has just recovered, and you must be extra cautious in your practice. If you have a bad pool, it may have a great impact on you," Su Shi said in an upright way to make excuses for his next deaf behavior. The teacher will help you to sort out the spiritual power in the body first. If anything is wrong, it will be solved early."

"Thank you Master." Simple Ling Tian did not realize the sinister intentions of his master, and gratefully took the initiative.

Su Shi took Ling Tian’s wrist and slowly passed the spiritual force into his body. He slowly walked along the body meridians. At first, Ling Tian only felt warm and soft, very comfortable, which almost made him feel a little. sleepy.

But at a certain moment, he suddenly felt that a little spiritual power seemed to start flowing toward an unspeakable place. Although this was only a small part of the spiritual power, he immediately responded to his body and his heartbeat. Followed by speeding up a lot.

Ling Tian was tense and sneaked a sneak peek at Su Shi, but he saw that the other party did not seem to notice the strangeness of himself. He was still trying to help himself sort out the spiritual power. Ling Tian is really not good because of such a small matter. And interrupt each other.

I thought that this feeling was gone, but who knows that after I tried my best to calm down, the feeling was not alleviated, but it became more and more fierce, making Ling Tian's body full of heat, almost hiding the disorder of breath.

If I continue this way, Master will find out that he is different. So thinking about it, Ling Tian’s heart can’t help but panic, and at the same time faintly reveals a hint of excitement that may not even be perceived by himself.

If Master is really aware of this...

Ming knew that he should interrupt Master's exploration at this time, but Ling Tian was inexplicably hesitant. In such hesitation, Su Shi slowly opened his eyes.

Ling Tian’s heart is tight, and the frequency of a heart beat is faster: “Master... Master...”

Su Shi looked inexplicably and looked at Ling Tian, ​​but quickly removed his gaze, and then the voice was mild and authentic: "Your body has fully recovered, because the teacher's demon is in your body, your cultivation has been restored to Taoism. In the period of the expiration, as long as the attitude of cultivation is correct, it will definitely improve quickly."

Ling Tian was faintly aware that his master had deliberately increased his tone when he spoke the words "just correct attitude", which made his face a little feverish: "The disciple must follow Master's teachings."

Su Shi nodded and stood up calmly: "To be a teacher for a few days, you must retreat and adjust your interest. You will be well versed in practice, and the affairs in Dongfu will be handed over to you."

At this time, Ling Tian should have stood up, but somewhere on his body is still squatting. If he rushes to get up, he will be directly exposed. Therefore, he can only sit there and look up at Su Shidao: "The disciples can rule on the temple." Not very well understood."

Su Shi bowed his head and glanced at him: "There is no rule for the teacher's Dongfu. If you really want to say it, then it is whatever you want. It used to be my heart. Now it is just one more."

This made Ling Tian’s heart rise for a while, and it made his unspeakable part become more active uncontrollably: “The disciple remembers.”

Su Shi, who had enough of his lover, was satisfied with his heart. Ling Tian took a lot of effort to suppress the physical spurt. As for his instigation, I’m afraid that if I spend more time, I can’t control it. It is.

Ling Tian did not expect that he would be tempted by his master when he lost his memory, and this person is still his savior, should such feelings really exist?

He is just a nameless person who can only rely on the other person to live well. What qualifications do you have in mind? If Master is aware of this matter...

Ling Tian clung to his lips, and his mood was infinitely lost and embarrassed. With his current identity and strength, he was not worthy of being the master of the demon, so he must... must become stronger and stronger. Master stood side by side!

So determined, Ling Tian is also preparing to retreat and practice, and at this time, Mo Han is already on the way to the demon-dwelling house. On the way, he is on the way, and he is also trying to investigate the situation of Ling Tian.

Soon, a message that he did not expect was passed to his ear, and Ling Tian lost his memory!

It is not because of serious injuries, nor is it resentful to him, but because of amnesia.

When Mo Han was informed of this news, he really did not know whether he should cry, or the feeling of laughing. He never thought that Ling Tian would have lost his memory directly!

But this way, did not just give him a great opportunity? A waste that has lost its memory and has to be attached to others to survive. Is it a trivial matter to put him to death?

Mo Han stood on the sword of the life, and urged the spiritual power to speed up his own speed again. He couldn’t wait to turn the brother who turned into a fool but still very unsightly!

A few days later, Ling Tian, ​​who was practicing, was interrupted by practice, because the demon worshipped a strange guest.

This person claimed to be a disciple of Qi Tianmen in Taoist circles. His name is Mo Han. This time he came to find his own brother, and his brother, the name is Ling Tian.

"Do he really say that?" Ling Tian looked at the little demon boy who interrupted his cultivation. There was no surprise between the eyes, because no matter what the person said was true or false, he appeared after he had determined his mind for Master. It's all a burden.

The little demon boy screamed and said: "Exactly, the Taoist is waiting outside the Dongfu. Do you need a child to drive him away?"

"No, you invite him in." Ling Tian sighed, even though he felt that the appearance of this person was very annoying, but he really could not directly drive people away.

The little demon boy took the lead to retreat, and Ling Tian adjusted the moment for a moment, then he got up and went to the demon hole of the hospitality.

At this time, Mo Han was sitting in the demon hole and drinking tea. Although it was confirmed that Ling Tian was indeed amnesia, he still had some vigilance, until he saw the Lingtian step by step, and the other side. In contrast, Mo Han completely put down the vigilance.

Not only because he has already determined from the other's eyes that Ling Tian has indeed lost his memory, or because he is completely unaware of the other person's cultivation, that is, Ling Tian has become a thoroughly waste!

This discovery almost made Mo Han could not help but laugh, but when he thought of his purpose, he still forcibly resisted, and his face hangs a false surprise and stands up: "Brother, it is really you!"

Ling Tian, ​​who had a smooth meeting with Su Shi, was not the mentally retarded person at the beginning. How could he not see the resentment and disgust of the cold eyes? It seems that the so-called younger brother does not like himself as much as he does not like him.

"I don't know if this is?" Ling Tian quietly looked at Mo Han up and down, but it was just a repair to the valley, and there was no threat to himself.

Mo Han walked two steps forward, and his eyes widened and surprised: "Brother, don't you recognize me? I am Mo Han, your younger brother!"

"Sorry, because I have suffered some mistakes before, I have forgotten the things I used to do," Ling Tian passed by from Mo Han and walked down to the main seat and slowly sat down. "So I really don't remember who you are." ""

"How come...how can this happen!" Mo Han's face was shocked, and he looked at Ling Tian's gaze more than he couldn't believe. "What happened to the brothers before, how can you lose your memory!"

Ling Tian faintly stunned Mo Han, his tone was cold and innocent: "Since you claim to be my younger brother, but also come to find me for a special trip, don't you know what I am missing?"

"I really don't know about this. Before I left with my brother in the two towns, I was looking for the whereabouts of my brother. I also learned from other demons that I had been detained as a disciple. "When it comes to this, there is a slight apology on the surface of Mo Han. "Before I wondered why the brothers suddenly made such a thing, but it was because of your brother's loss of memory. I shouldn't think of you like that before." ”

The two towns are the small town at the junction of the demon and the Taoist circles.

"How do we get rid of it?" Ling Tian asked.

Mo Han had already thought about this question, and it was effortless to answer: "At that time, I was chased by a few high-level demon repairs with my brother for no reason. The brothers told me to hide temporarily. You can lead the demon repairs. When I come out again, I can't find my brother."

"It was so." Ling Tian did not take the eyebrows.

Mo Han’s gaze turned and tentatively asked: “Brother, what happened after you lost your memory? Why do you... be brought back by the demon of the demon world, and become his apprentice ?"

"No matter what I experienced, now I am an apprentice of the demon, so please come back." Ling Tian is a direct indication of attitude, perhaps he has already worshipped the teacher before, but even so, he will not leave Master. .

Because even if there is no memory, Ling Tian can be sure that for him, everything that is owned now is the most important.

Mo Han didn't expect Ling Tian to be such an attitude. At the moment, his eyes flashed, and his face was full of anxiety and incomprehension: "Senior brother, what is your intention? I know that you are now losing your memory, you can't remember it. Once upon a time, but you have already worshipped the teacher before, and our master is the head of Qitianmen, how can you... No, I must not let you continue to make a mistake and then go wrong, I must take you Bring back!"

"My words have been made very clear, you can leave now." Ling Tian did not give him more eyes, the look of cold, completely different from the coquetry when facing Su Shi.

Looking at the lively Su in the other demon hole, I was eating the melons. I saw this and chuckled and asked the ball: "Is the ai brother (ren) seem to be particularly handsome?"

Round, eat melons, and the ball is nodding. "It's really a little handsome, that is, the IQ is not too high, and it looks a bit fine."

"It’s okay, what do you care about?" Su Shi glanced dissatisfied with the ball.

"..." Just said the truth of the ball and quickly shut up, and sure enough, it has never had such a thing.

I don’t know that my stupidity is being bitten by the onlookers. I asked the complaint: “Brother, one day is a teacher, and the whole life is the father. You should understand that even if you lose your memory, I will never believe it. You will make such a thing to forget the ancestors! Is it a demon, is he threatening you, so you must worship him as a teacher, so you will..."

"This matter has nothing to do with my Master. You have to criticize him." Ling Tian naturally wants to maintain his own master, and also a life-saving person.

"I don't believe that it is impossible to do this kind of thing with your brother's character!" Mo Han is a person who can't understand people completely, and firmly believes that Ling Tian must have a hard time." Demon statue? I must ask him personally why he does not want to let you go!"

Ling Tian was very unhappy because of Mo Han’s words. He waved his sleeve directly: “Master is now in a retreat, and you are not allowed to be entangled here.”

Hearing that the demon lord was actually practicing at a retreat, Mo Han completely let go of his heart, but on the face, he was righteous and righteous: "Since you are determined not to admit your mistakes, then I can only bring you back for Master!"

Said, Mo Han directly condensed a spiritual power, wrapped around Ling Tian's body, I thought that Ling Tian is now a complete waste, it is impossible to escape his own attack, but who knows that the spiritual power is about to When I touched Ling Tian’s body, it broke out in an instant.

Ling Tian’s finger slowly stood up and looked down at Mo Han: “I’m finally working on it, right?”

"Brother, I just don't want to see you continue to go wrong. I know I shouldn't do it for you, but I don't have any other way, so I can only offend!" The first time I missed the cold, I didn't go in the right direction. Considering that I only thought that my offensive was too weak, and when I spoke, I launched another attack.

However, this time, before he could gather the spiritual power, he was suddenly stunned by a spiritual force. The whole person was forced to raise it. Mo Han could not help but be shocked. Didn't Ling Tian have not repaired it? Why is he not his opponent at all!

Ling Tian quickly helped him to answer the doubts: "I want to do it with me because of the cultivation of the valley. Do you not feel that you are too self-sufficient?"

Mo Han suddenly opened his eyes and looked terrified. He did not expect it at all. The reason why he could not detect Ling Tian’s cultivation was not because his cultivation was lost, but because his cultivation was actually in his own on!





 Until his neck was caught, he couldn't move, and Mo Han was suddenly aware of it, and couldn't help but use the unbelievable tone: "How is this possible! How can your cultivation still be!" ”

"Why is my repair impossible?" Ling Tian said here, suddenly thought of something, his eyes flashed a little, "So I lost my cultivation, you are also informed? This thing and you really What is the relationship? Or is it that you are doing it yourself?"

Mo Han’s eyes narrowed, and he was busy with the shock on his face and put on a purely harmless appearance: “How could this be what I did! I just heard from others before I came to find my brother. This news is gone, otherwise I don’t even know where the brothers are, how can I know that you have lost your mastery?"

After saying this, Mo Han put on a face of aggrieved innocence: "Brother, let me go, I just didn't really want to do it for you, just want to bring you back, I really No malicious."

Ling Tian couldn't help but smile: "Do you think I look like a fool who will be deceived by you?"

Sue, eating melons and people, said that from a certain point of view, dear, you are indeed a fool who is ready to be deceived anytime, anywhere.

Fortunately, I am there, otherwise you are so stupid, what can I do?

"Brother, how can you say this?" Mo Han is completely in a passive situation, even though his heart is angry and shocked, but also hateful, but he has to bow temporarily. "I just really forced it, I am just real. I don’t want to see the crime of escaping the ancestors on your back. Do you know that this will be referred to by thousands of people in the Taoist world!"

Mo Han is hiding his emotions well, but Ling Tian at this time is no longer the idiot of the IQ in the original plot. The news is just a cold sweep of Mo Han: "I really don't want to tell the truth." ?"

Mo Han seems to be anxious to cry out like: "Brother, I really didn't lie to you... Ah!"

Just didn't wait for him to pretend to finish the words innocently, and suddenly the body suddenly seemed to be struck by a slender thread, and then the silk slowly penetrated into the flesh, and he couldn't help but mourn.

"Brother, what are you doing!" Mo Han pained his face pale, cold sweat, and gnawed his teeth, "How can you do this to me, I am yours... Ah!"

This time, after the words were not finished, they turned into a miserable mourning. The silk thread of the road continued to penetrate into it, as if it was about to cut his meridians and tear his bones, so that he could not live!

"Stop! Stop your hand!" Mo Han's voice changed, "Brother, please stop now..."

Ling Tian stopped very well. By the way, the spiritual power that restricted the cold action was also collected. The unsuccessful Mo Han fell to the ground in an instant, and he was uncontrollably squatting, and it looked like a wolf.

“Can you say it now?” Ling Tian looked down on Mo Han without any sympathy. His high coldness was similar to that of Su Shi’s appearance in front of outsiders.

Su · eat melons and people, smashed, directly turned the melon into a bowl of dog food, and sprinkled it out: "Ling Tian is not my amateur (ai) brother (ren), all my actions are my Style style."

The round, the melons and the masses, the ball manually rejected the bowl of Su Shi brand dog food, twisted and twisted the body: "This is probably the same as the little duck will see what he saw at the first sight after his birth as his mother, very similar. wonderful?"

"..." Su Shi looked at the ball with a black face, screaming out one word and one word. "You can choose to shut up, or let me shut you up."

The ball quickly closed his mouth, and at the same time silently wronged, it really just said a big truth! QAQ

On the other side, the cold was tempered for a while, then he barely pressed the pain down. He paled his face and said: "Senior, what am I doing wrong, you have to torture me so much? I have already said, you The thing that has been lost is really nothing to do with me. I don't know if it is... Ah!"

When Mo Han’s words were just halfway, the familiar pain was again attacked, and it was more fierce than just now. It seemed that he had to tear him into two halves, and he was huddled and curled up, and his white robes were on his body. It has been wetted by cold sweat, wrinkled into a ball, and the well-knit hair has been scattered and become messy.

"I don't want to hear you talk about these nonsense now. You just have to think carefully about whether you want to tell the truth. But there is one thing, I must remind you that I am not the 'brother' in your mouth, even if it is directly killed. You, I will not have any hesitation or embarrassment, do you understand?" Ling Tian’s tormenting action did not stop, and the sound was even cold and terrible.

Mo Han suffered from the torture of the whole body, and tried to think about the countermeasures. If it was Ling Tian in the past, he had a hundred ways to turn the other party, but now Ling Tian is like a person, even if it is completely I have no idea what to do, and I have no chance to implement it!

"Senior brother, even if you don't remember me, you shouldn't doubt me so much, but my younger brother," I thought about it, and Mo Han actually only came up with the idea of ​​selling it. He endured the pain. Tao, "Why are you doing this and how is it different from being beaten?"

"Since you are determined not to say, then..." Ling Tian slowly reached out and hung Mo Han in midair, but when he was about to start, the demon hole suddenly came into a familiar figure.

Ling Tian’s light shrank, and the movement on his hand stopped subconsciously: “Master, how come you?”

When Master saw his previous actions, Ling Tian’s heart was inexplicably raised with a panic and guilty conscience. He did not want the other party to see such a self.

What Ling Tian wants Master to see is to always look at his own self with admiration. It is because of amnesia that the mind is pure and open-minded, not the ruthless, cold and heartless self.

Losing the spiritual power exerted on himself, Mo Han’s “砰” sound fell to the ground again. He twisted his neck with some difficulty, and looked hard at Su Shi, who was slowly coming in. This person should have called him fear and disgust. The existence, but at the moment, seems to have become the only hope to save him.

"Demon statue... He wants to kill me, please help me!" Mo Han whispered in a hoarse voice, filled with panic and fear.

This made Ling Tian look changed, and wanted to explain it, but did not know how to explain it. He really wanted to take the life of this person.

Su Shi did not pay attention to the words of Mo Han, but walked to Ling Tian's side by step, his eyes softly staring at him: "Ling Tian, ​​can you tell the teacher what happened?"

"I..." Ling Tian felt that his nephew was a little dry, and the words that came to his mouth were caught when they were just exported.

Mo Han did not hesitate so much. He thought that this was his hope of living. He was very anxious to use a rough voice to say: "Demon, I am Ling Tian’s younger brother. Before we left, I have been Looking for him, this time I finally found out his trace, I wanted to recognize him, but who knows that after he learned that he had worshipped the teacher, he would kill me directly!"

I have to say that the skills of Mo Han’s provocation are still good. The emotions are well grasped. I don’t specifically talk about what the two people talked about. Instead, they directly point out the fact that Ling Tian once worshipped the teacher, but they did not. It seems to be deliberately highlighting this point, but it is a pity that the person who was being provoked by him at this time was Su Shi.

I have already done a good time to eat melons. The reason why I chose to appear in the middle is just to better understand the scum of Su Shi, how can I be easily provoked by the person who is not pleasing to the eye. The relationship between?

But the reason why Su Shi appeared at this time, in fact, there is another small purpose, he once again ignored the existence of Mo Han, looking directly at Ling Tiandao: "Ling Tian, ​​you are my apprentice, do you have between me and me? What can't you say?"

Before Ling Tian’s performance was really handsome, even Su Shi’s Su Shi had been successfully succeeded by him, but at the same time, Su Shi could not help but feel some distress.

On weekdays, he is clever and sensible in front of himself, and his pure and pure lover is like this in front of others. This seemingly fine performance is enough to explain that he is hidden in front of himself.

Because of amnesia, because I am worried about this strange thing, because I am afraid that the true self will be hated by the master, so I can’t even show my true side, because he knows that his side is cold and dark. It is cruel, it will make Master hate.

Ling Tian’s heart had a hint of fear, but he had to courageously confront Su Shi. In the glass-colored scorpion, Ling Tian saw tolerance, helplessness, sigh, and obvious distress.

This kind of gaze, Ling Tian slightly stunned.

"For me, you are the closest person to the teacher, and the most trusted person. Otherwise, the teacher will not give you your own demon," Su Shi looked at his lover seriously, word by word, "so. What about you? Is it a person you can trust completely? Or, actually, are you still prepared for me?"

"Not like this!" Ling Tian was anxious to deny, and there was a bit more worry between his looks. "I am just... I am just afraid that Master will drive me away. After all, I am just a mortal. I don't even know who I am." Master, you are a high-ranking demon, if I am not good enough... Will Master not want me?"

Su Shi slowly smiled, and the cool white cockles slowly slipped over Ling Tian’s face, gentle and patiently: “Of course not, no matter what you are, good or bad, I will not want you, So you don't have to be afraid, don't worry, understand?"

At this time, Su Shi did not know. In the near future, when he was pulled by the lover and endlessly repaired, he really wanted to go back and swallow this sentence.

Ling Tian raised his hand and held Su Shi’s hand, and the scorpion was already shining: “Really? No matter what I am, Master will not dislike me, will not want me?”

"Of course it is true." Su Shi smiled and nodded.

The two men looked at each other with affection, but they were still mad at the cold, but they were already vomiting blood. The two people who are no one to show love, you still remember my existence!





 When Su Shi and Ling Tian’s gaze finally moved back to Mo Han, Mo Han was almost mad at life. Sometimes, for some people, being ignored is far more terrible than being abused.

He reluctantly suppressed his heart and gnawed his teeth. He said: "Demon, my brother, he really had worshipped the teacher before, so no matter what, you can't accept him again!"

When the gaze fell on Mo Han, Su Shi’s look instantly changed from the spring rain to the thousand feet of ice: “The deity should not accept Ling Tian as a disciple, regardless of whether he has visited the teacher or not, and has nothing to do with your unknown soldier. Moreover, compared with the matter of apprenticeship, what the deity is more concerned about at this time is what is the relationship between you and my disciples who have lost their cultivation."

I just met a second-handed apprentice who didn't say direct killing. Now I have encountered such a master who does not follow the common sense. Mo Han only feels that his heart is extremely bitter. He knew that the enemy is so different. Why should he come here to find it? Abuse?

And haven't he already circumvented the topic? Why did the final problem return to the original point? !

"I don't even know why the brothers will lose their cultivation and how they lost their memories. This thing really has nothing to do with me!" Mo Han sighed with suffocation and almost defended himself. It was almost tearful. "You guys." And think about it, if this is what I did, how can I find the door to the net? This is simply not reasonable!"

Su Shi was completely unmoved, but his face was indifferent to reveal the truth: "Perhaps you are only worried that after Ling Tian resumes his memory, he will make your previous bad behavior public, or maybe you think that Ling Tian is now I have lost my cultivation, it is not your opponent at all, I want to take the opportunity to completely remove him. These are not all right?"

Although it was really poked in the mind, but Mo Han is more depressed than panic, this demon statue, how do you say this in such a situation without any evidence? of?

Do you want to make a conclusion now, but you have not paid attention to the evidence, but have you guessed it?

Mo Han’s feeling at this time seemed to be unable to get out of his chest in one breath. He was so uncomfortable that he wanted to lose his temper directly, but he had to swear in front of the two demons who were far above themselves: “Demon, Everything is about evidence, how can you give me such a big crime indiscriminately?"

"If the deity wants to convict anyone, there is really no need to be divided." Su Shi likes this kind of willfulness, and no one can refute the feeling. "Since you refuse to admit it, the deity has to do it directly."

Mo Han was too confused to speak, the whole person did not know whether it was painful, or angry, and all of them were shaking: "You can't do it to me! I am Ling Tian's younger brother, you can't kill me!"

At this time, I knew that it was close to Ling Tian, ​​but it was already late.

Su Shi’s heart sneered, but he was about to start, but Ling Tian grabbed his wrist. Su Shi looked at his lover with amazement. “Isn’t Ling Tian Mo’s heart for this life?”

Mo Han wrote with fear and helpless eyes and immediately fixed on Ling Tian, ​​eager to hear a positive answer from the other party's mouth: "Brother, I really do not harm you, you must believe me!"

But Ling Tian shook his head without hesitation: "I just don't want Master to dirty my hands. After all, this is a private matter between the disciple and this person."

Su Shi covered the back of Ling Tian's hand with the other hand and smiled and said: "What silly words are you talking about? As your master, I should naturally protect you. Isn't this supposed to be?"

Ling Tian looked at Su Shi seriously, and his heart suddenly jumped wildly. He only felt warm and swollen. He opened his mouth and for a moment he did not know what to say.

Su Shi slowly took Ling Tian’s hand away from his wrist, and the voice calmly said: “In other words, the teacher did not intend to take the life of this person directly. Although this can be done in one hundred, but the teacher is more willing to let He first tasted the taste of losing his cultivation and destroying Dantian."

Sometimes, let a person live, just to make him better abused, nothing more.

When Ling Tian heard this, his eyes flashed slightly, but he did not stop Su Shi: "The disciple understands."

However, Mo Han suddenly lost the only hope, his face was grayed down, and he shook his head in horror: "Don't! You can't ruin my cultivation! This is not what I did, you guys." How can I... ah ah!"

The third time, his words had not been finished, and he was replaced by a miserable mourning, but the mourning did not continue, because Su Shi sealed his voice, and then He began to slowly and steadily return the things that this person had done to his lover.

First, all his repairs were scattered, and then one by one slowly interrupted all his veins, one did not stay, and finally, Su Shi's palm crushed the cold Dan Tian, ​​the action was crisp and neat.

Of course, after doing all this again, Su Shi did not forget to send some spiritual power to Mo Han, saving him from dying too fast.

Then Su Shi slowly took back his hand and turned to Ling Tian: "Are you satisfied with the disposal of the teacher?"

Ling Tian was simply swayed by his master's arrogance for his own enthusiasm, and his eyes were bright and scary: "Thank you Master, the disciples are very satisfied."

"It's so good." Su Shi also felt that her performance was absolutely absolute, which is very commendable.

At this time, Mo Han has been tossed and unconscious, and he can’t speak at all. Otherwise, he might be mad at the conversation between the two people and get up directly, but he obviously has no such opportunity. Because he was quickly thrown out of the demon cave house, he could only kill himself.

After solving this uninvited guest, Ling Tian apologized and asked: "Is it a disciple who disturbed Master's retreat?"

"Not so. It was the teacher who was coming to see you, and then just saw it." Su Shi shook her head, but did not explain why she chose to appear at this time, but raised another question, "said Although the only minor in the past is not true, but he may not be known to your younger brother."

Upon hearing this, Ling Tian’s thoughts were pulled over, and there was some panic in his eyes: “If the disciples did worship the teacher before, did the Master not want me?”

"Did you forget to say what the teacher said before?" The lover is so worried that he will be abandoned by himself. Su Shi’s heart is proud and distressed. "Whether you forget it, say it again for the teacher, no matter what you used to be." Identity, what have you done, you will not want to be a teacher, can you remember?"

Ling Tian’s eyes slowly lighted up: “The disciples remembered.” And they will never forget.

"The reason why the teacher mentioned this matter is just to tell you that if you want to find your own memory, go back to the Taoist world, and the teacher will not stop you. After all..." Su Shi’s pretense is generous, but not words. After that, it was interrupted by Ling Tian.

"I won't go back!" Ling Tian looked at Su Shi seriously, and his tone was firm and stubborn. "No matter what identity the disciple used to be, he is now only the apprentice of Master, so the disciple will never go back."

This answer made Su Shi very satisfied, but he only smiled on the surface with a faint smile: "Whether, even if it is for the teacher, there is not much to say."

The two chatted a few more words, and they went back to the demon cave to rest.

In fact, Su Shi’s original intention was to take Ling Tian’s journey to the Taoist world with the arrival of Mo Han, and take the opportunity to create a new memory loss for the lover, so that I’ve forgotten the world, but I remember you alone.

But since the lover did not want to go to the martial arts, he had to dismiss the idea for the time being.

It’s just that the items have been redeemed, but they have been delayed. It feels a little regrettable.

After a few more days, Su Shi did not move any bad thoughts except for the daily shackles. However, at this time, the demon confidant suddenly gave birth to a small change.

The two little sorcerers who served Ling Tian on weekdays even shot a lot because of a little friction, and one of them was directly killed by another.

The incident happened very embarrassingly, but it seems to have cause and effect. It seems to be just an accident, but Su Shi therefore thinks about something.

Therefore, after Su Shi handed over the matter to Ling Tian, ​​he directly went back to his demon hole and talked with the ball: "In the original plot, how did the tiger demon appear in the demon cave?"

"The story of this paragraph in the original plot is not detailed, just a sum, but it is also a bit of a thing in the demon cave, it will replace the little demon boy who served." The ball answered the original story and answered .

Su Shi slightly narrowed her eyes and slowly smirked her lips. "No matter who is behind the scenes, it will reveal the fox tail. I am very curious about what it is and what it is."

After listening to the host's own force, the ball actually wants to vomit, and the fox's own host will describe the enemy like this. Is this a new way of self-deprecating?

But think about the ferocity of the host, the ball is still closed.

On the second day after the accident, Demon Zundong had two new demon boys, and they were arranged to serve with Ling Tian. Su Shi did not particularly pay attention to these two little demon children. On the body, just let the ball pay more attention.

Su Shiben thought that these two little demon children would at least wait to familiarize themselves with the situation of the demon-shoudong government. Who knows that on the fifth day of their entry into the demon-dwelling house, there will be movement.

This evening, Su Shi was lying on the jade platform and was just about to rest. He suddenly heard the big ball yelling: "Susu and Suspension... Hosting adults! What are they doing to the man!"





 Su Shi was scared of the spirit of the moment, he condensed a illusion, and when he saw the scene in the mirror, Su Shi’s face was dark, and he saw that on the side of the sleeping Ling Tian, ​​the two little 妖儿What is smeared on Ling Tian's hand.

Although he just touched it, Su Shi still felt unacceptable. What is his qualifications for his lover and other people to touch?

At the moment, Su Shi’s palm was gripped, and the spirits moved, directly grabbing the two busy little demon boys.

The two little sorcerers are busy with their heads. Who knows that there is a dizziness, and they have already appeared in the demon's demon hole from Lingtian's demon hole. The faces of the two demons are instantly full of arrogance.

What happened just now? Are they not dreaming?

"What are you doing?" Su Shi asked in a cold voice.

The two little enchantresses came back in an instant, and the look was a tight one: "Back to the demon, we just... just waiting for Ling Tianzi to rest."

Wen Yan, Su Shi’s face suddenly became darker. He directly used the spiritual power to hold the necks of the two little demon children: “The deity does not like to hear lies, you have a last chance, if you don’t grasp it, you I don't mind re-changing Lingtian for two demon boys."

The two little sorcerers face each other, they are a little bit hesitant, they don't want to die, but if they really tell the truth, they probably can't live without it?

"Oh, don't misunderstand, the deity does not mean to take your life directly, but intends to keep you slowly tortured, so that you can't live like death." Su Shi picked up his eyebrows and added an understatement.

The two little sorcerers were scared and shivered in an instant, and then they dared not hesitate, crying and begging for mercy: "Let the demon be forgiven, we will never dare."

"So what exactly are you doing?" Su Shi asked again.

This time, the little Demon Boy no longer dared to hide it, and honestly confessed: "We don't know what it is, but there was a very powerful demon repair that gave us the same thing, saying that it is as long as it goes to Ling Tianzi." Apply once, and after one month, give each of us a marrow wash, so that we can also practice."

In the demon world, turning into human form is only the starting point of cultivation. Although many demons can be transformed, they can't get through the meridians, and they can't be condensed into the necessary demon, and the marrow can solve this problem.

Therefore, even in the demon world, washing the marrow is also a very popular and extremely precious remedy.

The rules of the demon world are very different from those of the Taoist circles. There are many martial arts in the Taoist circles. The recruited disciples must also look at their qualifications, but the practitioners in the demon world are independent. Strength, it is not too much to say that it is a weak meat, so they are naturally more willing to accept the demon that can not be cultivated but can be transformed into a demon boy, in order to prevent the other party from moving what should not be.

"Who is the demon who makes you do this kind of thing?" Su Shi slowly narrowed his eyes, and his thoughts began to flip.

The two little demon children shook their heads: "When he found us, he took Yi Xing Dan, and we don't know the true appearance and identity of the other party."

This made Su Shi could not help but sneer: "You don't even know who the other person is, you can easily believe it? It's stupid!"

"We didn't believe it, but he was very high. If we didn't agree, he would kill us. We are also..." In the demon world, they were threatened and forced to compromise. Not uncommon.

Taking advantage of the helpless look of these two little demons, Su Shi unrelentingly exposed them: "If you are just afraid of losing your life, why don't you tell the deity directly? In the final analysis, you are still thinking about it. That wash the marrow Dan?"

The two little demon children bowed their heads and stopped talking, apparently being said to have real thoughts.

"What did he give you? Go back and get it." Su Shi took a wide sleeve, and since it was going to be used for a whole month, obviously there is still a lot of surplus.

Since his own behavior has already been exposed, the two little demon children naturally dare not move other thoughts, and quickly go to take things back, pleading for mercy in front of Su Shi: "The demon is forgiving, we did not dare to do it in the past few days, but also today. It only started to act, so this thing should have no effect on Ling Tian’s body.”

His own mind has been seen, and the two little demon can only sin for himself from this aspect.

Su Shi did not rush to open his mouth, but took the thing in the jade bottle and carefully licked it, and then said: "You should go back to your own demon hole, and today's things must not be mentioned with any demon. Can you understand?"

The two little demons should be busy, and they will retreat.

When they left, Su Shi directly threw the jade bottle to the ball: "Look at what it is."

The reason why Su Shi did not deal directly with these two demons is obviously not intended to forgive them generously. He just wants to verify his own guess first.

The ball took over the jade bottle and drums for a while, and once again exclaimed: "This is this... this turned out to be the soul of the soul!"

"What is the soul of the soul?" Su Shi frowned, the name, it is not a good thing to hear.

"You don't know what the host is. In the world of magic, there is a very evil technique called Dement. Its function is to directly control one's mind and let it be used for himself." The ball is serious. Open your own science class, "This method sounds terrible, but it is not as sinister as the outside world, because no matter who you use, if you want to use this technique, you must cooperate with the use of the soul. ""

When I heard this, Su Shi’s eyes flashed a little, so it was said that some people wanted to use this kind of tricky thing on their loved ones.

"And the soul of the soul is actually a kind of aura-like existence, which can be absorbed by the practitioners. But its effect is just the opposite of the aura. After being inhaled by the practitioner, it will accumulate for a long time, and it is very likely to delay the cultivation of the practitioner. If someone deliberately urges them, it will also make the practitioners stagnate, unconscious, and even ruined. "The small science class of the ball is still proceeding in an orderly manner," and only at this time, when cooperating with the soul When the technique is used together, it is possible to achieve the purpose of controlling the mind of the person. But it is only possible, and it is not certain that the purpose can be achieved, so this technique is indeed not as terrible as the rumor."

"It turns out." Su Shi blinked openly, and some people dared to call his mind to Ling Tian. No matter who the other party is, he would personally teach the person a truth, and he would die and bear the consequences.

After the end of the science, the ball instantly recovered from the previous yelling: "So someone wants to use the dementia for the man, this is terrible! Although the success rate of this method is not high, once Success, it is a devastating blow to the male lord! And in the original plot, I didn’t mention this thing. Is it that the hostage of your hostage was too high-profile, so it will be brought to the male master. Come to this innocent disaster?"

"Shut up!" Su Shi reluctantly squinted at the sphere where the IQ was still not online. When he saw the other person being honest and quiet, he asked, "Why do you think this is caused by me? Maybe this is in the original plot. Has it happened?"

"But the original story did not mention this at all." The ball slammed back a bit.

Su Shi couldn't help but turn a blind eye to the ball: "I didn't mention it in the original plot. It didn't necessarily happen. Have you not realized that you are not reliable in this aspect?" ”

The ball feels like it has once again been despised by its own host, but it feels a bit speechless: "So, is this thing actually happening in the original story?"

"You forgot the question I asked you before? The tiger demon appeared in the original plot, but at that time he became the demon boy around Ling Tian. Didn't you find this problem?" I have no hope for the IQ of the ball. Is it so simple?

The ball flashed and thought for a while, and finally realized the truth: "I know! In the original plot, it must be that the tiger demon has deliberately abolished his cultivation in order to approach the man, otherwise he would not be able to use the demon boy. The identity enters the demon-shoudong house, so he is behind the scenes, right? For the reason, he must have become the apprentice of the man, so he will start with the man, yes, it must be like this!"

"..." Su Shi couldn't help but support. "The ball, our brain circuit is not in a dimension, maybe we don't need any communication at all."

As an advanced intelligent system, it has already opened the brain of "devil repair to become a demon child and self-destruction", but I can't think that the other party may not have qualifications for cultivation in the original plot, but this world has become a reason for some reason. The demon is doing this more reasonable logic, so what else can he say?

The ball swayed innocently, and some guilty: "Is there something wrong with me? The demon who can become a practitioner can't be a demon boy."

"There is not something wrong, but your thinking is completely opposite to normal people." Su Shi looked at the ball with a smile and felt that he had been defeated by the other side's magical brain circuit. He did not want to take the other side. The IQ has risen to a level that is not too different from oneself. After all, although he can improve the IQ of the protagonist, there is no way to save a system with the protagonist with the IQ, isn't it?

The ball is more guilty, but it still doesn't know what the problem is. QAQ

Su Shi sighed and said his analysis directly: "The identity of the tiger demon in the original plot is equivalent to the two little foxes in the present, and the things to do should be the same, but in the reality of the plot, The reason why the tiger demon has been cultivated is that the person behind the scenes has other plans, but the tiger demon has been directly abolished by the practice in the apprenticeship and became a piece of waste. After that, this appeared. The two little demons made the same move as the tiger demon in the original plot."

"It turned out to be like this!" The ball finally realized it suddenly, but it soon had new doubts. "But who is behind the scenes? In the original plot, the only one who can’t go with the man, should also Is it cold? But he has just been abandoned by the host, you should not be able to do this kind of thing?"

Su Shi took a look at the ball with a look of mental retardation: "The purpose of the other party is not on the man, but on me."

"Ah?" The ball was awkwardly stunned. "But the object they started with is obviously the man, and you are a demon, you have no status, and why the other party is going to start with you." What?"

"I can't guess the true purpose of the people behind the scenes, but if Ling Tian really got the spirit of the soul in the original plot," Su Shi said, here, Su Shi slightly narrowed his eyes, the sound was fun, "So he lost his memory." The number of times may not be twice, but only once."





 When Ling Tian woke up from the bed on the second day, he keenly found that the two little sorcerers around him seemed to be somewhat different from the past, and they always bowed their heads on the side of the demon hole door. I don't do any work.

"What happened to you?" Ling Tian frowned.

The two little sorcerers looked at each other and whispered: "The demon had previously told me that it would not let us be too close to Ling Tiangong."

Ling Tian's gaze flashed slightly, and the corner of his mouth faintly evoked a curve: "The demon sacred thing, naturally listen to Master."

After all, Ling Tian lifted his foot and walked out of the demon hole. In the past, he went to find his own master. Who knows that when he first saw someone, he listened to Master’s tone and said quietly: "Ling Tian, ​​you are just right, for the teacher to have something to say. you."

"Master please talk." Ling Tian looked at Su Shi seriously.

"For the teacher to retreat for two months, during this time, the affairs of the demon Zun Dongfu will be handed over to you." Su Shi simply explained.

The reason why I chose to close for two months instead of one month is because the other party may not be able to use Ling Tian for a month after the smooth use of the soul. After all, the person behind the scenes is very cautious. The people who have set up more than one strategy so far have never been exposed.

Su Shi’s existence is the biggest threat to the person’s plan. If he stays with Ling Tian, ​​it will inevitably affect the other’s plan. Although it is not boring to continue to kiss the dear, it is more boring. At this point, Su Shi is obviously more willing to take this person out as soon as possible, and then launch the "amnesia" plan.

When I think of the cute look of my lover in my arms, Su Shi can't help but sway.

However, Ling Tian’s gaze was dimmed at once. Although it is known that as a practitioner, retreat is a common practice, but Ling Tian still does not want to see his master for so long, but he has no position to oppose this. But it can only be said: "The disciple knows."

"Two months will soon go." Su Shi smiled and appease his lover. In fact, he felt very sorry in his heart. He couldn't be stunned at all times. Life suddenly became boring.

But as he said, in the world of Xian Xia, the two months is really just a matter of a moment, this is not, Su Shi just peeked into the beautiful picture of the lover's bath, turned around and asked, actually It has been more than a month.

"It has been so long," Su said, still licking his lips, and lazily stretched out. "I have been so long, have you not caught the suspicious person?"

The ball is completely afraid to look at the expression of its own host, the fox attribute + full color expression + half exposed clavicle posture, as a pure and honest system, how can it let this picture invade its white and innocent memory!

"Well, no suspicious people have been found yet. I guess the other party may still be in the observation period. If you want to implement the action, you must choose an absolutely sure time." The ball replied left and right, and the eyes moved several times. Near Su Shi, they all forcibly turned away. "If the host is in a hurry, do we want to let him go to attract him?"

Su Shi thought for a moment, but there is no need to say: "No, if the other party is really stupid, I am afraid I have already come; if he is a fine, now the news will only increase his doubts."

"Well, then I will continue to stare." The ball is well-behaved.

After two days, the monitoring of the little angel ball finally came to report: "The host is an adult, some people appear, he is now near the demon cave, and should come in later!"

Su Shi, who is observing her lover's sleep, has a slight flash: "Take him here, don't let him disturb Ling Tian's rest."

When the lover is sleeping, he has a smile on his lips. Maybe he dreams of him. Such a beautiful dream cannot be easily destroyed.

After a quarter of an hour, a black shadow swept from the outside into the demon's demon hole. After entering the demon hole, the man directly shrank to the shadow in the corner, waiting for his gaze. When I swept and fell on Su Shi, I realized that I was in the wrong place.

This person's reaction is also very fast, and now it is necessary to plunder outside the demon hole, but how could Su Shi give him this opportunity, directly dragging people to the front, and using the spiritual power to seal the door, save trouble After the move, I woke up Ling Tian.

The man still did not give up, but he had to struggle, but he was quickly suppressed again by Su Shi. This time he could not do it with a single finger.

"When I waited for more than a month, you finally appeared," Su Shi looked down and looked down at the black man who had fallen on the ground and obviously used Yi Xingdan. He whispered in a low voice. "I don't want to tell me who you are? Come here. Is there any purpose?"

The eyes of the black man turned a turn, and suddenly he shouted out loudly: "The demon is forgiving! The small is also hearing that there are many treasures in the demon cave house. This is a moment of fascination, staying up late and asking for the demon to spare!"

Su Shi frowned, and directly hit a spiritual force to break up the effect of the easy-to-shape Dan on the black man. The plain face was turned into a handsome but with a deep and gloomy breath. The face, Su Shi raised his eyebrows: "You are... magic repair?"

The gas field on this person's body is very dark, but it is quite similar to those of the practitioners in the magical world.

"How can a small person be a magic repair?" The black man lowered his head and his voice was slightly eager. "The little is just a little demon repair. The little one knows that he is hard and demon." It is really big. Wrong and wrong, only ask the demon to stay a small life."

Su Shi does not like this kind of person who is acting in front of himself. The voice is cold and spit out a few words: "Rescuing the soul, January, Tiger demon, remember?"

A few words, but the black man's look changed dramatically. If he didn't know that he would appear here at this time, it was a trick of the demon statue, then he was really a fool.

But he thought that all of this was done without knowing it. Whether it was the previous tiger demon or the demolition of this time, he never showed up, even if he took the tiger demon at the time, he was Also arranged, so how does the demon know all this? !

"If people are stupid, they don't have to think about it any more," Su Shi saw the black man's thoughtful thoughts and ruthlessly attacked the Tao. "What you have to do now is to explain your identity and purpose, otherwise I will not Mind to help you."

Seeing that his own actions have been exposed, the black man bites his teeth and actually admitted it directly: "Since the demon statue has been discovered, then I have nothing to argue with. I am a mortal who is unknown. The favor, even become your disciple, so this will happen."

After all, the black man stalked his neck and looked at Su Shi. A pair of "I just think so, if you kill me, I will still think so."

If Su Shi does not know the development in the original plot, he may really consider the words of this person. After all, this person’s acting is really good, but at this time Su Shi only listened to an interesting joke: “You are sure there is no other What are you talking about?"

"I have already answered the question of the demon statue. If I want to say anything more, I will only ask the demon to drive the mortal out of the demon cave house. The mortal is not worthy of being a disciple of your demon!" The black man said it was powerful. A pair is telling the truth.

Su Shi chuckled a little, but the next moment, it was a direct and clean way to abolish the cultivation of the black man, just like the previous treatment of the tiger demon, but the reaction of the black man is different from the tiger demon, the whole process Even though the sound didn't even come out, I gnawed my teeth: "I broke into the demon cave house late at night, and it was also abolished to be repaired. Thank you for the devil's grace!"

In this way, it is necessary to have looks and looks, to perform acting with acting skills, to have IQs with IQ, but to those who are not thoughtful. Su Shi feels very unsightly. He immediately removed his eyes: "If you take the deity, you just want to abolish you. It’s too naive to cultivate, and there are a hundred ways for the deity to make you die.”

The black man hangs down his throat and does not speak, but his face flashes a touch of fear.

"But before this, the deity asks you again, what is your purpose? Who is behind you?" Su Shi looked indifferently on the jade platform, staring at the black man with cold eyes.

The black man took some incomprehensibility and looked at Su Shi. The acting and IQ were completely online: "What is the meaning of the demon statue? I have not said that I am doing this. Is it true that the demon does not believe it? Respecting me like this, I really don't know how to defend it. I am just a little demon. I don't know each other before the mortal. I am afraid I have never seen each other before. For this reason, why should I harm him?"

"Because the person you ultimately want is me, not him." Su Shi coldly exposed the scheme of the black man.

Even so, the black man's look did not change at all. Instead, he looked at Su Shi with an incredible look: "What are you talking about? Are you a high-ranking demon, even if I borrow ten courage, I also I don’t dare to give birth to such an idea!"

It seems that using a mouth directly, it is impossible for the other party to tell the truth. Su Shi caressed the sleeves of the robes and no longer spoke, but directly raised his hand.

There is a benefit to using spiritual power to afflict people. You don't have to worry about where to start, because the spiritual power is very mysterious. Whether it is the bones and veins, or the internal organs, you can drill in without any effort.

Such pain is extremely painful for a demon who has lost his ability to repair and has no precautionary ability. It is almost a life that is not as good as death, but even if the black man is so miserable, he still does not say a truth. .

For this kind of appearance, there are appearances, acting skills, acting IQ, IQ, and endurance, but people who are uncomfortable, Su Shi directly crushed his demon.

But the demon is different from the person, even if there is no demon, it is just being completely returned to the original shape, and it will not really hurt the life. Just as Su Shi is going to put this person together, it will be turned into a prototype, the dying leopard. Suddenly a grayish black smoke rose.

The ball suddenly yelled: "My Scorpio, this demon turned out to be in the spirit of the demon!"





 After hearing this, Su Shi’s gaze flashed, and then he smiled profoundly: “It turned out that this demon was not a superb act, but a demento, but even I was deceived.”

Hosting adults, are you catching the wrong focus? The ball rarely walked at the forefront of thinking about the problem and asked: "If this leopard is only controlled by people, then he can't be the master behind the scenes. What should we do now?"

"What to do? Naturally, this dead leopard is directly thrown out," Su Shi said with a bit of disgust. "I really don't like this technique. Or do we directly destroy the whole magical world?" ”

This can scare the ball, according to the urine of the host's past, it is really possible to do this kind of thing, it quickly said: "Not everyone in the magical world will practice this method. Ah, the technique of demention requires a lot of spiritual power for each application. Even the applicator himself has the danger of being enchanted or even being eclipsed. It is a very dangerous technique, so even in the magical world. There are not many magic repairs that will practice these techniques."

"There is some truth to what you said, but I always want to catch the person who wants to start with Ling Tian." Speaking of this, Su Shi’s sly flashed a strong suffocation and moved the other. Ten times more, the person who loves him is a hundred times and thousands of times is not enough to return.

In this case, the ball is no longer opposed, but it is somewhat difficult: "But now we don't even know what the identity of the master is behind. The enemy is dark, we are clear, we always feel that we are at a disadvantage."

Although the ball is a small expert in tracking and monitoring, it is also on the premise that the target is clear. If the person who wants to track is not clear, it is not good to display his skills.

"Is there a similar demon-like existence in the magical world?" Su Shi asked after a moment of silence.

The ball replied honestly: "It is the demon lord. In fact, many rules of the cultivating world are very similar to the demon cultivating world. It is only a lot of cultivation methods, and it is alien, so they do not come and go."

"Is it possible that this is what the devil is doing?" Su Shi slightly narrowed his eyes and his voice was low.

The ball stunned for a moment, and it was a joke to be unable to hear the host. I was serious because it couldn’t keep up with the jumping thinking of my own host.

"In the original plot, why did the man not directly let him go to the original initiative after he applied the soul to Ling Tian, ​​but instead created the second illusion of 'amnesia' for Ling Tian, ​​and then borrowed Ling The hand of the sky killed the original master?" Su Shi’s fingers were on the jade platform, and there was no place to speak. The speed of speech became much slower.

The ball seriously thought about it, and suddenly the flash of light flashed: "Don't the person behind the scenes be as bored as the host, and especially prank?"

Su Shi’s forehead moment hangs countless black lines, and he glances at the ball with no expression, without any tone: “Oh.”

The ball was stunned and the whole ball was not good. It was only for the period of Ai Ai: "Why is that?"

Su Shi went straight to go out. She was completely uninterested and said more than a word. He now only wants the hand-blade system. It is the same as the male IQ, but it is doomed to be incurable.

The ball also knows that the words he has just hurt his own host, do not dare to directly follow up, can only remedy the loss of the dead leopard.

After Su Shi left his demon hole, he went directly to Ling Tian. The leopard's fine thing was somewhat unexpected. But this does not mean that he would be helpless.

On the contrary, this incident has given him a more complete inference, and this inference can basically complement the missing part of the original plot.

Ling Tian, ​​who is the chief disciple of Qitianmen in the Taoist world, actually killed the original owner who was the demon of the demon, and the place where this happened was in the Taoist world. This is obviously not a simple personal grievance. Between the Taoist and the demon world, it is obvious who will take advantage of the benefits of the fishermen.

Although the story of the original drama has almost never been mentioned in the magical world, it does not mean that the magical world will not affect the direction of the original plot. Perhaps in the corner that everyone has not noticed, there has always been a pair of eyes watching silently. All this, even guiding it all.

Although Su Shi doesn't like the Taoist generations in the Taoist world, it is obviously more annoying to be the presence of a lover in the magical world, so between the Taoist and the magical world, Su Shi does not Hesitantly chose the former.

This is Su Shi, who wants to rob the lover from the Taoist world, and temporarily changed his mind. He decided to take the lover back from the Taoist circles in a high-profile manner.

Sitting next to the sleeping lover, Su Shi sighed and took out the previously redeemed props. He whispered: "The short parting is just to allow us to better double repair together, so don't blame For the teacher."

After all, Su Shi directly used the props [modifying the body memory medicine in the short term] on the lover's body, so he did not notice that Ling Tian's fingers trembled a few times when he spoke this sentence.

Suddenly, Su Shi, after successfully using the props, manually set the way of memory modification and the aging of the props.

Since you want to play, you have to play well, Su Shi chin, directly set the longest time of the props, ten days.

At this time, Su Shi did not understand a truth. Sometimes, he played too much and lost himself.

After setting all the things set up, Su Shi called the ball, and then directly sent it to the Taoist Temple near Tiantianmen with a whistle.

With Su Shi’s cultivation, it’s a piece of cake to send a person to Qitianmen without knowing it, because he soon appeared in the courtyard where Ling Tian once lived.

Because of Qi Tianmen’s chief disciple, Ling Tian not only owns his own courtyard, but also follows two disciples, but because these days he disappeared, the two disciples were arranged to go to the side.

After Su Shi put the lover on the couch, he turned around in the courtyard. His heart was very dissatisfied. It was still his own demon statue, which was more luxurious and comfortable. It was too shabby to let the lover live here.

Just after the visit, there was a slight footstep outside the courtyard. Su Shi rushed into the room and saw the lover's eyes, which left the Qitianmen in a hidden atmosphere.

In Qitianmen, Ling Tian’s courtyard, he soon walked into a disciple outside the door. He just came to clean the courtyard by example. Who knows that when he enters the house, he will see the person lying on the bed and walk close to one. Hey, it’s actually Ling Tian’s brother who has been missing for a few months. After the disciples were shocked, they immediately went to find the master of Ling Tian, ​​the head of Qi Tianmen’s boss.

As soon as he heard the news, Bo Yunzi immediately rushed over and immediately awakened the sleepy Lingtian with spiritual power.

Ling Tian woke up from a blank dream, and saw two people standing on the edge of the couch. He turned his head and looked at it, but he did not recognize who the two were. He could only ask with vigilance and sorrow: Where is this? My master?"

Bo Yunzi was waiting for Lingtian to wake up with great concern. He asked how he went where he was these days. How could he suddenly appear in his own hospital? Who knows that the other person’s mouth is like this, and the face of Bo Yunzi suddenly changes. Have to be dignified: "Ling Tian, ​​the deity is your master."

Ling Tianwen said that he was more vigilant. He slowly got up from the couch and his physical strength was secretly mobilized: "You are not my master, my master is the demon statue of the demon world!"

This is a powerful statement, but it is a faint stun of the thin cloud, and the disciples who have carefully taught themselves have said such a big rebellious statement, it is simply discouraged him!

However, Bo Yunzi also saw that Ling Tian’s state was wrong. He did not get angry at the moment. He just asked patiently: “Ling Tian, ​​where have you been in these months? What happened? What is the cold with you? What?"

At this time, Ling Tian was full of his own master, and he did not want to listen to this person. He went straight down from the couch and said with a firm attitude: "I don't know what you are saying, I am going to find me now. Master."

Obviously, he stood in front of him and spoke with him in a good language. The apprentice kept saying that he was going to find his own master. At this time, Bo Yunzi’s heart did not mention more depression.

"Lingtian, you don't want to be noisy again! The deity is your master. You are the chief disciple of Qitianmen in the Taoist world, but you have to recognize the demon statue of the demon world as a teacher. So what kind of system!" If you can't hold your temper, even if it's a noisy, there should be a limit. "If you are so gibberish, the deity will punish you."

Ling Tian can understand the literal meaning of these words, but he is very puzzled why this person wants to claim to be his master, and also said that he is the chief disciple of Qi Tianmen in the Taoist world, how can he Is it Qitianmen? He is clearly the only apprentice of the demon sorcerer!

"I don't recognize you at all. I also ask you not to make such jokes." Ling Tian did not directly forcibly leave because he could not see the cultivation of this person in front of him, so he did not dare to act rashly. "If you are really The bright and upright people, please ask me to leave here, I will go back to my master."

The blue veins in front of Bo Yunzi burst out. If you don't see Ling Tian's fault, he probably couldn't help but clean up the portal: "You really don't recognize it as a teacher? Then you can remember Qi Tianmen?"

Ling Tian sneaked out: "My master is a demon master!"

The blue veins in front of Bo Yunzi burst out one after another. He felt that if he continued to talk with the big apprentice, he would be mad at the fire and simply wave his sleeves. He said: "If you are so unconscious, you should first meditate. Day, think about your identity and see you for a few days."

After all, Bo Yunzi turned and walked away. By the way, a set of methods was used to seal the courtyard. Although Ling Tian’s cultivation has not improved, it is not an opponent of Bo Yunzi, even though he is clamoring to leave, but still It is a last resort to be trapped here.

Su Shi listened to Ling Tian with a stunned voice and shouted "Master". A pair of fox eyes almost became a line. This feeling of being the only person remembered by a lover is really good. Su Shi is about to fly.

The ball was a bit chilly on the side, I wanted to say something, but I thought that I had just provoked my own host to be unhappy, I had to hold back, just hosted, you are so boring, so noisy, really not afraid of being Retribution?





 On the fifth day after he sent Ling Tian back to Qitianmen, Su Shi finally couldn’t help but stir up his heart and visited the door of Qi Tianmen’s head.

In the past few days, Bo Yunzi has accumulated a lot of anger for the big apprentices. At this time, I will see this uninvited, even the demon statues that have not been sent to Zhang Biantie, the one of the celestial bones. The face is almost directly distorted.

"The demon lord of the demon world has not appeared in the Qitianmen. If this matter is known to others, I don’t know what story to order." Even though the other party is the demon of the demon world, Bo Yunzi is also a little polite tone.

In front of outsiders, Su Shi naturally gave the high-cold shelf to his feet, and his face was cold and indifferent: "The deity is coming today, and I don't want to chat with you. The deity is from the disciple of the deity."

Su Shi did not speak well. This opening immediately smashed the anger of Bo Yunzi: "It’s a joke! Ling Tian is the chief disciple of Qi Tianmen, and when did you become the disciple of your demon statue? People are here!"

Su Shi’s time was not to pick things up. Although it was very interesting to see the people in front of the fairy stalks being blown by their own beards, it was still interesting, but it still smothered the bad taste of the heart and frowned slightly: "Ling Tian had actually really visited the division before?"

The temper of Bo Yunzi is not small, but he can become the head of Qitianmen. He is a natural and unusual person. Although he still wants to teach the rude demon, he has not missed him. The focus of the discourse, and then reminiscent of the words of Ling Tian in these days, Bo Yunzi could not help but frown and asked: "What is your intention?"

Su Shi looked around and saw: "Is you going to talk to the deity here?"

Su Shi was a mountain gate that entered the Qitianmen, and was stopped by Bo Yunzi. At this time, the two were standing near the mountain gate. It was not a good place to talk.

Bo Yunzi snorted aloud, but he could only put people in for the time being. After all, this person's cultivation is equivalent to himself. Before things fall, Bo Yunzi does not want to be an enemy of him.

After arriving at the hall of Qitianmen hospitality, Su Shi swept the next four times and once again raised the key figures: "Where is Ling Tian now? The deity wants to see him first."

I have long imagined that the lover will be a beautiful picture of Su Shi in his arms. Naturally, I don’t want to wait for a moment.

When he was angry, Bo Yunzi looked at Su Shi’s look carefully. Although he was still indifferent on his face, he was implicitly concerned in his tone. He couldn’t help but be more angry: “Demon dear or explain the words first!”

Su Shi did not insist, and Ling Tian fell into the demon-cultivation world and was saved by himself. After he was accepted as an apprentice, he briefly said it again. Later, he mentioned Mo Han: "The deity sees the person's heart is not correct, wants to Ling If the days are unfavorable, he will abandon his repairs and throw them out. You don't have to thank me for cleaning up the portal for Qitianmen. The deity is just handy."

Can you use such a serious indifference to say that these mad people are not paying for their lives, have to say that this is also a kind of skill, right?

"I have nothing to do with the heavens, but I don't care about the demon!" Even though the person who knows Mo Han is of good qualifications, it is also like the demon statue, some of the minds are not correct, but Su Shi’s move is still called Xiao Yunzi.

As the head of Qitianmen, if it is really worthy of the matter, it is inevitable that it is a theory, and even rise to the level of force. Bo Yunzi thinks about it and ends up saying nothing.

"That please, please teach the disciples in the door, and ask them not to do anything to hurt the same door." Su Shi continued to speak the words of the monks.

On the other hand, Bo Yunzi whispered his heart and soul, and scorned Su Shi unceremoniously, and decided to find the scene on another matter: "If the demon statue is true, the deity should really be thankful to the demon statue for the help of Ling Tian." Well, it’s just that Ling Tian is indeed the apprentice of the deity, and it will still be the case in the future.

Su Shi looked coldly at the face of Bo Yunzi, one word at a time: "The demon of the deity is still in Ling Tian's body. If there is no demon of the deity, Ling Tian may not be able to do more than one day. Please also know."

Bo Yunzi was blocked by Su Shi’s words, but his face was slightly ugly. Although he didn’t know much about the demon repair, he also knew how important it was to the demon in the demon repair. This person is willing to give his own demon. Ling Tian, ​​it really is that people do not know what to say.

But Bo Yunzi quickly put away such an idea manually, and by the way, he snorted, and in the end, this person is a bad person who robbed his apprentice, absolutely unforgivable!

Su Shi directly ignored the performance of Bo Yunzi, and the third time he said: "The deity has already told you everything, can you let the deity see Ling Tian?"

In the heart of Bo Yunzi, it is naturally reluctant, but the other party is Ling Tian’s savior and control of Ling Tian’s life. Bo Yunzi has no choice but to nod his head: “This deity will bring Ling Tian. ”

"No, the deity personally looked at him." Su Shi waved his hand and stood up directly.

Bo Yunzi is slightly surprised by Su Shi’s actions. At the same time, this proves that this person is really very valued by his own apprentice. When he thinks of his own big apprentice, these few days of voices are all called the demon master, Bo Yunzi. The more my heart is not the taste: "The deity is just going to see Ling Tian."

The two highly respected leaders in the field of comprehension were so calm and shoulder-to-shoulder and went to Lingtian's courtyard, but soon the peace was broken.

Because the two just walked into the courtyard, they saw a white figure flashing over. Ling Tian shouted "Master" and rushed over to grab Su Shi's robe sleeves: "Master, you finally picked me up, my disciples are good. miss you!"

Looking at the white paper in front of him, but full of eyes is his own Ling Tian, ​​Su Shi smiled with satisfaction, he reached out and stunned in Ling Tian slightly messy hair, soft and spoiled: "Ling Tian Hey, I miss you a lot in the past few days."

This picture of the mentoring and seeing is actually harmonious and beautiful, but the mood of the true-named master, Xiao Yunzi, who is standing in the background, is not so beautiful. He looks at his own proud disciple and calls his other master, and makes a sly. The spoiled action of the other's robe sleeves, his heart almost collapsed.

I really want to clean up the portal, and by the way, the head of this demon world is destroyed!

After Ling Tian and Su Shi had been warm for a while, they finally realized the existence of Bo Yunzi, but his eyes did not apologize at all, but he was very vigilant. Not only that, but he also lowered his voice to Su Shi: "Master, this person is good. Strange, the disciple didn't recognize him at all. He had to say that his disciple was his apprentice, and he still insisted that his disciples would not let the disciples go to the master."

"..." Bunny scorpion, what did you say for the teacher? Be careful, I will hit you directly!

Su Shi’s gaze turned and gently said: “This is the head of Qi Tianmen’s thin cloud, he is not a bad person.”

Ling Tian looked at Bo Yunzi again, but his eyes were still vigilant and suspicious, and Bo Yunzi was almost fainted.

When the three people sat down in the courtyard of Lingtian, Bo Yunzi still had some unhealthy feelings. This kind of sour feeling has not been experienced for many years, and he is almost desperate for his life.

Because Ling Tian is now only trusted by Su Shi, he has to retell the previous events by Su Shi. After listening to Su Shi’s words, Ling Tian’s eyes are not convincing: “This person actually was My master?"

The shadows of Bo Yunzi are almost erected: "Not once! But always! No filial piety, you just want to be mad at the teacher!"

"But my master is obviously the demon of the demon world." Ling Tian still refused to accept this fact.

Bo Yunzi angered a table and directly smashed this jade table: "The deity is your master!"

Su Shi took a look at Bo Yunzi, and his heart laughed and said: "Ling Tian is now losing his memory. I don't remember these things are really common. Why are you angry?"

Bo Yunzi did not pay attention to the image and turned his eyes, so his apprentice did not remember himself, but also screamed at someone else's master, blame me for such a thing?

Ling Tian really didn't mean to be ruthless. He just didn't want to admit that he was not a Su Shi apprentice. This was a big blow to him.

Su Shi saw Ling Tian’s emotions and patted his back. He looked at Xiao Yunzi on the side: “The deity thinks that the most important thing now is to find out why Ling Tian’s continuous amnesia is twice, and how I will suddenly return to the Qitianmen from the demon cave house. What do you think?"

When he mentioned the business, Bo Yunzi’s look was immediately serious. Although he had not yet fully trusted Su Shi’s words, he at least believed in most of the following: “It’s true that the fact that the deity sent Ling Tian’s trip was not dangerous, it should not be It’s the right thing to do, and this second amnesia is even more ridiculous.”

Su Shi silent for a moment, took the initiative to say another thing: "Before Ling Tian suddenly lost the trace, some people once wanted to use the hand of the demon robes in the demon robes to give Ling Tianxia the soul to disperse this kind of thing."

After hearing this, Bo Yunzi’s look changed slightly: “How can this happen!”

"The deity found this matter after he discovered it, but he could not find out the behind-the-scenes ambassador. Therefore, it is not certain whether Ling Tian’s memory loss is related to this." Su Shi said with a blank expression, and his eyes also matched a little self. Responsibility, I am afraid that anyone who looks at it will not think that Ling Tian will lose his memory, that is what he did.

Ling Tian couldn’t help but calmly squeezed Su Shi’s hand and told him not to blame himself.

Bo Yunzi blinked at the hands of the two men who had been holding each other since they started. There was a feeling of grief that the old blood stuck in the throat. Why did he feel that the relationship between the two people was not quite right? ?

Su Shi also squeezed Ling Tian’s hand in turn, and then continued to be authentic: “The deity has a speculation, but it has not been confirmed yet. I wonder if you can listen to it?”

The mind of Bo Yunzi is almost crazy. He really wants to manually open the two claws, but seeing Su Shi’s face serious and serious, he has to endure for a while: “There is nothing to speculate about, but said No problem."

"The deity suspects that this is the devil's demon in the magical world." Su Shi bluntly said his own guess.





 The shadow of the thin cloud is slightly flashing, and the shelf of the head is said: "Oh? But I don't know what speculations come from?"

"My speculation is very simple. It is the truth that the fishermen fight for each other." Su Shi’s voice did not have any ups and downs.

The shadow of Bo Yunzi is slight, and the Three Realms have nothing to do for many years, but they have been undercurrent. As the head of Qitianmen, he naturally thought about this matter for a long time. Can not be determined.

"When listening to the demon, this deity has another speculation," Bo Yunzi licked his beard and squinted his eyes. "When you fight, the fisherman is profitable. If this profitable person is the demon respect you?"

If this matter is from beginning to end, it is a demon esteem, and then to form an alliance with the Taoist world, first destroy the magical world, and then turn around and destroy the Taoist world. Although this brain hole is a bit big, it is not necessarily impossible.

Su Shi heard his eyebrows and looked at Xiao Yunzi with the indifference of mentally retarded eyes. "Is it true that you will be able to use your own demon as a bargaining chip to calculate all this?"

Although the demon dan will not directly endanger his life, but in the demon cultivator, it is absolutely equal to life, so even in the demon world, there is only a demon repair that truly communicates with each other and completely trusts each other. Choose to exchange the demon with the other party, so that you can prove each other's minds, and can make the double repairs with half the effort.

Now Su Shi’s demon is in Ling Tian’s body. This is a huge hidden danger for Su Shi.

The reason why the former Bo Yunzi was so quick to dispel the suspicion of Su Shi, mainly because of this reason, a demon repair that can take his own demon to save the other person's life, watching it is not like a bad demon.

Moreover, there are indeed many hidden dangers in this way. Even if you are a person who is good at calculating, you may not dare to put your own cultivation into the calculation.

But even if I understand this truth, after receiving the expressionless contempt of Su Shi, Xiao Yunzi still has some unhealthy feelings. It is clear that the other party is using a very serious tone, but why is he feeling that he is blocked in one breath?

"Even so, before the incident is found out, the demon statue is nothing but an unfounded guess." Bo Yunzi snorted heavily.

Su Shi also cast a contemptuous look: "It seems that you are very cautious, but it seems that it is too weak. If you are so courageous, don't want to remove the trouble for Ling Tian, ​​please ask the Lord to bring Ling Tian went back to the demon to repair the world, and saved someone to hit his mind again, but no one would be willing to be his master."

When Su Shi’s words were just finished, Ling Tian said to the side: “Master, you can take me back to the demon world!”

Bo Yunzi was once again blown into his eyes with a sigh of anger, and screamed in a hurry: "Whoever says Ling Tian, ​​the deity will not be in control? The deity is only going to find out the matter first, and then make plans!"

"But I don't know how long it will take for you to find out the matter?" Su Shi did not have the conscious self-consciousness, but instead asked with a blank expression.

Ling Tian also used a very distrustful gaze to look at Bo Yunzi. The temperament of Bo Yunzi lost his sense of proportion and immediately returned: "In ten days, this deity will find out this matter!"

After ten days, the time limit of the props had already passed. At that time, Ling Tian could prove that he had said nothing before. Su Shi thought for a moment and promised: "That will give you ten days."

This is very confusing to the heart of Yunzi. He just investigated the matter for his apprentice. How did he become a demon-respecting demon to give himself ten days?

"Before finding out the truth, the demon statue is best to avoid suspicion, do not bother to disturb Ling Tian Jing Yang." Bo Yunzi anger, directly under the order.

However, although Su Shi is wearing a layer of high-cold coat, the skin is actually very thick: "That can only bother you to arrange accommodation for the deity, but the deity and Ling Tian mentoring are quite deep, and it is inevitable to have a weekday. Come and visit him, please forgive me."

The implication is that I originally planned to live directly with Ling Tian, ​​but since you said so, I have to give up one step, but I can only retreat this step. If you don’t let me see Ling God, that is impossible.

Ling Tian did not rely on it. He looked at Su Shi’s hand and frowned. “Why can’t Master live with me? He won’t harm me!”

I was always beaten by my own disciple to fight this kind of thing. I was so mad at the savage of the cloud. "You lose your memory now, you can't tell the difference. How do you know that this person is not counting you?"

"Master is so good to me, he will never harm me!" Ling Tian suddenly justified Su Shi.

Su Shi looked very comfortable at the side, but Bo Yunzi was quickly bombarded: "In short, you can't stay with him until this matter is clear!"

Ling Tian had to say something more, but he was applauded by Su Shi. He said: "He is also considering this arrangement for you. You have to object again."

Even Su Shi said this, Ling Tian always refused, and had to slowly loosen Su Shi’s hand: "If Master is empty, he must remember to come see me."

"This is nature." Su Shi smiled at Ling Tian, ​​and then left with the impetuous Bo Yunzi.

Walking on the side of Su Shi's thin cloud, the side of the heart is even more unpleasant. On the other hand, a strong uneasiness rises. Why does he feel that there is something wrong with the demon and his own apprentice?

So Su Shi will naturally enter Qitianmen, and there are still people to serve three meals a day. The only fly in the ointment is that when you go to love someone every day, there must be other people to follow, so that he can’t be addicted. Some regrets.

After three days of this, Su Shi took people to visit Ling Tian, ​​but this time Ling Tian did not happily meet up like the previous few days, but stayed alone in the house.

Su Shi picked up her eyebrows and didn't think much about it. She just lifted her foot into the house and saw Ling Tianzheng sitting in the inexplicable seat. Su Shi couldn't help but softly said: "What do you think of Ling Tian sitting here? ”

Ling Tian looked at Su Shi, but he immediately moved his eyes to the Qitianmen disciple behind Su Shi: "You go out, I have something to say to Master."

The disciples heard some hesitation, but they listened to Ling Tian’s slight frowning: “The master of the head has me to say that you are going back.”

Even though she lost her memory, the identity of Ling Tian’s chief disciple was still very powerful. The disciples who came over did not dare to hesitate and retired with respect and respect.

When Su Shi listened to Ling Tian’s words, he noticed that something was wrong. He asked quietly: “Is Ling Tian remembering the past?”

As he said, Su Shi pulled the ball again: "What is going on? Ling Tian seems to have recovered his memory, and the memory before the first amnesia is remembered."

The ball quickly checked the information, but it only gave a very unreasonable speculation: "I guess that the experience of the first memory loss of the man and the interaction of the props led to such a result, but this way It’s also very good, save the host and then think about helping the man to restore his memory.”

At the end of the day, the sound of the ball is already inaudible, because it is actually quite empty in the heart, and the props fail in advance, which is really a face.

Su Shi squinted at the ball that was not reliable at the crucial moment. Before he could reprimand it, he listened to Ling Tian and said: "How does Master stand so far? You sit down first, I will tell you slowly. Master."

Su Shi’s heart was inexplicably raised with an ominous premonition, but she thought that even if Ling Tian recovered his memory, it would not be unfavorable to himself. Then he walked away in a frank way and sat down on Ling Tian’s side: “Ling Tian wants to be Teacher...oh!"

Su Shi’s words just opened, and they were slammed by Ling Tian, ​​and they were directly pulled into his arms, or they were lying in a semi-lying position.

Su Shi blinked a little in an awkward way, and said inexplicably: "Ling Tian, ​​what are you doing?"

Although this position is very powerful, is it not too sudden?

Ling Tian looked down at Su Shi, one hand wrapped around his waist, and the other hand helped Su Shi to smash the broken hair in front of his forehead: "Master should not be very clear what the disciples are going to do? Or Master has forgotten What did you say?"

Ling Tian’s move at this time was very inconsistent with his previous personality. This made Su Shi faintly alert. He wanted to sit up from Ling Tian’s arms, but he was forced to hold down the waist. Su Shi couldn’t help but cold his face: "Ling Tian, ​​let the teacher get up first."

"So the disciples don't agree?" Ling Tian looked at Su Shi seriously, and a dark scorpion flashed a grievance. "Does the master have to push the disciples directly and get up and leave?"

Su Shi’s speed to Ling Tian’s face was secretly screaming, and she was reluctant to really push her lover. She only took the back of Ling Tian’s hand. The voice was as soft as possible: “Ling Tian, ​​if you have restored your previous memory, you can Tell the teacher directly that the teacher will not alienate you or leave you."

He feels that the reason why his lover suddenly becomes so strange is that he thinks that he has actually been a teacher before, so he is worried that he will directly drop him?

Ling Tian’s tone inexplicably asked: “No matter what happens, Master will not leave the disciple, right?”

"This is nature. Didn't you guarantee it to you before the teacher?" Su Shi gently nodded and tried to get up again. This time Ling Tian did not use any force, Su Shi also secretly sighed.

Only he just got up from Ling Tianhuai, and the other side suddenly took a hard shot to take his waist and took him to the bed.

Su Shi forced for a moment, when he came back to God, he was already under Lingyi, and Su Shiguang flashed, but his face was frowning: "Lingtian, what are you going to do?"

"Don't Master say that he wants to be repaired with his disciples?" Ling Tian's body slowly pressed down, and the warm breath sprayed on Su Shi's face. Then he slowly picked up his mouth and his eyes flashed. "Now the disciples have Ready."

Su Shi immediately opened his eyes and just wanted to say something. Ling Tian had already leaned down and kissed his lips cleanly and swallowed his voice.

The sun is just outside, but the room is already a room...





 After seven days, Bo Yunzi finally found some clues, and when he was ready to talk to Su Shi, he got the strange look of his disciple who was with Su Shi, and the words of the embarrassed: "The head, the demon statue from seven After I went to find a master brother a few days ago, I have never come out."

Bo Yunzi squinted for a moment, then raised his brow and said: "I have never been out?"

"It is precisely that the disciples are going to sue the matter, but these days, the head has been busy investigating things. The disciples are afraid of disturbing the head, they have not said." The main thing is that once something happens, even if you know He couldn't change anything. He made a self-proclaimed attempt to get rid of it. It was also a good deal for the master, so you must hold on to the head.

The face of Bo Yunzi sank and sank and went straight to the courtyard where Ling Tian lived. Who knows that he was blocked by an enchantment outside the court. This enchantment was built by Su Shi with spiritual power. It takes a lot of money to get rid of it. Kung Fu, there will be no small movements.

Just as the thin cloud is sullen, considering whether to wait first, or directly use force to solve the problem, a demon in the house has already noticed the arrival of Bo Yunzi.

Su Shi’s eyes are already red, and with thick water vapor, the voice is full of lazy charm from the bones: “Will you stop your master outside the door?”

Su Shi, who has been tossed for seven days and seven nights in a row, although there is no discomfort on the body, but it has been slightly increased, but it has been turned into a pool of water by the lover, and the background of the world of Xian Xia is different. Long-lasting combat power is simply scaring people.

And if today is the last day of the tenth day of the contract, Ling Tian may not be willing to stop.

Ling Tian’s one arm acted as Su Shi’s pillow, and the other hand slowly pressed against Su Shi’s waist. The look was full of lameness, and the spirit seemed to fly up as soon as possible.

When he heard Su Shi’s slightly hoarse voice, Ling Tian scraped over and stole a kiss at Su Shi’s lips: “What did Master think?”

Su Shi raised a look at Ling Tian. When he was in the double repair, Ling Tian was a master. The tone was quite different from his usual day. He was so **** and confused. Now Su Yi heard it. These two words have a subtle feeling of a tight chrysanthemum.

"I don't care about this, I'm going to clean up myself." Su Shi overslept, only with a white neck with a little red mark on the neck.

Ling Tian’s throat was rolled uncontrollably, and he smiled lowly: “It’s clear that Master said that he wants to double-education with his disciples. This is what the disciples agreed to. How did it become a curse for the disciples?”

When I thought of what I said at that time, I was heard by Ling Tian. Su Shi’s heart could not help but raise a guilty conscience. In fact, the reason why he allowed Ling Tian to do whatever he wanted for a few days was that he had no temper and was related to this. .

Otherwise, with his temper, it is definitely a little trick to add some fun.

But even if he killed himself and gave himself to the pit, he thought that he had been tossed by Ling Tian for so long, and Su Shi had inevitably moved some bad thoughts. He looked at Ling Tian and squinted. Slowly and casually said: "You are right, it is really my own calculations, but I have to give myself a pit, then we want to continue?"

Saying, from Su Shi, he slowly explored a furry white tail, and the big tail stalked Ling Tian's waist and slammed it twice.

Ling Tian’s eyes suddenly became deeper. His hand on Su’s waist immediately moved to the big tail, and his movements gently licked the white hair on his face. The lover was so active, he should naturally take a good look. The table is loyal, and the master is waiting outside the door. They obviously have no time to fight for seven days and seven nights.

Ling Tian was a pity, but also helpless, but also played with a big tail of Su Shi for a while, finally sighed, suppressed the desire of the heart, reached out behind Su Shi, the place where the tail came out I scratched: "Master is really bad."

The sensitive part was touched by this. Su Shi trembled and the water vapor in his eyes was thicker. He instantly took back his big tail and stared at Ling Tiandao: "You are the real big bad guy!"

This pair of arrogant and **** looks is to make Ling Tian more reluctant to leave, if the outside of the thin Yunzi has made some small movements, he may have to re-push.

One of the people in this room is flirting with love and affection. The thin Yunzi outside the hospital is already close to anger. I think that my big apprentice and the demon have never gone out for seven days and seven nights. Anti-human enchantment, and then think of the hands that the two have been holding together that day, Bo Yunzi can not wait to directly blow this courtyard.

The demon statue actually smashed the apostle under his own eyes, and this kind of thing happened in Qitianmen. This is simply deceiving too much!

Under the annoyance of Bo Yunzi, he was about to attack the enchantment, but he saw a white shadow flashing out of the house. In a moment, he came to the front and looked at it. The thin cloud was blown up, and he looked at his own apprentice. The satisfying appearance of the air is obviously bullied by the old monster of the demon!

However, Bo Yunzi still has a fire in the future. Ling Tian has already stepped down in front of him: "The disciple sees the master."

Hearing this, Bo Yunzi’s roar to his mouth suddenly caught, and he bowed, his face was indistinguishable: “Ling Tian, ​​have you recovered your memory?”

"Exactly, the disciples have already remembered the things of the past." Ling Tian looked up at Bo Yunzi, and his face was correct.

Bo Yunzi sighed and helped Ling Tian to help him. He could see the normal appearance of the big apprentice. Bo Yunzi was very happy, but he quickly remembered the fact that his big apprentice had been eaten by the old demon. The mood has once again become sorrowful, but this time Ling Tian still has no opportunity to give him a chance.

"Master, the disciples have something to say to Master. I don't know if I can go to Master's residence to talk about it in detail?" Ling Tian opened his mouth seriously.

Bo Yunzi snorted heavily: "Can we not say it to you?"

"Because the teacher...the demon respects that he is resting, the disciple does not want to disturb him." Ling Tian wanted to call Su Shi as the master, but he changed his mouth again.

In the first place, Ling Tian naturally wants to be the demon of Su Shi than the teacher and apprentice. The name "Master" is most suitable for use on the bed. At other times, he is more willing to call his name directly. The name he knows oneself; secondly, it is natural because he does not want to further annoy the thin clouds that seem to be unable to control the emotions.

Bo Yunzi’s gaze glanced at the yard, so it’s not that the demon lord bullied his own apprentice, but was bullied by his own apprentice?

Think of it this way, Bo Yunzi’s heart is finally better, but then he wakes himself up. This is what you want to do. I can’t talk about bullying or bullying, so in any case, my apprentice is demon. The old demon gave it a smash!

Ling Tian sees that the mood of Bo Yunzi is fluctuating. He is busy: "Master, disciples have important things to tell Master."

The thin Yunzi was screaming proudly, and took off his sleeves. Ling Tian took a look at the courtyard, and he left behind Bo Yunzi.

When the two of them sat down, Ling Tian looked at him seriously before, and he accidentally fell into the demon world, and was rescued by Su Shi, and was repeatedly mentioned by the other party as an apprentice. If there is no demon to save, the disciple may not have the chance to see Master again, and it is even more impossible to have the present cultivation."

Bo Yunzi also listened to the face of the blue, he only knows that Mo Hanxin is not correct, but he did not expect that he would actually do such a thing that ruined the same door, this is simply a beast!

Until the last sentence of Ling Tian was heard, the face of Bo Yunzi changed slightly: "The demon respects you with the help of life, so the great kindness is reconsidered, but you should not be with him..."

The words of Bo Yunzi didn't finish, but the meaning to be expressed was very clear. He didn't really hate Su Shi. He just thought that when he was in the memory of his own apprentice, he had such a relationship with him. There was always a feeling of deceiving, even some. The taste of Yan Enqiu is inside.

Ling Tian licked his lips and once again squatted in front of Bo Yunzi: "Master, the disciple is really pleasing to the demon, not to repay."

"But you just recovered your memory..." Bo Yunzi frowned.

"The disciple has recovered his memory before the 7th, so the disciple is with the demon, and after the disciple recovers his memory." Ling Tian explained it earnestly.

However, this is to make the blue veins in front of Bo Yunzi burst out in an instant, so the first thing that his own apprentice did after resuming his memory was not to tell himself about it, but to go with the demon statue first. !

Bo Yunzi never thought about it. "With the Taoist, forgetting the Master," this happened to the most appreciative big apprentice of the temper!

Ling Tian obviously also thought of this point. The current gaze flashed slightly, bowing his head and admitting his mistake: "The disciples were unable to help themselves at the moment. This is... I also ask Master to forgive."

Looking at Ling Tian respectful as the past, Bo Yunzi only wanted to drive this big apprentice out of Qitianmen. His expression tangled and stunned Ling Tian for a while, and he did not speak with a good spirit: "Your thing, for the teacher." You can't manage it, you still have to go to your demon!"

"The disciple is really wrong, but the disciple and the demon statue are really sympathetic, and will be married as a Taoist, and also ask Master to complete." Ling Tian pressed his head lower.

"Oh, even if the teacher promised you to become a Taoist, you must also look at the demon and disagree. Maybe he only wants a demon?" Bo Yunzi sighed coldly to express his dissatisfaction.

However, Ling Tian listened to this, but knew that although Bo Yunzi said that he was disgusted, he actually promised it. He smiled and said: "Thank you for Master!"

Bo Yunzi felt that he couldn't hold his face, so he didn't pick up the words. He just said, "Let's see when your good demon can rest well. As a demon in the demon world, you can't misunderstand for your children." Business."

Ling Tianwen’s smile on his face suddenly became stronger. When he stood up and said goodbye to Bo Yunzi, he went back to his courtyard.

Bo Yunzi looked at the back of his own apprentice, and his tone was sour and succinct: "Hey, I really have a Taoist, and I forgot Master."





 When Ling Tian returned to his courtyard, Su Shi was dressed neatly in the yard, but the ink was still casually scattered. It looked very lazy. Ling Tian glanced at his waist and his hand was inexplicable. Some itching: "Auntie, why don't you rest more?"

Listening to Ling Tian suddenly changed his name, Su Shi looked at him with an eyebrow, but did not say anything, just replied: "Your master is not anxious to see me? I do not know what he found in these few days. No."

Ling Tianyi thought that Master had been busy investigating for a few days, but he was addicted to being in a gentle township. He couldn’t help but be silent. He coughed two channels: "Master really has to talk to Auntie about this, but If Auntie is not fit, he can change another time."

If he was listened to by his own big apprentice by Bo Yunzi, I am afraid that he must be angry with his beard.

"However, after a few days of cultivation, how can I feel uncomfortable?" Su Shi smiled and smiled at Ling Tian, ​​and got up and walked outside the hospital.

In such a world context, such things can indeed be justified as cultivation.

Ling Tian's ear tip, which was stunned by Su Shi, suddenly became red, and the breath was somewhat disordered. He quickly stabilized his mind and kept up with Su Shi's footsteps.

After arriving at Bo Yunzi, Su Shi sat down in a frank manner, still with a high-cold appearance. One opening was: "Today is the tenth day. I don't know what you can find out?"

"Before talking about this matter, should the demon confessing to the deity what happened between you and the great apprentice of the deity?" Even though he has been forced to accept the sorrow of the singer, he is seeing Su Shi. After that, Bo Yunzi is still somewhat indignant.

I have cultivated the loved ones for so many years, and I was actually dragged away by this old monster!

Su Shi looked at Bo Yunzi unchanged, and his voice was indifferent: "The deity is already with Ling Tian. I think you should already know it?"

"Hey, the deity would rather not know about this!" Bo Yunzi snorted again, and I am afraid that he has used up the 50,000 years of arrogance in the next day.

Su Shi is directly saying: "Since you already know this, what do you need to be accounted for?"

"You!" Bo Yunzi was simply defeated by Su Shi's expressionless cheeky skills. He was a little angry and ruined. "Ling Tian is the apprentice of the deity!"

Su Shi picked up her eyebrows and said nothing. "So what you mean is that as a teacher, you can tell the apprentice's private affairs? So, the rules of the demon world are really different from the Taoist circles. Unconsciously, he accepted Ling Tian as a disciple, but never thought about interfering with his private affairs."

Su Shi’s words were blocked, and Bo Yun’s words were too speechless. Is this person really the legendary demon who is unspoken and demon? Why does he think this is a cheeky snake, or a very bad-hearted one!

Ling Tian sees Su Shi’s words in the form of Zhang Gao’s cold. He is helpless and smiles. “Master, Auntie is joking with you. You have not agreed with your disciples. What's the matter? Why do you talk about this?"

Seeing his eldest brother’s elbows turning outwards, he turned a particularly happy look. Bo Yunzi’s heart was more depressed, but he also knew that he really shouldn’t say anything more at this time. If it’s because of himself, let the apprentice just confirm. The love is running, then he is really guilty.

"Oh, your business, the deity is too lazy to worry about it!" After the last glory of Bo Yunzi, he pulled the subject back to the topic. "Previously, the deity has investigated the recent movements in the magical world. I have been staying in the Magic Palace and have never been to other places."

Speaking of this, Bo Yunzi paused for a moment, his eyes fell on Su Shi with his eyes, but Su Shi just listened with no expression, no matter the expression or the eyes: "So far, you are not Suspecting the deity?"

"Nature is not," Bo Yunzi removed his gaze and continued his voice seriously. "Although the devils have never left the magical world in these days, there are many demons who have cultivated into the Taoist and demon world. The most important thing is that the deity I once cleaned up the Qitianmen and found several disciples in the spirit of the soul. Although these people are only disciples who are not high, but the ambition of the magical world has been revealed. ”

"You can find this, but it does not call the deity too disappointing." Su Shi's reaction is still not big, just a touch of faint.

This made Xiao Yunzi want to be proud again, but he thought it would hold back: "It is only this matter that can prove that the magic repair world does have some action, but can't sit on the magic."

"Since I can't find clues now, then I will wait, the deity is not afraid of the great turmoil that the demon world will bring to the demon world. After all, the demon world has never been like the Taoist world, unless the deity is dead, Otherwise, I can't afford any winds and waves." Although Su Shi has no tone, but his attitude does not seem to matter. "As for the Taoist world, there are many sects here, and the mess is very messy. The deity does not say much."

This is a reminder to Bo Yunzi, although there are only a few outside disciples in the Tiantianmen, and the other martial art? Even though other sects are not able to rival the forces of Qitianmen, if there are too many sects, it will be a big blow to the Taoist world.

Bo Yunzi seriously thought about it, Shen Sheng said: "Thank you for the demon reminder, the deity will then investigate this matter."

"You don't have to thank the deity. The deity is just telling the truth. There are so many rules in the Taoist circles. It is really not easy to take care of it." Su Shi said this, and stood up directly. "You should have nothing else to say." The deity will go back with Ling Tianxian."

Ling Tian has also stood up and is ready to say goodbye to Bo Yunzi.

The more Xiaoyunzi saw the big apprentice so caring and deliberate, the more he felt depressed, and immediately frowned and drove both of them away.

After returning to his place of residence, Ling Tiancai asked Su Shi: "If the demon is really calculating the demon world and the Taoist world, how is the aunt?"

"I don't care if anyone is calculating the demon world, but since he dares to put his mind on you, I naturally have to give him back." Su Shi lay down on the jade platform and squinted slightly.

Ling Tian's heart jumped, smiled and got together to Su Shi, sniffing the fragrance of his hair: "Auntie is very kind to me."

Su Shi squinted at the corner of his mouth and was about to let Ling Tian help him to squat, but listened to Ling Tian and continued: "Can that aunt let me touch your tail again? Your tail is white and long. ,I like it very much."

Su Shi lifted the past, and she saw that Ling Tian’s eyes were dark and some green, and she was staring at her lower back. Su Shi’s eyes narrowed and smiled: “You really want to see me. Tail?"

"This is nature." Ling Tian took Su Shi's waist, his eyes still staring at his lower back, waiting for a furry foxtail that had slowly scratched out of his heart.

"That's okay." Su Shi promised it hard, and when Ling Tian had prepared the hand of the tail, and it was so irritated, a white fox suddenly appeared in his arms.

This is a nine-tailed fox that looks very noble. The sloppy eyes flashed a lot of bad taste. He licked the nine big tails that flew behind him. He said to Ling Tiandao: "I am afraid that you have a tail that is not enough. So, I decided to change back to the original shape. How about the nine tails to pick you up? How are I? Is it particularly good for you?"

Ling Tian looks strangely in the arms of the lover who has changed back to the original shape. It is a little bit of laughter and laughter. The lover suddenly becomes so boring, what can he do? He can only squint at the soft and shiny hair of his lover, and nod his head: "Well, Auntie is the best for me."

Probably being too comfortable by Ling Tian's hair, Su Shi actually fell asleep in his arms, and waited until the lover had fallen asleep, Ling Tian was so reluctant to put the lover on the collapse, and then turned around Going to find a thin cloud.

There was Su Shi in the past, and Ling Tian did not say to Bo Yunzi: "Master, if this matter is really related to the demon, how should Master deal with it?"

While taking a cup of tea, Bo Yunzi said with a serious look: "If there is turmoil in the Three Realms, there will be countless innocent people."

The implication is that if the Three Realms can't do it right, don't do it right, otherwise things will be too big to clean up.

Ling Tianwen said that he frowned: "But if the demon statue has a heart of the three realms, even if the master does not act, it must be the end of the riots in the three circles. Moreover, if he really has this heart, he should be disciplined."

"Ling Tian, ​​for the teacher to remember that your temper is the most calm, this is not like saying it from your mouth." Bo Yunzi put down the tea cup, and decided to look at Ling Tian.

Ling Tian is not afraid to look at it with Bo Yunzi: "Having experienced so much, the disciples are indeed different from the past. The way of Taoism should be clear and good, not because of good and evil, and love all beings. Tao, there is also a way in the devil. Similarly, there is evil in the Tao, evil in the demon, and evil in the devil."

Bo Yunzi couldn’t help but silence, and after a while, he sighed: "You may be right, and consider it carefully for the division."

"So, the disciple will retire first." Ling Tianhui retreats, but after walking out of the hall, he slowly took a breath.

The lover is willing to be an enemy of him and the demon, he will naturally not retreat, just think that he was almost in the past, the dementee will be unfavorable to the lover, Ling Tian will feel the fear for a while.





 In fact, since I began to suspect that all this is a conspiracy of the demon, Su Shi has been calling the ball to stare at the demon's every move, just to surprise him that this time, the demon has stayed in the demon palace. I am concentrating on cultivation, and I have nothing to do with the usual things.

It is because I know that my strategy has been revealed, so I dare not act rashly, or is there any other insider or conspiracy?

Su Shi did not understand the magic deity who had never appeared in the original plot. It was not easy to directly judge what the person was doing, but it was too unusual for it to be so quiet for so long.

Because of the weirdness of this matter, Su Shi, in addition to letting the ball stare at the demon, also called it to pay attention to the situation in Qitianmen, especially whether there were strangers coming in and out of Qitianmen.

This is just a precautionary measure, but I didn't expect it to be a flaw in a few days.

"Hosting adults, I found that the deputy head of Qitianmen was not quite right these days," the ball shared the news of the investigation with Su Shi. "This person's person should be a little less, more rigid. A well-behaved Taoist predecessor, but a few days ago he unexpectedly took a poorly qualified disciple, and it was unusual to bring him around to teach.

"Isn't the previous Xiaoyunzi already checked the whole Qitianmen? Is there anything different?" Su Shi asked an eyebrow. He had a cup of tea in his hand. It was the tea that had been sent from Lingtian, and the fragrance was pleasant. very.

The ball swayed: "No, I have checked it before. Both of them have not been shown to be controlled by the dementors. In addition to the collapse of the people in these days, there are no other serious injuries."

"Have his new apprentice appeared in the original plot?" Su Shiyou made a sip of tea and asked in a gentle tone.

"There is no result, it should have not appeared." The ball continued to sway.

"If they have other problems, they will always show their feet, and you will stare at it." Su Shi said here, he saw Ling Tian holding a small box and came in. Su Shi directly took a round of the ball, " You can disappear."

"..." The ball that was intended to be used for this purpose not only failed to achieve its goal, but was ruthlessly driven away by its own host. It was simply unsuccessful and could only fly out.

After Ling Tian came in, he handed the box in front of Su Shi with a smile on his face: "This is for the aunt, and the aunt is quick to like."

Su Shi lightly raised his brow, took the box and opened it, and saw that there was a vermilion fruit lying quietly inside. Su Shi pinched it carefully at the fingertips, but did not come up with a reason: "This is what?"

"Nature is a good thing. Auntie will know it when he tastes it." Ling Tian’s smile is not so much, but his eyes flashed a little green.

Su Shi suspiciously stunned Ling Tian, ​​the lover should not be playing a bad idea, right? Obviously, according to people, this kind of thing should let him do it right.

Ling Tian saw Su Shi see some hesitation, could not help but put on a look of aggrieved: "Auntie is doubting me? This thing is what I have tried to find, it is absolutely harmless to the body."

Su Shi thought about it and thought that even if the lover was thinking about it, he would never really be unfavorable to himself. He put the red fruit directly into his mouth.

This fruit is only the size of a grape, the entrance is instant, the taste is sour and sweet, and I don’t know what it is. Su Shi licks his mouth, and even feels a warm current that slowly turns away from the body and flows through the body. .

Su Shi only slightly widened his eyes at this time, and lifted his eyes to Ling Tiandao: "Is this a fruit of increased cultivation?"

In the medicinal herbs, there are also ways to increase the cultivation, but the fruit gives people a special feeling. Not only does the increased cultivation be more than the remedy, but the warm current does not disappear directly, but travels throughout the body. The meridians should also have a gain effect on cultivation over a period of time.

"Exactly, I know that Auntie’s cultivation is much deeper than I am, but I still want to give it to you," Ling Tian’s mouth swelled high and laughed so much. Happy, “Auntie now feels how is it?"

"I feel very comfortable, thank you for sending me..." Su Shi also smiled slightly, but he just said half of it, suddenly felt that the warmth in the body gathered toward the body to say something, for a time, he His face has changed slightly. "Why do I feel a little different?"

It’s no wonder that Ling Tian’s look is different. The original problem is here. Su Shi looks strangely at Ling Tian, ​​and he doesn’t know what to say.

"Forgot to tell the aunt, this fruit is good, but it is a little bit wrong. After eating it, it will motivate the person taking it..." Ling Tian holds Su Shi in his arms, one hand has already penetrated Under his clothes, "just if we can try this fruit is not as effective as the rumor, how much influence on cultivation, how do aunt think?"

Su Shi took a look at Ling Tian with water vapor. What can he think now? The arrow is on the string, can you still not send it?

"Okay, then you have to serve me with all your heart." Su Shi directly slammed into Ling Tian's body, a pair of fox eyes swayed, and the hook was very good.

This is the case, but what he thinks is that after this double repair, you must let you experience the taste of abstinence.

Ling Tian didn't know Su Shi's thoughts in his heart, his eyes jerked brightly, and he directly held the man in his arms, and faded his robes, leaving a room...

This time, the double repairs were the days and nights of the past few days. When Su Shi finally recovered from the strong feeling, she couldn’t help but slammed into Ling Tian.

Ling Tian took the opportunity to hold Su Yu's jade feet and scraped it together. "Auntie is not satisfied with my service? If there is any dissatisfaction, Ayi, although telling me, I will definitely change." ”

Su Shihong glanced at him with a sneak peek at his eyes. "If you can disappear in front of me now, I will be more satisfied."

Ling Tian also knew that he had actually had some time this time. At the moment, he smiled and helped Su Su squatted, and helped him cover the soft blanket, then he got up and left.

When Ling Tiangang left, the ball came out: "Hosting adults, I have a major discovery!"

Su Shi yawned and squinted halfway: "What did you find?"

"The deputy head that I told you before, and his new disciple, was really wrong." Finally, there was a substantial investigation and progress, and the ball was almost happy to fly. "The new disciple of the deputy head turned out to be It is a man of the magical world, and he also cultivated the spirit of the soul!"

"If it is really a person in the magical world, why was it not discovered before?" Wen Yan, Su Shi’s attitude has become serious. This person appeared in Qitianmen. Before he was able to check Qitianmen, if he had problems, Bo Yunzi How can you not find it?

However, Su Shi also thought of another possibility. As a deputy head of Qi Tianmen, it is not difficult to protect a disciple.

"It is not blame that the thin cloud has not been discovered. In fact, this person does not have any magical power. It seems to be no different from ordinary Taoism. Presumably, what is the method of hiding identity?" The ball guessed.

Su Shi nodded. "That will continue to stare at them. I will tell Ling Tian and Bo Yunzi about this."

"You must be careful when you host the adults. There are too many reasonable props in the world of Xianxia. There are also many ways to count people." In the mouth of the ball, he said that he cares about his own host, but his body is flashing with the pleading of praise. .

Don't ask Su Shi how to judge this by the color and frequency of the flashing light. Anyway, he just saw it and smiled at the ball: "Good job, keep on cheering."

"The host is assured, I will work harder!" The ball turned a lot of circles, and the light spots turned pink.

At this time, Su Shi’s thoughts have already returned to the topic. One day, he can’t close his door. He only knows that the cultivation is not like the demon statue of the demon. One appears in the Taoist world, but he has practiced the dementee. The deputy chief apprentice, how can this matter be opened in order to be more reasonable?

At this time, Su Shi’s heart actually had a very bold guess, but it can be proved that the evidence of this speculation has not yet appeared. In the world of Xian Xia, for thousands of years, he did not mind to wait for more. Moreover, he still has the task to do.

In this way, he was tossed by Ling Tian for so long, and Ling Tian’s IQ value has only increased by 0.2%. This is a pothole task calculated according to the number of times, which makes Su Shi know what to say.

When Su Shi took a good night's sleep, he got up and went to find Xiaoyunzi. Just as Lingtian was there, Su Shi sat down and said: "You are the head of Qitianmen. You shouldn't have any care. If it is The people around me are calculating, I am afraid that the position under the body will not be able to keep up."

Bo Yunzi frowned, and he has become accustomed to Su Shi’s own irony skills: “How do you say this demon?”

"Qi Tianmen's deputy head, hasn't you just received a loved one? You know the origin of this person and the purpose of his appearance here?" When Su Shi said this, Ling Tian was very consciously I came over and helped him to pick up his back.

Bo Yunzi looked sullen at the side and was almost stunned: "The deity will investigate as soon as possible. Thanks to the demon reminder, but I don't know if the demon statue found something different, will I suspect this person?"

"The deity did not find anything unusual, just smart, so I thought much more." Su Shi will lean half of his body on Ling Tian's body, although he has made up his mind that he has recently decided not to continue to do the main task, but enjoy it. Still have to enjoy.

"The deity knows!" Once again, the scornful face of the thin cloud has to stand up straight and go out, he never wants to see these two people again!

But after a few steps, he realized a problem. This is obviously his residence. Why is he who is being mad?





 In the next few days, Su Shi had been strolling around Qitianmen, and he was still picking away from the place where he lived. If he was going back and forth, he would have to spend at least half a day. In short, he would not give Lingtian a double repair opportunity. Ling Tian was so annoyed that he couldn’t really force Su Shi, and he could only endure it.

On this day, Su Shi went out early and walked in a bamboo forest that was rarely seen. I thought that I would not meet other people again, but I didn’t expect that I happened to meet the deputy head. A new disciple.

At first, Su Shi did not notice this person, or the ball reminded him: "Host the adults, you can go forward and you will meet a person who is the new disciple of the deputy head!"

Su Shi took a few steps forward, and then looked up and saw that one was practicing swords in the open space in the bamboo forest. This person looks very ordinary, and he wears ordinary white clothes that Qi Tianmen disciples have. There is no magical look.

At this time, Luo Wei also noticed the existence of Su Shi, his eyes flashed slightly, and even took the sword and went straight: "Dare to ask this demon statue of the demon world?"

"If there is another non-dominated person in Qitianmen, you can ask the deity to be reasonable. But according to the deity, in the Qitianmen, only one of the deities is not a Taoist?" The shelf looks at Luo Xiao, but the tone is as always ironic. "Are you not a Taoist?"

Luo Yan was stunned by Su Shi’s words, but his look was unchanged: “The demon is laughing and joking. It’s a lifetime of good news to hear the demon name in the next morning.”

"It seems that your life is very short." Su Shi continued to swear by expressionlessly.

Luo Yan’s expression was distorted for a moment, almost did not collapse. He flashed a smear of viciousness, but he quickly returned to normal. Because he did not want to speak with this person, he was going to say goodbye, but he heard Su Shi suddenly said: “Actually Are you the real demon esteem?"

As soon as this was said, although Luo’s look did not seem to change, his eyes were slightly enlarged, and even more complicated emotions were flashed.

And the ball floating on the shoulder side of Su Shi is also Sparta for a moment: "Susu and Suspension... Hosting adults, you, you, you... What are you talking about? How can this person be a demon ah? what!"

Luo Xie's camouflage work is much stronger than the ball, but a moment's effort has completely recovered as usual: "What is the meaning of the demon statue? Why can't you understand it?"

"The deity is the most disgusted person who knows how to pretend not to understand. Don't you feel tired?" Su Shi coldly stunned Luo Xiao, and there was no temperature in his voice, and it seemed extremely uncertain. "And there are some things, If you really refuse to admit it, then it really doesn't exist? In the end, it is just self-deception."

Luo Yan’s lips looked at Su Shi. Some people couldn’t see whether this person was testing himself or really knew his identity. At the moment, he only said: “I hate people like this, but it’s more annoying. Those who have nothing to do with it, obviously have no evidence, and dare to come up with the words, not afraid to end their own mouth?"

"So the deity will be relieved. After all, no matter who the other party is, it is not a good thing to have someone who hates oneself. The deity is going to find the head to discuss the important things, so he will take the first step." Su Shi sneered and lifted his feet. Luo Lan walked forward, in the moment when Luo Xiao passed by, Su Shi whispered a few words, "multiple lines of injustice will be self-sufficient, and the devil will be self-sufficient."

Luo Yan tightened his lips, and his mood was constantly turning over. As soon as he saw that Su Shi had reached a corner, he had to leave the bamboo forest. Luo Yi gritted his teeth and turned to Su Shi: "Demon and wait." Wait."

Su Shi has been half hidden in the bamboo forest and paused: "I don't know what the devil respects?"

Luo Yan’s eyes are slightly embarrassed. It seems that the demon statue has already confirmed his identity. Otherwise, he should never be so determined. Moreover, he just seems to say that he is going to find the head of Qitianmen to discuss the important things.

Although I don’t know how the demon statue found her identity, it must not be exposed.

"Under the truth, I don’t know why the demon statue said this, but since this has already been said, I can’t really do anything under it.” Luo Yan said as he slowly pulled out the sword in his hand. .

Su Shi took a sword in his hand and couldn't help but sneer: "So is the demon statue intended to be with the deity?"

"Exactly, otherwise, how can we continue to keep this secret that should not be known to anyone?" Luo Yu’s voice has not fallen, and people have rushed toward Su Shi’s direction. Jian Feng is facing Su Shi’s eyebrows.

This offensive is very much like fighting people, but Su Shi is keenly aware of the calmness and calculations in Luo Xiao. Such a gaze is not at all like being desperate.

Su Shi’s wide-sleeved wave now not only did not evade Luo’s attack, but extended a hand and straightened to the sword that had come to him.

Luo Wei didn't expect Su Shi to be such a reaction. It was a long time to want to close his hand. In the next moment, his sword was held in the hands of Su Shi, and then the sword front turned in vain. It was actually a **** mouth on Luo's shoulder.

The bright red blood was dyed with red and white clothes in an instant, but Su Shi did not let the blood stains splash on himself, because he had already retired dozens of steps in a flash.

"What is the magic method used by the demon, it is actually to clean up the magic of his body, even the blood is not a little bit left, the deity is really curious." Su Shi had a sleeve, only have Spiritual blessing, he took the hand of Jianfeng and did not suffer any injuries.

On the other hand, Luo Yi, who first shot, was actually scratched by his own sword. At this time, he was looking at Su Shi with a wound, and with a thick evil, he evoked the corner of his lips: "What is the demon statue saying? Even the face of the demon statue has never been seen, how can it be the so-called demon statue in the demon's mouth? It is the demon who respects you. It was so filthy to me at first, but now it will directly hurt, but I do not know that the demon statue appears in Qi Tianmen, what is the purpose?"

After all, Luo Wei did not respond to Su Shi at all, suddenly swept away from the bamboo forest, and also shouted for help.

Su Shi stood in the same place, did not stop, did not catch up, but after a while, could not help but laugh, he should say that this person is stupid, is it too stupid?

It’s really stupid to come up with a certain way to frame myself, and it’s just as good as a lover without IQ.

Luo Song’s voice quickly attracted several disciples of Qitianmen. After asking about the situation, several people did not dare to delay. After leaving the two people in the vicinity of the bamboo forest, they went directly to the thin cloud.

At this time, the thin Yunzi is pulling a heart to find the chess of his own lover, in this situation, Ling Tian naturally will not be merciless at this point, this time is playing the thin cloud without fighting back.

Bo Yunzi felt that he had no face, and he didn't want to enlarge the apprentice so easily. He pretended to be thinking about meditation and knocked on the board. When he was half-sounding, it was at this time that Luo Wei came in with other disciples.

As soon as Luo Yi walked into the hall, he smashed his wound and smashed it down: "Please ask the head to be the disciple."

In a bad mood, Bo Yunzi put down the chess piece, looked up at the presenter, saw a **** red on his placket, and did not deal with the injury on his shoulder. He couldn’t help but sigh: "Are you not a new disciple of the younger brother?" Already?"

Because of the flow of a lot of blood, Luo Xiao’s face looked very pale: “Returning to the palm of his hand, the disciple used to practice swords in the bamboo forest. He happened to meet the demon seniors who were in the door recently. When the demon respected the disciples, they saw the disciples. The disciplinary disciples are related to the demonic world. Even after the disciples denied it, they directly attacked the disciples and wounded the disciples. The disciples easily escaped from the bamboo forest and asked the head to be the disciple!"

When Xiao Yunzi heard this, his look seemed serious, but his eyes were fascinated by a sneak peek. Let you hook up with my big apprentice. Now let's put things on the table?

Ling Tian has already frowned, and his eyes are not good enough to look at Luo Wei. This man dares to ruin the aunt, so **** it!

Bo Yunzi looked at Ling Tian with a bit of gloating, but he was facing his murderous gaze. He could only helplessly withdraw his gaze and cough two channels: "But I don't know where the demon is now?"

"It should be still in Zhulin. The former disciple invited two brothers to guard there." Luo said.

It’s not yet known, but at least the two sides are waiting to continue to explore. At the moment, Bo Yunzi will ask people to come to Zhulin to ask Su Shi to come over. But who knows for a while, the news is: "Fang disciples I looked around the bamboo forest several times and I didn't see the demon statue."

As soon as this was said, Luo Xiao’s look suddenly changed: “It’s been so long, maybe the demon must have left.”

"The two disciples have always been outside the bamboo forest, and have not seen anyone who has left." The disciple's face is not very good-looking, quite a feeling of being deceived.

Luo Wei did not expect that Su Shi did not chase himself. Instead, he suddenly disappeared. He could only argue with a low head: "The disciple does not know where the demon is going, but he is indeed in the bamboo forest. The disciple never lie."

"You go to Lingtian's courtyard and see if the demon statue can be there." Bo Yunzi just told this sentence, and he saw Su Shi slowly walked out of the hall.

"Is you looking for the deity?" Su Shi walked in with a white light, and there was no color on his face.

Everyone in the temple saw that Su Shi suddenly appeared. They all had different looks. Ling Tian had the first reaction. He got up and took hold of Su Shi’s hand: "Auntie, are you looking at me?"

"You are going out for a long time, I don't come to you, you probably forget to go back?" Su Shi looked at Ling Tian, ​​and the lover took the initiative to find a step for himself. He naturally did not accept it. reason.

There, Luo Yi has also faintly noticed that something is wrong. When the body swayed, it almost fell to the ground. The person standing next to him was busy holding him. This move also attracted the attention of everyone in the temple. The homeopathic opening: "The demon is forgiving, the disciple is really not related to the magical world!"

Su Shi looked at Luo Wei with no expression. After a while, under the gaze of the different looks of the people, he slowly said: "I don't know who this is? If you open your mouth and say something that is inexplicable, the deity is really listening." do not understand."





 As soon as he heard this, Luo Yi immediately guessed Su Shi’s plan. He wanted to pretend that he had never seen himself. So what he said before was naturally impossible. Luo Yi did not think of it before. I will be such a plan!

After listening to Su Shi’s words, other people’s eyes on Luo’s eyes suddenly became weird. Shouldn’t he just lie?

"Demon, is this a joke?" Luo Xin’s heart sinks, but his face is frowning inexplicably. "The disciple and the demon statue have just met in the bamboo forest. The demon statue also shot the disciple. Injury, but this is just a little bit of effort, has the demon respect been forgotten? Or is it that the demon wants to deny this?"

Su Shi’s face still has no expression on his face, but he has only slightly raised his eyebrows: “This deity has been staying in Lingtian’s hospital today. I have never been out. When have I been to any bamboo forest? Where is the deny? What are you saying? The deity is more and more incomprehensible, as for the injury on your body..."

Su Shi’s gaze glanced at the place where his chest was hurt. He said nothing: “If the deity is not mistaken, should you hurt by the sword? The deity is a demon, but has never used a sword. ""

Luo Wei finally understood that when he suddenly shot, the demon lord neither evaded nor directly returned, but borrowed his sword. Did the demon singer have noticed his plan at that time?

Thinking of this, Luo Yan’s gaze could not help but flash, I knew that this person was so difficult to deal with, he should not act rashly at that time!

Only now that things have happened, even if it is regrettable, it will not help. At this time, changing the mouth will only make him into a worse situation. Only by firming the previous statement, there is a silver lining.

Thinking so, Luo Yan’s gaze must be a bit, with a bit of gnashing his teeth: “Don’t you forget the sword that you used to steal the disciple and use this sword to hurt your disciples?”

"The deity does not remember that such a thing happened," Su Shi said calmly. "Although the deity does not know why you are so filthy, but since you insist on doing so, at least you should come up with some convincing evidence. Come on? What do you mean by talking to yourself? The deity is now a guest in Qitianmen, but there is no need to accompany such a little-known disciple to do such boring things?"

"The demon respect refuses to admit that the disciples can't force the demon to open their mouths," Luo said as he turned his head and looked at Bo Yunzi. He even succumbed to the injury and looked firm. "So you can only plead for the palm." The door found out the matter and made the decision for the disciple."

From the courtyard of Lingtian to the road to Zhulin, there are not many people walking on weekdays, but after all, it is far away, and no one should have seen him. Now Luo can only send hope to this. It’s gone.

Su Shi’s look is unchanged, but he also said slightly: “You will bother to prove that the deity is innocent, although this innocence does not make any sense to the deity.”

In other words, Su Shi is a demon, and he has not seen these people in his eyes. What if these people misunderstand him?

Bo Yunzi is very stunned by Su Shi’s face, but he can only pout in his heart: “This deity will find out, demon and wait for a moment here. As for Luo Wei, you Handle the injuries on your body first."

"Thank you for the head, the disciple will go to heal." Luo Yan respectfully should be, retreat to the side to adjust the pain.

Su Shi was pulled by Ling Tian to go to the side to play chess, because the place is wrong, Ling Tian did not ask what happened, just to make him happy, and teach him how to play chess.

Regardless of what happened before, he will stand firmly beside the aunt.

When Xiao Yunzi saw Fang, he was still impatient, and he was a little apprentice. He changed his face instantly and patiently and gently taught others how to play chess. He felt that his heart was so tight, he couldn’t see his eyes, and his heart was not bothered. It is.

In fact, Su Shi’s previous trip to Zhulin was indeed seen by many people, but Su Shi is not worried about it.

As a result, these people are all in the path, and Su Shi is seen by chance. It takes a lot of time to find it. Secondly, Su Shi has already dealt with this matter before, and naturally there is no need to worry.

As for the response he made, Su Shi held a black piece in his hand, and his eyes seemed to inadvertently go outside the temple, and the corner of his mouth slowly swelled. Isn't this coming?

Ling Tian’s eyes all fell on Su Shi’s hand. The hands were white and snowy, crystal clear. At this time, they were lining up by the black pieces, more like white jade. Look at the entrance to see if it is as warm as jade, or it will be melted by the warmth of the mouth like snow.

Ling Tian’s throat was rolling, and he was about to catch the jade hand of the hook, but he heard a majestic voice coming from the door of the temple: “I heard that the disciple’s disciple was injured, but I don’t know if the head can be investigated clearly?”

The comer is the deputy head of Qitianmen. This person apparently heard about the things that happened in the bamboo forest, and it will appear here, and it is not Su Shi, it is Su Shi.

To be precise, Su Shi used the props to modify the body memory medicine in the short-term, so that he knew what happened in the bamboo forest, and the memory of Su Shi’s falsification is obviously more than that.

I didn’t know that my memory had been tampered with, and I walked into the hall with a cold face. I walked straight to Luo Wei’s face. Luo Yan saw that his master was about to get up, but he was held down by the assistant’s shoulder: "Your body is important, you don't have to stick to the number of gifts."

Luo Wei did this, and his face was apologetic: "It is the disciple who is not careful and will be injured. Instead, he asks Master to worry."

"I want to blame this, can only blame you, and what are you doing with you?" The deputy head said, with a thick and unpleasant gaze has been moved to Su Shi's body, it seems that he has already decided The person who hurts Luo is Su Shi.

Su Shi looked back at the cold eyes, and let go of the chess piece and slowly stood up. Ling Tian also thought of the snack, and stood on the side of Su Shi, maintaining the authenticity: "Where is the uncle looking at the demon statue? It is clearly you." The disciples are defiled and demon, and the demon is the innocent one in this matter."

"Now things have not been ascertained. Ling Tian, ​​you are so partial to foreigners, is your Master teaching you like this?" The deputy head also showed a full-length elder attitude.

Ling Tian is not humble and honest: "Uncle Shi still remembers that the matter has not yet been ascertained. The disciple is not aware of this look. He thought that you should directly condemn the demon. As for the believer, the uncle and his doubts about the ability of my master's believers, It’s better to think about how you taught Rosie to be a temper who would not be self-inflicted and filthy."

"It’s just arrogant!" The deputy head is the most obedient person on weekdays. He can’t help but anger. "The old man sees that you are being demonized by the demon, and you will be so ignorant, the following commits!"

Ling Tian is going to refute, but sees that Xiao Yunzi has come out of the inner hall and raised his hand: "Don't argue, now things have not been ascertained, and everything will have a result."

"Master brother, what is your intention? Is it difficult for Luo Yi to injure himself in order to smear a foreigner?" The deputy head sounded ruthlessly.

Ling Tianrong can't let anyone say that Su Shi is not. Now I can't help but say: "The uncle is really funny. Luo Yan is hurt by his own sword. There are no traces of the demon statue. How do you think this? What is the matter related to the demon statue? Again, the demon statue is my Taoist, the person who will be with me for a lifetime. I really don’t want to hear the uncle’s use of the so-called 'external people' to describe my Tao!”

The deputy head was blinded by the weather, but he didn't speak yet, and he listened to Su Shi at this time: "Ling Tian, ​​there is something wrong with you."

Ling Tian couldn't help but feel awkward. The two of them have not yet confirmed the relationship between the Taoists. However, Ling Tian’s heart has already thought this way. Is it true that Auntie has not yet recognized his identity?

Thinking of this, Ling Tian couldn’t help but look at Su Shi with a flustered look. Su Shi smiled and looked back and said: "The companion between you and me is not a lifetime, but a life."

When I heard the first half of the sentence, Ling Tian’s heart was followed up. I couldn’t help but be afraid and panic. When he heard the latter half of the sentence, a heart suddenly fell back. Directly into the honey jar.

It’s so sweet and greasy that people can’t help themselves.

"Auntie is right, you and I will naturally be born with the world." Ling Tian was moved for a moment, even the nicknames when the two men got along privately came out, but fortunately Su Shi did not respond.

The deputy head looked at it as if it had been hit by 10,000 points, and the face suddenly became very ugly: "Under the crowd, what are you doing?!"

"Does anyone stipulate that under the broad public, the Taoist can't say love words?" Su Shi sighed at the deputy head, and given that the person's end would be terrible, he would not say too much for the time being. Excessive words, "If the deputy director can't say anything, then please close your mouth that doesn't spit out any meaningful words."

The deputy head was stunned by the eyes, and was about to get angry. The thin cloud son who was flashed with a pair of fairy eyes was sore in his heart: "The things are still under investigation, the younger brother is you and peace of mind, etc. This will always come to the fore." ”

The deputy head snorted and glanced at Su Shi, and his tone was very poor: "So what is the head of the division now investigating? What progress can be made?"

"Previously, Luo Wei said that he had seen the demon statue in the bamboo forest, but the demon statue said that he had been staying in the Lingtian courtyard. Now it is this matter. If anyone has seen the demon statue outside, then... "Bo Yunzi patiently explained, but halfway through the words, he was interrupted by the deputy."

"As long as someone has seen the demon statue outside, can you prove that he is lying?" The deputy head stunned Su Shi, and the language was ironic. "The old man has seen him today, so he can prove lying. If the person is him, can you prove that the person who injured Luo Yan is indeed him?"





 Su Shi heard an eyebrow and asked: "I don't know when and where did you meet the deity?"

"It was a quarter of an hour before the old man met the demon statue when he returned to his residence. The demon statue should not forget so soon?" The deputy head replied without hesitation.

Hearing this, the face of Luo Xiao, and the disciples who had met him near Zhulin suddenly became strange, but without waiting for him to express this weirdness, Su Shi had asked: "Your ok When I saw the deity, it was a quarter of an hour, not a half hour, or an hour before?"

"The old man will not remember correctly," the deputy head snorted, and the tone was very positive. "Due Zun asked the old man this way. Is it because he does not want to admit this? So, the demon respect quickly acknowledges how you hurt. Let's have an old disciple."

Su Shi’s face is rarely a little smile, but with a clear irony: “You misunderstood, the reason why the deity wants to ask again, is that you want to hear all of you clearly, but you said it, you’ve been there. A quarter of an hour ago, I saw the deity near your residence."

"What about that?" The deputy head still didn't realize the problem.

"It really can't be done, the deity is just a question." Su Shi was in a good mood without swearing at him, because someone would soon help him open his mouth.

The first thing that stood up to help Su Shi talk was naturally Ling Tian who stood on his side from beginning to end: "If I remember correctly, I only said that I was injured when I was wounded, it was in a quarter of an hour. Before, right? In this way, the demon statues appeared at the same time in two places?"

Luo Yan lowered his head and his mood became more and more doubtful. He really couldn’t figure out why Master would say this. He naturally didn’t believe that Master would help the demon to calculate himself, but Master did not seem to be People who blindly lie to themselves, so what is going on?

The deputy director obviously did not expect to hear such words, but he clearly remembered that he really saw the demon statue in a quarter of an hour. Is it that Luo Wei is lying?

Thinking of this, the deputy head can not help but sink, but at this time, obviously not asking about this matter, even if Luo Yi really lie, he also wants Luo to give this lie to the round.

"Hey, is this a rare thing? Even if you only have a little bit of effort before and after, with the demon's cultivation, you can go back and forth with no effort?" With the idea, the deputy head calmly retorted .

Ling Tianxiao laughed and said with a tone of voice: "The uncle wants to be so strong, and the disciples have nothing to say. There is no evidence, but there is no reason to rely on the demon, and now even if there is a contradiction, Shi Shu can also swear in the past, what can disciples say?"

"You are arrogant, do you still remember what identity you are, so you talk to the old man like this!" The deputy head blinked and whispered.

Ling Tian was not scared at all, his look was steady, but his tone was very sharp: "The uncle does not have to take his identity to suppress his disciples. This matter is related to the demon and the Qitianmen, and even between the demon and the Taoist circles. If there is no evidence, Luo Yi can’t get evidence. I suspect that he deliberately chopped himself and wanted to blame the demon, thus destroying the relationship between the demon and the Tao.

"It's really interesting. The deity has never seen your mentor and the master today. You all said that you have seen the deity at the same time. It is not the one of your mentor and the disciples who remembered the problem?" Eyebrows raised a reminder to Ling Tian.

The time is almost over, and then dragging on, maybe the disciple who went to investigate the matter will come back, so Su Shi intends to directly enlarge the move.

Ling Tian’s eyes flashed and he immediately said: “Speaking of it, when Master examined the sects, it seems that he did not find the uncle’s body. Shi’s body is the deputy head of Qitianmen, and the influence of Tianmen is significant, so some things are still cautious. Something is wonderful, what does the uncle think? Of course, if there is any difficulty in the uncle's body, it is inconvenient to let people know, and the disciples are indeed not qualified to ask for anything."

"Are you in doubt that the old man did not have the spirit of the soul?!" The deputy head was almost violently thundered by the weather. He was just to preside over justice for his apprentice, but he was also involved in it.

There was no expression on Su Shi's face, but his heart was laughing at this person's stupidity. Even the words "Dementing" were said, but it saved him more trouble.

"The disciple didn't dare." Ling Tian mouth said this, but his eyes were not afraid to look at the deputy head. Obviously, he did not feel that he had any problems with his words.

After seeing Su Shi for a moment, Xiao Yunzi, who had been silent for a while, finally said: "When the younger brother checked the Qitianmen, it was indeed the negligence of the deity. Ling Tian’s reminder was not wrong."

"Don't even the head brothers doubt me?!" The deputy head squinted at Bo Yunzi, a look of shock, but the wrinkles on his face were not pleasing, and the expression was not at all lovely.

"The younger brothers have to misunderstand, the deity is the same. After all, if you and I really have any problems, the entire Qitianmen will be greatly affected." Bo Yunzi explained.

Seeing that he has spoken to this level, if the deputy director still disagrees, it seems to be a problem. At the moment, he can only take advantage of Ling Tiandao: "So, the old man naturally has no objection, but after the results come out I also hope that the brothers and sisters will teach you your apprentices. It is so rude to be a person, but it is not the way I should be treated by my Tiantian disciple."

"Your words are really interesting. Compared with Ling Tian, ​​it is clearly that your attitude is more rude and more malicious. Can you just because you are the deputy head of Qitianmen, can you rely on the old and the old?" You are politely slamming the deputy head. After all, he and Ling Tian’s setting are mutual favors. Some people dare to say lover in front of him. He naturally can’t stand by and watch. “In addition, since the deputy head is so open, the deity wants to ask. Last question, what if you really have problems?"

"The old man will naturally have no problem!"

"The deputy head is too confident to overdo it?" Su Shi is looking forward to the interesting scene of this person being beaten later. "Since the deputy head does not feel that he is leaning against the old man, if you really have problems later, you must be serious. Apologize to Ling Tian, ​​how?"

This time the deputy head is just a cold bang, it is also the default.

After that, Bo Yunzi arranged for people to check whether the spar used in the spirits was taken. Generally, the person in the spirit of the spirits will contain a little magic and traces of the soul.

The first person to be tested was Bo Yunzi. The result was naturally no problem. Then the deputy head held the spar in his hand. Before urging the spirit, he looked at Su Shi with a provocative look. However, in the next moment, he was very self-satisfied.

Because he just spurred the spiritual power to flow through the spar, the spar began to emit a faint black gas, and the deputy head was also snorted, and immediately released the hand holding the spar, this It was the spar that resisted the magic, so he turned to him.

"This... how is this possible?!" The inner head of the deputy is more shocked than anyone else. How could his body have magic? !

Equally strange are the people who are surrounded by the crowd, including Luo Yi, who is a deputy chief of the deputy, but does not include Su Shi, because this is his good plan, naturally no surprise.

Bo Yunzi looked at his younger brother inexplicably. He vaguely realized that this matter should be related to Su Shi, but he only thought that Su Shi should have learned the matter before and took advantage of this opportunity. To make it exposed, but did not expect such a result is simply Su Shi to give up.

As for how Su Shi manually let the deputy head in the "Dementing", naturally borrowed the props [modern human memory medicine in the short term], while letting the ball a very small part of the soul, and The magical spirit was unconsciously placed in the body of the deputy, which succeeded in forging the illusion of demention in the body.

Sure enough, high-tech is in hand, and all supernatural powers have become paper tigers.

"What does the deity say?" Su Shi, who is in control, looked at the spar that fell on the ground. "If you have a problem, you must apologize to Ling Tian. You should remember it." ?"

The heart of the deputy head is almost collapsed. At this time, who will remember this little thing! Is it still life and death, do you still remember the money you lost when you were five? !

"Impossible! How could the old man be in the spirit of the soul! This is absolutely impossible!" The deputy head at this time, except for meaningless denial, I am afraid that no other words have come.

Luo Yan is also very shocked, how can he get the spirit of the Master? Who is this doing? Is it in the Qitianmen, in addition to him, are there other people in the magical world?

Ling Tian does not know how the lover actually did this thing, but since the other party has already done it, the natural thing he has to do is to unconditionally cooperate with his lover. At the moment, he sneer and sigh with no mercy: "The uncle is willing to say it." I have no problem with my disciples. The disciples are very understandable, but now the results have come out. The uncle has to deny that it is not to treat us as fools. The disciples do not need to apologize without the teacher. Now the disciples are most concerned about the uncles. When is the dementia in the middle, and who is it? But these two problems are not likely to answer the disciples."

Speaking of this, Ling Tian’s gaze did not fall deeply on Luo’s body: “When Luo Luo was defiled and demon, he mentioned your relationship with the demonic world. At that time, I only thought that you were full of nonsense, now If you want to come, this may not be a fake."

"The disciple has nothing to do with the magical world!" Luo Wei’s look was firmly and categorically denied, but his heart became more and more fearful. What is going on? Why is this going to happen like this? Who is all this behind? !

Luo Yan fell to Su Shi with a strong vigilance. If all this is arranged by this person, who is he? Why does he know his identity? How did you let the Master in the spirit of the soul?

And the encounter between the two in the bamboo forest today, is it also calculated before him? Otherwise how could anyone see him?

It was at this time that the disciple who had previously been ordered to investigate the matter walked in quickly and saw that the atmosphere in the temple was very subtle. After hesitated for a while, he still said: "Hey, what you told me before, the disciple has already identified ""





 Without waiting for Bo Yunzi to respond, Su Shi had already said one step at a time: "Your speed is too slow, now things have been identified, you don't need to say anything."

Of course, he can't let this person finish the conversation, or is it not revealing?

"But..." The disciple was hesitant, but he found evidence of the demon lie.

Bo Yunzi looked at Su Shi, and at this time he also waved his sleeve: "The deity has been conclusive, you should go ahead."

The disciple who had run away for a while had to go back to the mouth and then slammed it back. Then he thought that the result would not be said. It seemed to have a great impact on the matter, but since the head is like this. Say, what else can he say?

The only hidden danger in this matter was driven away. Su Shi’s eyebrows were loose. Now he can safely use the last killer. As a person with a bad taste, how can you not let this thing be more interesting? ?

Su Shi looked at the eyes and continued to deny this incident, but there was no meaning to the deputy head. The micro-hooking corner said: "The deputy head of Qitang Qitianmen, even the gods do not know, ghosts in the soul, It’s really a miracle, but I don’t know what it is.”

When the words came out, the expression on the face of the deputy head suddenly stopped, and was covered by a deep shock and incredulity. He remembered it! He knows how he will be in the soul, but why... why is it!

Su Shi looked at the change of the deputy head with a smile, and remembered the effect of the props [modifying the body memory medicine in a short period of time], and the mood suddenly became better.

It is really worthwhile to adjust the props memorized by the user within the scope of aging, but it only needs 100 IQ points. Thanks to the system of "I spread the IQ" for the protagonist, thank you for the ball that can be deceived.

When Su Shi used this kind of props for the deputy head, he thought about designing a wonderful drama for the deputy master to bite the dog. But the timing of this drama is very important, if the deputy head is from the beginning I thought that I was deceived by Lok, and the previous drama was not well arranged.

Therefore, Su Shi gave a hint to this manually added memory. Only through the stimulation of a specific language can the memory be stimulated, and the triggered keywords are included in the sentence of Su Shi.

God does not know, ghosts do not know, the truth is true.

The deputy head of the specific memory was shocked to look at Luo Wei, a pair of unwilling to believe that the other party would do this, but had to believe in the struggling expression, Luo Yan was also looked at by this look, Master Will you look at yourself like this? Has he already discovered his true purpose? But just made it clear that nothing happened?

The deputy head gasped a few mouthfuls, and finally blushing his neck and angered: "You are a shackle, the old man is trying his best to train you, you dare to count the old man, you are..."

The deputy head shook his fingers and pointed at Luo Wei, and he was so angry that he did not know how to describe each other.

These words directly pointed the spear to Luo Xiao, under the eyes of all the different eyes, Luo Yan's expression is not too ugly: "Master, what are you talking about? How can a disciple count the Master? Are you... ”

"You shut me up!" The deputy head was angry and disappointed. In a hurry, he hit the palm of Luo's chest and flew him out and hit the pillar not far away. "The old man actually believed. Your words, I thought that you have broken your own magic, willing to change your evil spirits, who knows that you are actually... you even dare to count my own biological father!"

what? What? Shouldn't these two men be pure mentoring relationships? How suddenly became a father and son? This memory is not his tampering, so the plot should be so bloody.

Su Shi leisurely made a qualified melon crowd, while he was screaming in his heart, but if Luo Wei was the dear son of the deputy head, he could reasonably explain why he would make an exception to the case and still take it with him. Trained carefully.

Judging from the words of the deputy director, Su Shi has automatically contacted the story before and after, and the brain has made up an earth-shattering dog blood drama.

When the deputy head was young, he was very romantic. He once fell in love with a woman in the magical world. After that, he gave birth to a crystal of love. As a result, the child was still not born. He lost his way and felt that he could not be with the magic. On the relationship, he resolutely disconnected from a woman and returned to the Taoist world.

Although a woman was injured by a negative heart, she also gave birth to a child and tried to cultivate herself and her son to become the demon of the magical world.

After many years, the crystallization of this love has finally grown up, because I hate to abandon myself and my mother's heartless minds, and then devote myself to cultivation, and boldly drafted a big conspiracy that can simultaneously eliminate the Taoist and the demon world, in order to change the evil spirits. The name is close to the negative heart, and the use of the negative heart finally succeeds in unifying the three realms.

Well, this is really a story of brain damage and dog blood. It’s just the emotional grievances of your family of three. Why do you have to pull the whole demon repairing circle? We are really innocent.

After the brain was completed, Su Shi abandoned the melon seeds and clap his hands: "It turns out that the deputy head and his apprentice are both masters and fathers and sons. It is very interesting."

Bo Yunzi is also a dignified face: "Teacher, what is going on here?"

The deputy head has been completely awake at this time, realizing that he was simply cheated by this son, and now he is no longer concealing, but he is saddened by the truth: "The head of the brothers forgives sins, this obstacle is what I left many years ago. The bane of the next, I was a confused woman at the beginning, and I will be a woman with the magical world..."

The old-fashioned dog **** code that happened to him, the deputy head is really shy to mention, and can only be brought directly by the complicated complexion: "The barriers suddenly found me a few days ago, and I also gave it to my mother. The token, and said that he himself has changed his evil spirits, and cut off the magic of his own body, and wants to go on the road of Taoism. I read the love of the year, and I saw that he did not have a little magic, he accepted him as a disciple. But who knows... This obstacle is simply kidding me, still calculating me!"

"Master, I really don't!" Luo Yan's identity has been exposed, seeing a few people around him with a look of guard and contempt, looking at him, only pale and shook his head again and again, "Master... Father! You must believe me I really have changed my mind and I have never applied Soul to you!"

The deputy head was indeed biased, but it was on the premise that he was obedient. Now he is obviously more willing to believe his memory, although I don’t know why he suddenly remembered it, but since he remembered it, So clear, he naturally does not suspect that his memory has gone wrong.

"Stop! You think that now, I will believe in you again!" The deputy head is a person who rules and rules, but the experience of breaking this rule is because of the obstacles that deceive him in front of him, and His mother, this is simply the stain that can't be erased in his white life!

Thinking of this, the disgusting color of the deputy head is more intense: "From today, you are no longer a disciple of the old man, and have nothing to do with the old man. As for the cultivation that the old husband taught you, the old man will also have all Take it back!"

After all, the deputy head will have to ruin the cultivation of Luo Wei. If it is not rebellious at this time, then it is really a fool. Luo Yan sees the deputy head and has a firm attitude. He does not give himself a chance to justify himself. I am also aware that there is no room for reversal.

At the moment, he no longer pretends to be weak. His posture is flexible and avoids the claws of the deputy head. He bites his teeth: "Father, when you disappointed my mother first, would you still kill your own son today?"

"You stay in the mouth! If your mother and son are entangled in the old man, why is the old man so affected?" The deputy head feels that he is really wronged. The original thing is not enough. After all, who is not young and ignorant, but this time he This is to keep the son with the mentality of making up, but who knows that the son is simply to calculate himself, as long as he thinks about this, he has an impulse to vomit blood.

After all, the father and the son were so excited to start their hands. Luo Wei did not use all his strength at first. He tried hard to speak the words of defense, but he did not listen to the deputy director. Instead, he recruited deadly and he also bite his teeth. Put the repairs that have been suppressed for a long time out.

When everyone saw him with a strong magical power, it was almost full of the hall. This fully believed in the identity of this man, and then thought that he had already made a good relationship with this person before, and felt that he was afraid after a while. Fortunately, he did not use the spirit of his own, otherwise he is not finished?

Su Shi looked at it with a sigh of relief. The father and son did not let him down. I didn’t want to use it to redeem the props.

"Auntie, you will retreat backwards, you have to be hurt by them." Ling Tian took Su Shi's shoulder and stepped back two steps. He has already seen that the deputy head is not the opponent of Luo Wei, for fear of Luo Yu Su Shi is not good.

Su Shitou looked at him and smiled: "Don't worry, this person is not my opponent."

Even if Luo Wei is the real demon, it is definitely not his opponent. Who has let him have been immortal before?

Presumably in the original plot, if Luo Luo did not use Ling Tian to deal with the original owner, it is not the opponent of the original owner. After all, now within the Three Realms, there is only one original owner who successfully robbed.

The deputy head of the other side was holding a snowy pre-shame mentality and Luo Yan hands-on, but he never expected that the repair of this obstacle is so high, even he is not an opponent!

Although the deputy head feels very faceless, it is still a matter of life. After discovering that he is not an opponent of Luo Wei, he conveniently retreated and stood behind the body of Bo Yunzi. Some facelessly whispered: "Brother, I am afraid not his opponent."

The appearance of Bo Yunzi is also very dignified. Although his own younger brother has great problems in some aspects, he is only second to himself. Now he is not even an opponent of Luo Wei. Bo Yunzi has faintly guessed the identity of the other party.

According to the situation of Fangcai, Bo Yunzi didn't even dare to determine whether he was an opponent of Luo Wei, but here is Qi Tianmen, and the demon statues of the Mo Xiu Jie have already come to their own sites. If he retreats at this time, Lost is not his own face.

Just as Bo Yunzi took a deep breath and prepared to go forward, he saw a white figure on one side slowly coming up. He turned his head and looked at it.

Su Shi was in front of his hand, looking indifferently at the sullen Luo Yan: "This person, give it to the deity to deal with."

The scum that dares to hit his lover, of course, wants him to pick it up, not to mention, this is a rare opportunity to force, how can he miss it?





 When Luo's gaze fell on Su Shi, it became more and more sullen and vicious: "Do you even have to take care of the deity's family affairs?"

Nowadays, Luo Wei has no intention of continuing to conceal his true identity, because there is really no need for it.

"The deity has no interest in the facts of your family, but if the deity is not mistaken, you seem to have hit the idea of ​​Ling Tian?" Although the villains often die from words, Su Shi is now the protagonist. Just for the sake of force, "The deity has always had a good hatred. Now that I have this opportunity, I have to make a good return."

At the thought of all the previous calculations of this person, Luo Wei would not want to eat the flesh and blood of this person. He gnashed his teeth and said: "That also depends on whether the demon has this ability!"

He can't believe a demon who has lost the demon, how can he!

After all, Luo Xiao’s figure has turned into a black fog, and he rushed toward Su Shi. Su Shi’s wide sleeves are slightly moving, and the fingertips are turned over. An invisible enchantment has been condensed in the body, only when the black fog hits. Forming a circle of cymbals, slowly circling around Su Shi's body.

At the same time, Su Shi's body slowly radiated a soft but very embarrassing light, which seems to contain a little bit of gold.

Everyone around them was stunned and watching this scene. Did they read it wrong? Why did they actually see the fairy scent that only appeared after the immortal in the demon statue? ! They are not dreaming!

Even the thin clouds are difficult to hide the shocking color, has the demon statue turned out to be a fairy?

Luo Yi couldn't make a single blow, stepped back a few steps, and slowly turned back to the human form. When he saw this scene, he was also surprised to see his eyes flashing. The demon statue had already been robbed of the immortal. It seems that he had really stunned this person before!

At the moment, Luo Yi immediately realized that he was not an opponent of Su Shi. He could not bend and stretch, and he did not like to fight. He just did not wait for him to escape. The body seemed to be strangled by numerous slender ropes. Suddenly, I can’t move!

How can this be!

With his cultivation, how could someone possibly hold him so easily! Luo Yan’s eyes were wide and his face was full of incredulity.

But even if he does not want to believe, his current situation has told him truthfully that he is really being held in action and can only stand here and kill him!

"Is it very surprised?" Su Shi looked at Luo Xiao with a cold look, and he was inscrutable. "Your cultivation is in the respect of the deity, but the tricks of the worms, and your previous tricks are just to make you jump." The clown is generally ridiculous."

Luo Yan tried his best and couldn't move the ball. He could only bite his teeth and said: "You will let me go!"

"Let's let go of you? I'm afraid it won't work," Su Shi stroking the spotless sleeves, because the look is indifferent, and it shows the ruthlessness in his words. "Before you filthy the deity, don't mention it for the time being, just say that you were actually If you dare to hit your mind with Ling Tian, ​​you will not be able to let you go."

Although Luo Yan is used to mediocrity, but it is so restricted to people, there is no such resistance. For the first time, the shock and unwillingness in my heart has far exceeded the discomfort that the incident itself brought to him.

But he is not an ordinary person. Even though he is already roaring in his heart, there is a misunderstood anger in his face: "What happened in the past, there are countless devils, not to mention it, but I have never produced it before. Unexpected thoughts about Ling Tian, ​​is there any misunderstanding of me?"

"The deity talked about this, but he wanted to let you know why you were tortured afterwards, and didn't listen to your nonsense." Su Shi's gaze swept around Luo Song, his fingertips moved. I am prepared to dismiss his repairs as soon as possible, and explain, "If you don't have this body repair, you can't be bad for Ling Tian anymore?"

Luo Yan had no time to say anything more, and the pain that came from the sudden suddenness was screaming low, and a thin layer of cold sweat appeared in his face. His face was also white: "Living... Stop! Ah! what……"

A few disciples around Qitianmen looked at this scene and felt that the back was a little cold. Just looking at the look of Luo Wei, they made them feel very chilly.

Su Shi did not change his look, and even the movements were slow, as if he had never heard of Luo’s screams.

After the repairs of Luo’s body were exhausted, Su Shi did not have any expression: “I don’t know if this is a waste of cultivation, can you still feel good?”

"Demon, you can't die!" After the severe pain, Luo Wei gradually returned to God, his eyes stunned and stunned Su Shi, and he wished to swallow him.

"It seems that this punishment is too light for you," Su Shi picked up his eyebrows invisibly. After a pause, he said, "The dear remembers that you have already vowed to say that you have broken your own magic. How to help you change your mind and change your mind?"

Luo Yan’s eyes widened in an instant, and the voice was terrified: “You can’t do this!”

If he is only abolished, he will have the opportunity to re-cultivate in the future, but if the magic root of his body is cut off, he will no longer be a magician!

Under the horror of Luo Wei, he had already laid down his dignity and prepared for mercy. However, Su Shi did not give him a chance. He directly put a spiritual force into his body, flowing through his body and finally entering his Dantian. The roots of the magical enchantment are uprooted, and there is no residue left.

Luo Yan was mourning again, and he couldn’t help but pick it up. He actually removed the magic of his body!

After the removal of the magic root, the magical power in the body of Luo Luo seems to have leaked out of the air and began to mad out, but a moment of effort has completely disappeared.

Luo Yan is resentful, but also unwilling, a pair of eyes have become red: "Demon, you dare... dare!"

He is now completely subject to people, even if he hates to go crazy, at most, he is grinning, and he can't change his tragic status.

"Seeing that you still have the strength to speak, it seems that punishment is not enough," Su Shi smiled coldly, and there was no temperature in his eyes. "How should the deity punish you next? Is it your life directly? Destroy your Dantian and interrupt your veins?"

As soon as this was said, Luo’s eyes suddenly shrank, and his attitude changed. He immediately licked his lips and asked for mercy: "No! I beg you, you have removed the magic roots in my body, beg you not to Destroy my Dantian again!"

As a combination of Taoism and Mo Xiu, there are both Dan Tian and the Magic Root in Luo Yi. Although there is no magic root to make him die, but if Dan Tian is gone, it is really no different from death.

"I am sorry, I am afraid I can't promise you." Su Shi slowly raised her hand, just about to start, but he took a spiritual force from the side and stopped his movements.

Su Shi looked at him sideways, and he saw the deputy head being glaring at himself with a sullen look. The person who only shot was obviously him.

"I don't know what advice you have?" Su Shi held his hand and stood alone.

The first two steps in the deputy head, pointing to Su Shi reprimanded: "Since you have removed the magic root in his body, why should you kill it? You are so ruthless, really... oh!"

Half of the deputy head, suddenly snorted, and shrunk his hand: "Demon, you dare to hurt me!"

"The deity just doesn't like to be fingered," Su Shi retracted his hand in an understatement. "At the same time, the deity is also very dissatisfied with the decision of the deity. If the deputy head does not want to end up with your son, it is best to shut up." ”

"You, you!" The slap in the hand of the deputy head, the expression on his face is almost twisted. "How can you be so savvy!"

"The deity is so ruthless, what about you?" Su Shi slightly lifted his chin and looked at the deputy head contemptuously.

The deputy head was stunned by Su Yan’s frank attitude. Under the heart, he was somewhat afraid of his strength. After a while, he turned his head and said to Ling Tiandao: "Ling Tian, ​​demon respects him to do this, you should not persuade. Does he stop?"

Fang has always been watching the lover's arrogant Ling Tian, ​​even if he heard the deputy head, but still reluctant to look away from Su Shi, just understate the original: "Demon statue is this for me, I Why do you want to stop him? And the demon respects this move, which is very close to my heart. I am too happy to come."

The lover just was so handsome, Ling Tian wanted to take him to double repair immediately.

The deputy head was stunned by Ling Tian, ​​and the whole face was blacked out: "You... you just don't know shame!"

Su Shi looked at the deputy head with a gentle look at Ling Tian, ​​and his eyes became cold and incomprehensible in an instant: "The deity does not like to listen to the nonsense of unrelated people, but since you have spoken, The deity will give you a chance. If you really want to help your son, then you will be bold and stand up and accept it on his behalf, so the deity will let him go this time. Otherwise, if the deputy head says more nonsense, the deity does not Mind that your father and son will suffer together."

"My father saved me!" Luo Wei did not want to miss this last chance.

However, the deputy head obviously wants to disappoint him. The face of the deputy head is suddenly white and white, and he struggles for a long time, but he has no courage to say anything. He can only squat in angrily and lift his feet to go outside the temple. I want to keep my last face.

Who knows that he just took a step and listened to Su Shi’s cold voice: “No one is allowed to leave here until this matter is resolved, otherwise the deity does not know what will happen.”

The deputy head was almost mad at the top of his head, but when he thought of Su Shi’s words, he did not dare to open his mouth. He could only turn his helpless attention to Bo Yunzi, but he saw his old-fashioned appearance. Obviously, I don’t plan to take care of this matter. The deputy head can only turn a blind eye, but I can only bear it.

This time, no one bothered, Su Shi ruined Luo Tian’s Dan Tian without mercy, and interrupted all his muscles and veins. In exchange for Luo Xiao, there was no whisper of any strength, so this is the case. Things have been given.

"This matter has been completed, please feel free to do it." Su Shi's tone is as flat as if he had just drank a glass of water.

Hearing the words, the expressions of the audience are not too much entangled, they are really scared!

Ling Tian did not look at the reaction of other people. He went straight to take over Su Shi’s waist and his voice was soft and soft. “Auntie, you have done so much for me, how can I reward you? What?"

"I didn't intend to ask for your return." Su Shi's mood was very good.

Ling Tian is smacking his mouth, and his eyes are green. "How can it be done? Why is it better... I gave myself to the aunt to give thanks?"





 When Su Shi was forced to do a wave of main tasks by Ling Tian, ​​when he finally got up from the couch, it was already a few days later. He had to say that after a few days, it’s good to see the sky again. .

Now the real demon lord has been almost picked up by Su Shi, but Luo Xiao's substitute is still quietly in the magic palace to practice, even if he wants to pick things up, can not find the right one.

The magical world is very similar to the rules of the demon world. For Luo Yi, who has become a waste, I am afraid that no magician will be willing to help him revenge, especially if the other party has already robbed the fairy.

As a result, this matter has come to an end. As for whether there will be major turmoil within the Three Realms, at least before the emergence of the second person in the Three Realms, this issue does not have to be worried.

After finishing the plot and solving the hidden dangers, the only thing Su Shi needs to do now is to promote the main task of slow progress. However, Su Shi, who has just been tuned by Ling Tian, ​​has not wanted to continue this pit in the short term. The main line task is gone.

He simply turned his head and one person ran back to the demon world.

Su Shi’s plan is quite beautiful. Ling Tian is the chief disciple of Qi Tianmen. Now he has recovered his memory. It should not be directly pursued without hesitation. Although this is not a long-term solution, at least he can be Slow down first.

But who knows for three days, when he woke up from the couch, he opened his eyes and confronted the sly scorpion, and Su Shi could not help but stunned.

"Auntie finally woke up?" Ling Tian's fingertips slowly slipped over Su Shi's face, his voice was extremely gentle. "So, next, Master should have enough energy to guide the disciples to double-education?"

After all, Su Shi was once again ruthlessly defeated by Ling Tian. The double repairs have always been long, and it is obviously impossible to complete the ten days of work.

When Su Shi once again successfully got out of the bed, he was able to put on his robes. He vowed never to come back to this world of background setting. Although the double repairs did not cause any discomfort to the body, they were very durable. Stimulating, but whoever is brewed in a continuous sauce for so many days will not be able to stand it!

However, in the following years, Su Shi did not escape the tragic fate of being brewed by Ling Tian's sauce. Until many years later, the progress of the main line mission finally climbed to 100% with the speed of the turtle.

"Congratulations to the host, you have finally completed the main task of the world, and you get a reward of 1000 IQ points at a time. At the same time," when the ball saw Su Shi woke up, he couldn't help but whisper. "I There is also a big good news to tell the host!"

Su Shi turned over on the couch, and there was still the ultimate remnant left by the previous double repairs: "What good news?"

"Because the host has successfully completed the main task of the four mission worlds, the system has very generously awarded a special reward to the host. From this mission world, the host can choose a current world of items into the package, and Bring it into the world afterwards," the ball introduced this award with great interest, and it seems to be more exciting than Su Shi. "As long as it is brought into the world after this way, you can Feel free to use in other worlds, this reward sounds great!"

Su Shi’s gaze flashed slightly. This reward sounds really good, just: “Is completely unrestricted?”

"This... because the world rules of each mission world are different, so the effectiveness of the items will be adjusted accordingly according to the rules of the world. It is really humanized," said the ball. Seeing Su Shi came over with dissatisfaction, immediately stunned, and explained with a sway, "The host should not be angry, this arrangement is also to not cause a big sensation in the mission world, thus adversely affecting the mission itself."

In other words, although it is possible to bring the things of this world into the later world, the items themselves still have to comply with the rules of the current world. For example, if you bring the medicinal herbs of the world of Xia Xia into modern society, it may become The general health products that keep fit and healthy are called chicken ribs.

Su Shi’s eyebrows, he knows that the unreliable temperament of the ball will never bring any reward.

"That... In fact, this reward is really good, maybe when will it come in handy?" The ball was not enough to sway around Su Shi, and in the end, the sound could not be heard.

Su Shi did not express his opinion on this. After all, this thing is better than nothing, but it does not need to spend IQ, at least not a bad thing.

Moreover, some things need to rely on people to manually calculate, just like this reward, if the panacea in the world of Xianxia is brought into the ordinary modern society, there is really no use, but if it is brought to the orc world, the western world, even Is it going in the last days?

Even if you have to follow the current rules of the world, those panacea can be used as well.

"Since this world, can I use this reward?" Su Shi asked, his voice whispered.

The ball nodded again and again: "Of course, what do the host adults want to bring into the next world?"

"Dan medicine." Su Shi gently spit out two words.

After the ball was stunned, it was just a slap in the face: "Hosting the adult, the drug seems to be not a thing, but a kind of thing?"

Is it good to be an advanced smart system? Even if you haven't read the book, is there a lot of information stored in its database? Host adult, can you not bully me like this!

"In my opinion, medicinal herbs are a kind of thing." Su Shi seriously stressed that he once again bullied the ball.

Probably being bullied several times, already having experience, even if he is very dissatisfied with his own host, after the ball struggles for a while, he can only choose to manually confess: "What do you mean by the host?"

There is such a wayward host who is good at bullying his own system. What else can it say? Its heart is also very broken!

"The next world, go to the end of the world." The plan was successful, Su Shi immediately opened.

The ball cried to search for a mission world in the end of the world. He was planning to let Su Shi choose the squad task, but he listened to the other side with a bit of gnashing. He said: "You don't have to choose the spur task. I think the spur task may be And I rushed."

From the inner general manager to the fox, this road is too tired for him. Why is his luck so bad every time?

"Isn't the host adult going to continue to do the sideline mission?" The ball was a pity to ask, although the system currency is not as valuable as the IQ point, but it can also be exchanged for props.

Su Shi moved his finger: "The squad task is randomly determined."

If his luck is still so back in a random situation, then obviously it is not a simple luck.

"Okay." The ball quickly determined the next mission world, and the role that Su Shi played in the mission world, but it has not had time to explain to Su Shi, Ling Tian has come in, the ball has to go first Flashing, save time and then accidentally see what is not suitable for children.

The ball said that people are still just a child.

"Auntie woke up?" Ling Tian walked over to the couch and sat down, his face tender.

Su Shi yawned and asked casually: "Ling Tian, ​​if one day I am gone, what would you do?"

This question sounds a lot like what is going to happen, but Su Shi is really only trying to ask. If the previous world backgrounds are more than a hundred years in a lifetime, he will bear it.

But here is the world of Xian Xia. It’s not a big deal to live for thousands of years. Su Shi thought that he would be pulled by Ling Tian numerous times and no longer had to repair it all day long. He felt that the whole person was not very good.

Ling Tian heard the words, but it was a brow, and the look was grim: "How did the aunt suddenly ask this? The aunt's demon is still in my body. If the aunt is gone, I will not be there."

Sure enough, Su Shi sighed softly. It seems that from now on, his task will be from hard work and double repair, and he will try to get rid of double repairs. It is very sad to think about it.

"Nothing, I just asked casually." Su Shi waved his hand and couldn't help but smile.

Ling Tian took Su Shi’s words seriously. Now he grabbed Su Shi’s hand and seriously said: “Is there anything wrong with me? Since Auntie asked this, I naturally want to explain it, even though it’s not because Demon Dan, I will definitely follow Auntie’s side."

Su Shi’s heart warmed up and smiled. “I’m really just talking about it, you don’t have to worry about it.”

Seeing Ling Tian's look still a little tight, Su Shizi turned, and suddenly smiled at him: "Ling Tian did not want to touch my tail before? Do you want it now?"

After listening to this, Ling Tian’s hand immediately itch, but he insisted: “Auntie, no matter what happens, you are not allowed to glare at me, okay?”

When did the lover's strength become so powerful? Su Shi’s eyes, directly from the waist, came out with a big tail, entangled Ling Tian’s arm.

In this situation, Ling Tian can still bear it, and now he touches the hairy big tail of Su Shi and throws him down directly.

After tens of thousands of years, Su Shi went through a hard work to refine the medicinal herbs, while trying to avoid the tragic life of the double repair, but even so, he was caught by Ling Tian again and again, and began a double repair.

Until tens of thousands of years later, even Su Shi’s demon Dan could not continue to maintain Ling Tian’s life. He held his lover in his arms, half lost, and half relieved: “This life has been occupied by you. Cheap, I really ate a big loss, and in the next life you will wait for a life of indulgence."

Ling Tianxin smiled, and the nephew stared at Su Shi with a sigh of relief: "As long as I can continue to be with my aunt, I will be willing to do my best."

"You ah..." Su Shi squeezed Ling Tian's hand, and for a time he didn't know what to say. It was in this sigh of sigh, Ling Tian slowly closed his eyes.

In the sacred sea, the years flies, but some things, but only more and more deep, can not be erased in life.


Arc 5: Spreading IQ For The End Of The World

 At the moment when Su Shi opened his eyes, there was a heartbroken sorrow at the same time. He frowned and his eyes swept to the side. He was seeing the **** sunset at the west of the window, the **** red blood. It is a sign that the cruel end of the world has come to every corner of the earth.

"Hosting adults, how do you feel now? Is there any uncomfortable?" The ball wandered worriedly.

Su Shi shook her head and sat down from the bed slowly, her head was a little dizzy, like sleeping too long, and like being hungry, he frowned, just about to open the ball to the task story of the world, The wooden door suddenly pushed away from the outside without warning.

"Jiang Hao, are you dead, just told you so many times, how are you..." The girl’s voice filled with questioning sounded silently after she looked at Su Shi’s calm eyes, and she stunned. Frowning and continuing, "Mom has something to say to you, if you are not dead, just get out!"

After all, the girl glanced at Su Shi and slammed the door shut.

Su Shi’s eyes calmly watched the door that was rudely pushed away and rudely closed. After a while, he turned his head and looked at the ball: “Give me the mission story and the memory of the original Lord.”

"Okay!" The attitude of the ball can be positive.

After a while, Su Shi has already digested the memory of the body, and by the way looked at the contents of the branch task.

The original name was Jiang Yan. In the original plot of the world, it was a pure waste that did not awaken any abilities. Therefore, at the beginning of the last days, it was abandoned by family members, and one person stayed at home with almost no food.

After the hungry, the original owner had to venture out to find food. As a result, he was surrounded by two zombies in the corridor, so he screamed and took the lunch.

Such a simple and clear introduction to the characters, the original master is really a cannon fodder in the cannon fodder.

Under the premise of such a simple plot, Su Shi’s branch task is also very simple, that is, to avoid the original owner being used as cannon fodder, it is best to live a lot more wonderful, and live a lot more comfortable.

Su Shi sighed weakly, was about to view the world's plot line, by the way to view his main line task, he heard a loud anger outside the room: "Jiang Yan, you quickly get out of me!"

The person who said this, that is, the one who just pushed the door of Su Shi, is the original sister of the original master, named Jiang Tian.

Su Shi smiled without any expression, and released the first small task after the world came to the world: "Please record the conversations between me and some people later."

"Yes!" Opening a new world, the ball is full of energy.

Su Shi's hands and feet were unable to walk out of the room, and he saw two people sitting in the small living room. One was naturally yelling at Su Shi, very rude Jiang Tian, ​​and the other was the original mother Zhao Guiqin.

The reason why the word "kind" must be used is because these so-called relatives do things to the original master, but they are not like relatives at all, but more like enemies.

"You are really delicate, Mom wants to tell you that you have to wait for so long!" Jiang Tianyi saw Su Shi, and his nostrils poked into the sky.

Su Shi didn't even look at her and sat down on the sofa: "I haven't eaten for a few days, so I'm slow, I hope Mom doesn't blame me."

Now that the last days have come for three days, the original owner has been hungry for three days. Su Shi feels that he can successfully climb from the bed. It is already a miracle.

As for why the original owner had not eaten for so long, it was natural because his lovely sister had broken the ration of his brother who did not wake up with the lack of food at home.

In the words of Jiang Tian, ​​a waste that does not wake up to power, even if it is eaten, is just a waste of food.

The end of the world has only just opened for three days. The original owner was forced to hunger strike because of this pothole. Therefore, he was abandoned by his loved ones. This experience is also a **** dog.

Zhao Guiqin looked at Su Shi worriedly, and he was very concerned about the appearance of this son. The words he said were not the same thing at all: "Oh, oh, now there is a mess outside, we are not here orphans. Safe, so I am going to go to B city to find your dad, sweet, what do you think?"

I think? What else can I think? Do you still expect me to take the initiative to ask you to abandon it? Su Shi thought with some irony, but she smiled weakly on the face: "Go to Dad, that's fine, Dad should be safer."

After saying this, Su Shi directly lowered his head and quieted down. The double impact of Zhao Guiqin and Jiang Tian was on the body, and he did not speak.

"Jiang Yan, you should not want to go to B City with us?" Jiang Tianyan looked at Su Shi.

Su Shi’s incomprehensible look at Xiang Jiang’s sweetness: “Mom just didn’t mean to go to Dad’s? Isn’t we not going together?”

"Jiang Hao, do you still have some self-knowledge? You are in this situation, it is a burden, my mother and I will be dragged down by you!" It is obvious that you have to leave your brother-in-law regardless of this lack of virtue. Child, but Jiang Tian’s confidence is very good, and the attitude is very natural.

Su Shi took a sigh, and some of them didn't come back. After a while, he turned to look at Zhao Guiqin. His voice was low: "Mom, you... don't you want me to go over?"

Zhao Guiqin’s eyes flashed, obviously not afraid to confront Su Shi: “Mom doesn’t want to be like this, but now only your sister is awakened by the same person at home. If both of us follow, she will definitely not care... ..."

Zhao Guiqin did not finish the words, apparently want to leave a layer of fig leaf for himself, but Su Shi could not let her wish, and tore open this layer of fig leaf: "So mom and sweet decided to leave me here. Is it self-defeating?"

Zhao Guiqin lowered his head and twisted his clothes, a look of disappointment.

"Jiang Hao, how do you talk to your mother?" Jiang Tian leaned up and leaned against his nose, and said, "Our family, I am awakened by my ability. Do you want me to take you with you? Mom is not alone at home?"

"You are right. If you let me choose, I will definitely not leave my mom alone, because we are a family. Isn’t the family supposed to support each other?" A bitter wounded smile, the voice is gentle and bitter, "But you? Are you really making me a family member? Presumably you have made a decision before you call me out, ready to abandon me?"

"Small, I don't have... How can I abandon you?" Zhao Guiqin looked nervously at Su Shi, and there were contradictions in her eyes. There were contradictions, but more of it was helpless and apologetic. This shows that she had already made it in her heart. The choice, "And wait for me and sweet to find your dad, we will definitely pick you up, sweet just said, now it is too dangerous outside, it is better to take risks with our mother-in-law, it is better to stay at home first This is still safer."

The original owner's home is nearly two thousand miles away from the city of B. This is in the last days. If Su Shi believes Zhao Guiqin, he will have ghosts.

In fact, Su Shi’s thoughts on these two people are very clear. If it is not for recording, he is too lazy to talk nonsense with the two people. Su Shi’s heart is already impatient, but on the face is a ugly one than crying. Smile: "Mom, have you forgotten that I haven’t eaten for three days? Or do you want to leave the rest of the food for me? But even then, I’m afraid I won’t hold it for a long time. Are you starving to death?"

"Why is the food at home left for you? I have to eat on the road with my mother." Under the deliberate guidance of Su Shi, Jiang Tian took the words very hard and did not show mercy. "You are a man." Now, I want to grab the food of my mother and sister. Do you still have to be shameless?"

"So you want to let me go to this ordinary person who has no awakening ability and lived for a whole three days and go out and die hard?" Su Shi took a deep breath, his voice seemed like a cry, "Mom, sweet, Do you know how uncomfortable I am in my heart now? If I let myself choose, I will definitely choose to stay alone, never drag you down, I will even jump directly into the zombie pile. But I did not expect that your choice It is not the same as abandoning me. Do you know? I volunteer to use my life to change your safety, and you abandon me for your own safety, although the result is the same, but for me It’s really different.”

Suddenly, Su Shi had bowed his head in pain and covered his face with his palm. The drama was too lyrical, but his heart did not have any fluctuations, and even a little bit of laughter.

Jiang Tian looked disgustedly at the same cowardly brother as he used to, and snorted: "This time, who do you want to see?" Anyway, my mom and I will leave soon. Say it."

Although Zhao Guiqin seems to be more painful from the expression, she did not give any response after listening to Su Shi’s words.

After a short while, Su Shi only raised her head again. He sucked his nose and his face was calm: "Mom, I am sorry, I just said so many things that make you worried. You can go with confidence, I will wait at home. If you come back to pick me up, you don't have to worry about me, really."

"Small 朔..." Zhao Guiqin couldn't help but squint, but never got a word again.

"All the things that should be said are finished anyway, Mom, let's go." Jiang Tian's emotions did not have any fluctuations like Su Shi. She looked at Su Shi and took Zhao Guiqin and stood up. She said that she had to go out and go out. .

Zhao Guiqin seems to have been really impressed by Su Shi’s words. He looked at Jiang’s bag and hesitated. He whispered, “Sweet, do we want to leave some food for your brother?”

"As far as he is useless, it is a waste, and he will not give it to him." Jiang Tian licked his mouth, but instead put the bag in his hand behind him.

Zhao Guiqin did not say anything more, and after sighing at Su Shi, he left the house with Jiang Tian.

Su Shi looked sadly to the two to leave. When the security door was pulled up, the expression on his face changed with one another. It was so easy to get rid of the best family and it was awesome.

The ball was originally intended to comfort the host's own two sentences. As a result, before I even had time to open the door, I saw that my host had leaned back on the sofa with ease and hooked it to the finger: "Take the task story."





 When the ball put the task of the world in front of Su Shi, Su Shi had taken a bottle of Pi Gudan from the parcel and swallowed one.

With Pi Gudan, three meals a day is not a problem, simple and convenient, and it is a must-have for the end of the world.

The name of the male (ai) ren in this world is Song Yiming. From the identity point of view, it can definitely be called a high-ranking amnesty. It is a mature and sturdy person, and a successful career. It is a diamond recognized by the whole people. .

But the only fly in the ointment is that when he was twenty-five, the lower body lost its consciousness inexplicably. Since then, it has been bad, and life has undergone some minor changes.

Because of the means, his career did not have any major problems, but the man’s fiancee was so sneaky with his younger brother Song Yijin, so this is another skirt that has not yet touched the woman’s skirt. A poor man who was wearing a green hat by the woman.

Seeing this, Su Shi raised his hand to erase the black line in front of his forehead. Although he thought it was not right, he always gave birth to a man who was used by the hostess, deceived, betrayed, abandoned, etc. I feel that I am licking the sour feeling of others.

In this regard, "this pair of broken shoes" is still a big baby that no one or thing can match, so what can he do? Even if his heart is slightly broken, he can only manually pick up the fake, broken shoes, true and peerless treasures that have been abandoned by others.

The man who had been wearing a green hat by his fiancée and his younger brother had not had time to discover the fact of this sad reminder. The end of the world came without warning. The male master quickly established the end of the world with his hard wrists and resources. After the first base.

Under the painstaking management of the male master, the base quickly got on the right track and became a refuge for many survivors. However, at this time, the male master was awakened by the pro-brother of the firepower.

The man died, the plot ended, and the flowers were scattered.

Su Shi put down the task story and spit out a sigh of relief: "A bit awkward."

Round ball reconsideration: "+1, but every time it is like this, maybe we should get used to it?"

Su Shi cold eyes glanced at the ball, not your family lover, of course you will not feel bad, but: "Although it is very wrong, but this time the male owner seems to have been online?"

Unlike the previous worlds, the male lord always has a variety of heartfelt feelings for the female lord. It is clear that the other party’s mind is clear, but also the hot face of the female host’s cold ass, hiding the intelligence of the business, and the world’s male master. At first, the attitude towards the woman is quite cold and never changed.

"It seems like this." The ball continues to be reconsidered.

Su Shi’s forehead jumped a bit and said in a word: “So you are not going to explain, is this man’s IQ flaw reflected?”

The ball was suddenly asked by this question: "Yes... Yes, we are here to give the male anchor the IQ. Why do the men look normal in all aspects? Oh! I remember!"

"So?" Su said with a brow.

"It must be his leg. Maybe his IQ flaw is reflected in his leg, so he will suddenly be unable to walk when he is twenty-five." The ball thought it was the truth.

Su Shi would like to slap it to the window and let it shoulder with the zombie: "You can shut up."

The ball swayed and he felt that it was very reasonable. Otherwise, how could someone inexplicably lose his lower body and not check the reason?

Su Shi’s mind is still spinning, and his eyes are moved to the main task.

The main line task: in front of the man in the face of an attempt to attack the male lord's zombie head 100 times, each time the corpse of the corpse is restored to restore the male IQ 1%.

"..." Su Shi didn't want to say anything. He obviously could be a quiet and beautiful man who was forced to do so. The system had to force him to expose his nature. Is this really good?

The ball is also a bit aggressive, why does it have the main task of the world because it really doesn't know what to do, so just find one to make up the illusion of making up the number?

But even if the mind thinks so, this task is released by himself after all, and the ball has to be guilty: "This... this task is very simple, and... and it is very exciting..."

"I think you need to be stimulated more." Su Shi swayed his arm and prepared a position to slap his sleeves.

The ball was scared and quickly withdrew, crying and crying: "Hosting adults, I am really innocent."

Su Shi looked inexplicably and took a look at the ball. After shaking his arm, he slowly put his arm down: "Where is Song Yiming now?"

The ball immediately checked the plot line: "Now the end of the last three days, the man is still in the B city, but he should soon leave the crowded city B and go to the city to establish a base."

"Then we go directly to S City." Su Shi directly finalized the itinerary, only to find a lover, in order to show good love.

As for the hidden habits of the male lower body, Su Shi said that there are all kinds of panacea medicines in hand. This is completely trivial. Even if the man is not able to stand up in the lower body, he is confident that he will be cured.

Hey, it seems that there is something that is not quite right?

After making up his mind, Su Shi checked the parcel again. Except for the soul fragments that were ranked first, the rest were neatly arranged from the previous world.

Su Shi first glanced at the fragments of the soul. After carefully observing for a while, he wondered: "I wonder, how do I feel that the brightness of the fragments is the same as in the previous world?"

Generally, after completing the main task of the world, the brightness of the soul fragments will increase a little after entering the next world, but this time he can't see the difference at all.

The ball also came over and looked at it. It was probably not enough attention to the soul fragments. It didn't see anything. So "No? Maybe it was because the brightness was already very bright, so it didn't change much?" ”

Just a little difference in brightness, Su Shi could not return to the last world for comparison. After shrugging his shoulders, he turned his gaze to nearly a hundred kinds of remedies.

Huichun Dan, Zhai Dan, Li Li Dan, Yi Xing Dan, Qing Xin Dan, Pi Gu Dan, Condensed Dan... But in the last world, there are a lot of medicinal herbs, Su Shi have produced a lot, the number is much I can't even count myself.

As for the use of these medicinal herbs, it depends on the specific situation. As a result, he is an ordinary person who does not have a half-point ability. If you want to find a man by his own ability, he is almost not Possible thing.

But if the stagnation Dan is used, it can completely hide the breath of his body, so that the zombies can not detect his traces, and the safety is not improved a lot?

However, before these medicinal herbs were officially put into use, Su Shi also had to test the efficacy of the medicinal herbs. After all, the medicinal herbs brought from the Xianxia world must also follow the rules of the last world.

In the next three days, Su Shi almost medicinal Dan, which is completely harmless to the body and can easily detect the effect. After determining the effects of various kinds of medicinal herbs, Su Shi will embark on the road of finding a husband. .

There is a stagnation of Dan's efficacy. Su Shi alone walks through the community where there are zombies wandering around, and finds a modified off-road vehicle in the underground garage, and the ball is equipped with the car key.

On the seventh day of the end of the world, Su Shi was easily on the road under the guidance of the circular route navigator and the ball. On the road, he took a lot of zombies and passed by many teams. When he finally arrived at S City, it was already After six days.

At this time, Song Yiming’s base has just begun to be built. The base that has begun to take shape has been surrounded by heavy troops. No one can enter or leave at will. Under the end of the world, no one is expected to make fools out of it, but those who want to go in, but Quite a lot.

Su Shi swept his eyes on a pile of vehicles parked outside the base, and walked off the bus to the entrance: "I want to find Song Yiming, can you contact him and let him come out to pick me up?"

If Su Shi is directly asking for a request to go in, it is estimated that the warrior will be driven away directly, but he has mentioned a name that is unknown to the entire base, which makes several people at the entrance see Su Shi. A few eyes.

One of them, after communicating with his peers, solemnly asked: "What is your relationship with Mr. Song?"

"I am a lover who came from a previous life and wants to share the forefront with him." Su Shi smiled and said.

"..." The expressions of the four warriors are all stiff, and it feels like this person has a problem.

After saying this, Su Shi blinked and continued to smile: "I just made a joke. In fact, I am a doctor. I heard about the situation of Song Yiming. I am very interested, so I want to see him."

This sounds much more normal, although there is still some unreliable feeling: "I am sorry, now is a very special period, you may not be able to see Mr. Song for such reasons."

"Are you sure?" Su Shi calmly raised his eyebrows. "I know that you have your own responsibilities, but at least please contact Song Yiming to explain the current situation. After all, if you don't have a pair of easy-to-use legs. But it is a big loss. And, I am really not a liar."

The four people face each other. Although I feel that this person is like a liar, his attitude is too natural, and it is not quite like a liar.

"There is a big relationship. Please decide carefully." Su Shi calmly reminded him again.

The four people discussed it. In the end, they chose to contact Mr. Song to explain the situation. They used the internal communication tool to contact Song Yiming: "Mr. Song, hello, now someone outside the base said... Well, you want him to answer it? ?Ok."

Su Shi took over the communicator, and the corner of his mouth slowly evoked a pleasant arc: "Dear, I am coming to you."





 The communicator was silent for a few seconds before it came to a low-pitched magnetic voice: "So far, no one seems to be qualified to call me that."

"Isn't there now?" Su Shi couldn't help but sneer, and he couldn't quite see the way he had been running for six days in a row, and he couldn't see that he was in the cruel early days. .

There was another silence, and the other party spit out two words without any emotion: "Not necessarily."

Su Shi half body leaned on the iron gate of the road, and set up a posture for ten minutes of chat: "So what kind of person will Mr. Song's ideal 'dear' be? One meter seventy-five, short hair, but hair It's soft, it looks white and clean, but it's also a bit of a book, and it's thin, but it won't be weak. Is this probably?"

On the sidelines, the goalkeeper and the ball, while watching Su Shi with dead fish eyes: If our eyes are not broken, what you just described is your own appearance? We have never seen such a brazen man!

However, Song Yiming, who is opposite the communicator, has no interest in chatting with this unsuccessful person: "I can leave you the opportunity to say the last sentence."

Su Shi’s expression on his face suddenly turned into a faceless expression. Sure enough, even if the skill of the deaf person is full, he will also encounter hard swearing: “Mr. Song, I can cure your leg.”

"Yes?" Song Yiming's voice was very calm. He didn't know how many times he heard it, but every time the result was the same... let him down.

"Yes, or can it be changed to a certain, sure, and must be?" Su Shi said with a serious expression, "Mr. Song can rest assured that I never lie."

Song Yiming unscrupulously exposed Su Shi: "It seems that the first sentence you opened is lying."

Su Shi wiped her face and thought that I really didn't lie. I said, "It's not an example, absolutely."

The quiet time in this communicator was longer, and finally came a word: "Come in and see me."

"Okay, dear." Su Shi immediately smiled.

The four people who guarded the iron gate also heard this sentence. A numb face was placed very efficiently to arrange for a physical examination of Su Shi, and then sent to Song Yiming's residence.

Standing in front of a villa, Su Shi looked at her residence for a while in a good mood. As she looked up, she was seeing the black man sitting on the balcony on the second floor, and the pair of scorpions that were as sharp as the eagle.

Song Yiming was sitting in a wheelchair. When he saw the clean young man standing upstairs and looking up at himself, his heart beat fiercely and uncontrollably for no reason, but it was in a rage.

"Hello, my name is Jiang Yan, and there will be a lot in the future..." Su Shi smiled and waved at Song Yiming. Who knows halfway through, he saw the man upstairs shaking the wheelchair armrests blankly and turned into the house. It is.

It seems that this time the lover's temper is very cold, Su Shi casually put down his hand, his mouth reveals a meaningful smile, then lifted his foot and went to the villa.

This villa looks very ordinary. In fact, there are several layers of defense measures in the dark. Although the Su Shi has not encountered one layer, he listens to the ball in order to highlight his high-tech, and from the beginning to the end.

When Su Shi stood in the living room on the first floor, Song Yiming, who had just appeared on the balcony, was already sitting on the sofa. At this time, he was putting his hands on his lap, and his back was straight and he looked at Su Shi: "Jiang Jiang?"

"Yes, Mr. Song." Su Shi smiled slightly and sat down opposite Song Yiming.

Song Yiming’s brow, which has always been clean and can not tolerate other people’s own things, wrinkled uncontrollably, but finally did not say anything.

There seems to be something in my heart that naturally blocks the words he is about to export.

"Mr. Song, I can really cure your legs. Please be sure to believe me." Su Shi’s sincere face, because the original master had a delicate face with a few books, which made his expression look Extraordinarily convincing.

Song Yiming’s gaze swept up and down several times on Su Shi’s body. He did not say that he did not believe him, nor did he believe in him. He just said that he was not allowed to live in the room on the first floor. The first floor can be freely moved, but you cannot appear. On the second floor."

"Okay, listen to Mr. Song's arrangement." Su Shi's face is well-behaved, but my heart is thinking, I am afraid that it will not last a few days, dear, you will ask me to live on the second floor.

Explaining this incident, Song Yiming had to control the wheelchair to go back to the second floor. Su Shi followed up and stood up. He just wanted to put forward a proposal to send him up. The doorbell rang at this time.

Song Yiming opened the small display screen installed in the wheelchair. Su Shi also followed the past. Although it was not clear, it was indeed a young woman's face.

Su Shi frowned, and the ball helped him to confuse: "This is the fiancee of the world's male lord, Luo Zhenzhen."

"Is there anything?" Song Yiming did not directly open the door of the villa to let Luo Zhenzhen come in, but the voice was openly asked, which made the folds of Su Mei's eyebrows relieved a little.

Luo Zhen cherished the broken hair of Lijiaojiao, and the voice was soft and soft: "Ajin has already arranged it, so I came over to see you."

Luo Jinzhen’s “Ajin” is Song Yiming’s younger brother Song Yijin.

"No need." Song Yiming's attitude is still cold, Su Shi's brow is almost completely smoothed out.

Luo Zhenzhen wrinkled her eyebrows and bite her lips: "A Ming, I know that you have been alienating me for the sake of the body, but I have never really abandoned you. Can you not let me take care of you?" ?"

This is as if she has suffered a lot of grievances. In fact, if she really said this, it is indeed aggrieved, but in fact, before she said this, it was actually early. I got it together with Song Yijin.

What's more, these words are all in the dark to remind Song Yiming of the physical problems, rather than care about him, it is better to deliberately expose his scars.

Su Shi is the most vengeful person, especially the hatred that falls on his own lover. At the moment, he does not care about it. He directly speaks for Song Yiming: "This lady, I don't know what relationship you have with Mr. Song. However, if you really care about Mr. Song, you should not raise the issue with him at such a moment, because such a speech will only deepen the influence he has suffered."

Luo Zhenzhen apparently did not expect that there were other people in the house. She could not see the situation in the house. She had to correct her expression and said with a serious face: "I don't know the identity of this gentleman, but no matter who you are, How can I get along with Ah Ming? It should be our own business. I want to use the character of A Ming, and I will not want others to dictate it."

When her voice just fell, she listened to Song Yiming’s voice and said: "I think he said something, and your words really have a bad influence on me."

Although the mouth said so, but Song Yiming's deep written face is not affected by the traces of the slightest, Su Shi looked and thought that he wanted to laugh, is really happy smile.

In order to express his own happy mood, Su Shi introduced himself to himself: "I forgot to introduce myself to this lady. My name is Jiang Yan. It is the newly hired doctor of Mr. Song. I will ask the lady to take care of it in the future."

Luo Zhenzhen was angry first, then a glimpse: "Exclusive doctor?"

Why didn’t she know when Song Yiming hired such a person?

"Yes, from today, Jiang Yan is my exclusive doctor," Song Yiming glanced at Su Shi with a deep look. "I don't need your care here, you can go back."

At this time, Luo Zhenzhen was annoyed by such a stranger, and he was suspicious of the identity of this stranger. He did not have the heart to stay here. After a quick rush, Luo Zhenzhen turned and left.

After Luo Zhenzhen left, Su Shi smiled and walked to the front of Song Yiming, bent down and looked at him face to face: "Mr. Song, from today, I am your exclusive doctor, please take care."

After that, Su Shi extended his right hand to Song Yiming.

Song Yiming stared at Su Shi’s hand for a moment, then ruthlessly manipulated the wheelchair and turned to the second floor, leaving Su Shi’s look inexplicably staring at his right hand for a while because the hand was not enough. Looks good, or is it really a step backwards?

However, at least, Su Shi had successfully entered the villa and became the exclusive doctor of Song Yiming. He came to Japan and there is nothing to worry about now.

"Host adult, you can directly cure the man's legs, why not directly shoot?" See the man left, the ball ran out to ask the doubts in the heart.

Su Shi once again sat back on the sofa that was still spotless in the last days. She raised her eyebrows: "Although it is my family, it is not wrong, but after all, there is no previous memory. It seems that my deaf skills also have some immunity. If I expose my gold finger directly, what should I do if I calculate it?"

When I heard the ball, I felt that it was quite reasonable. It was about to praise the host for its long-term vision. He listened to the other party and continued: "Of course, the main reason is that the last time he was crushed by him is too bad, this time let He abstained for a while."

Although the lover of this world does not seem to be the kind of person who will be easily tempted, it is difficult to guarantee that he will not be suddenly impressed by his own charm, and he will be thrown up by the hungry wolf.

"..." I didn't want to say anything, and the ball flew silently into the corner to draw a circle.

Although Su Shi stayed with Song Yiming as a doctor, in the next few days, the two of them tacitly did not mention the treatment of leg problems until this day, Luo Zhenzhen came again, and this time. There is more than one person around her.

Su Shi looked at the young man standing next to Luo Zhenzhen on the display screen, slowly twitching his mouth, and the time of scumming is so fast?





 When Song Yijin and Luo Zhenzhen came in together, Su Shi was sitting in the opposite side of Song Yiming with a glass of freshly squeezed juice. He could enjoy a cup of freshly squeezed juice in the last days, but it was very rare in such a comfortable and quiet environment.

"Big Brother." Song Yijin saw Su Shi's moment, and the flash of the moment flashed a bit of surprise, but soon it converges. Luo Zhenzhen is more obvious, almost always with a shocked and awkward look at Su Shi .

At first, Su Shi thought that she was too handsome, and the other party would have this reaction until she saw that Song Yijin and Luo Zhenzhen did not sit down in the living room, but stood straight in the sofa, he returned. It’s too late.

It seems that they are strange and embarrassed, not their own looks, but they can actually sit on the sofa, but they can only stand this fact? Su Shi’s fingertips clicked on the wall and smiled slowly. This way of pulling hatred is really good.

Song Yiming, who was in a wheelchair, just nodded lightly, and then asked straightforwardly: "What are you looking for?"

Su Shi’s gaze turned between Song Yiming and Song Yijin. This is a straightforward attitude. This way, when you stand in my position, it looks really like a brother. It seems to be more like a superior or lower level.

At this moment, the atmosphere between the two people seems to be inconsistent with the description in the original plot.

In the original plot, although the relationship between Song Yiming and Song Yijin is not too close, at least on the surface it is a brother and brother, and Song Yiming is still trusting to this younger brother, otherwise it will not be easily counted by the other party.

So in front of this scene is his eyes, or is there really a problem?

"I just came to see my eldest brother. I have been working hard for the base in the past few days. I can't help much, so I always feel very embarrassed." Song Yijin did not directly mention Su Shi's affairs, but brought him first. Resentfully sighed. "If there is anything I can do to help you, my older brother must not be polite with me."

Song Yiming did not follow the routine, but he did not feel moved, but instead asked very politely: "What do you think you can do?"

Song Yijin was stunned, but his face was even more apologetic: "I blame me for being useless. I didn't even realize the ability to wake up. I am afraid I can only help the big brother to manage some trivial things inside the base."

Upon hearing this, Su Shi’s gaze flashed slightly. In the original plot, did Song Yijin not awaken the firepower at the beginning of the last days?

Su Shi’s eyes were shallow and he asked the round ball: “Do you feel that the development of the plot is not right?”

"It seems that it is not the same as the original plot, but I don't know what is going on. It is reasonable to say that before the host adults come to the world, the plot line should be based on the original plot." It is also a state of arrogance. It feels that it may be a fake system. Why is it more aggressive than its own host for tasks related to tasks?

Su Shi turned his eyes weakly, and there was such an unreliable system. No matter what variables, he could only find the answer himself.

Song Yijin just saw Su Shi’s expression, and frowned slightly: “I don’t know what the gentleman thinks about me?”

"There is no big opinion. I think that Mr. Xiao Song’s words are very interesting." Su Shi smiled a little, innocent and harmless.

Song Yijin’s forehead jumped slightly. What kind of ghost is “Mr. Xiao Song”?

"This gentleman's words are really interesting," Song Yijin said with a smile, and turned to ask Song Yiming. "Big brother, I listened to Jane before, and suddenly there is more than one exclusive doctor around the big brother. Is this the gentleman?" ?"

Song Yiming nodded in a cold attitude: "It is him. The base thing does not require you to worry about it for a while. If there is nothing else, you can go back."

Song Yijin’s words are clearly turning to the ground to ask what the so-called “exclusive doctor” is. Song Yiming’s half-word refuses to mention it. He is naturally not very happy, but he is not good at directly saying what is destroying himself. In the past, the words secretly gave Luo Zhenzhen a look.

Luo Zhenzhen pays attention and looks at the earth: "A Ming, where did Mr. Jiang come from? I have never seen him before?"

"My business, need to explain to you?" Song Yiming looked at Luo Zhenzhen coldly, and suddenly his temper broke out. "I don't want to see you now, you get out of me!"

Luo Zhenzhen was shocked. Song Yijin’s face was not very good-looking, but he knew very well about his brother’s temper. He didn’t dare to say anything at the moment, but he was concerned about the truth: “Since the big brother is not happy, then we will go back first. Big brother if..."

"Get out!" Song Yiming did not want to listen to a single sentence, directly interrupted Song Yijin's words.

Su Shi looked at Song Yiming. I didn't expect the lover of this world lover to be so moody. I still talked well in the last moment. The next moment, I was angry. Can he say that he actually likes such a character's lover? Because this setting sounds very sensational.

Song Yijin bit his teeth and had to leave with Luo Zhenzhen without saying a word. As for the purpose of his coming here, he did not reach it at all, but he was joke by a stranger.

Su Shi really did not laugh at Song Yijin, because he is now regretting that his scum plan has no chance to implement it.

After leaving the villa, Luo Zhenzhen couldn't help but anger: "Ajin, how long will we have to do this day? What is your virtue? You don't know, you have to let me go to him, I really are enough!"

Song Yijin’s face was also filled with haze. After a while, he softly comforted Luo Zhenzhen: “Quickly, this day will soon be over, and his good days will come to an end.”

“Really?” Luo Zhenzhen’s eyes flashed brightly. “But your big brother doesn’t trust us at all. Those people are only willing to listen to him. Do you really have a plan?”

"It sounds very difficult, but what if he is dead?" Song Yijin’s face showed a nearly twisted smile. As long as there is no Song Yiming in the world, everything will become beautiful.

Luo Zhenzhen stunned, his face was nervous and excited: "You can really... Yes, you are awakening the firepower now, and your big brother is just a waste..."

"Oh..." Song Yijin put his fingertips on his lips and whispered. "Some things you know, I know, why bother?"

Luo Zhenzhen looked at Song Yijin with his eyes brightly: "You can rest assured that there are no other people here, certainly no one else knows, but when are you going to do it? I really can't stand your big brother, his devil looks really It affects the mood!"

"The more you get to the point, the more you should be cautious. Don't worry," Song Yijin took a deep breath and his face was slowly calming down. "You still act like before, don't worry about him." How do you feel about you, do you know?"

Luo Zhenzhen reluctantly nodded. "I know, but you know very well that no matter what I do, he can't give me a good face."

"Reassure, this will soon be over." Song Yijin applauded to take Luo Zhenzhen's shoulder.

However, it is impossible to know this thing only, you know what I know, because there is also an advanced intelligent system called the ball in this world.

After learning this shocking secret, the ball can't wait to share it with its own host immediately, but Su Shi is now flirting with Song Yiming.

“Mr. Song doesn’t like other people sitting on the sofa?” Su said with a smile.

Song Yiming’s look is somewhat ambiguous: “I just don’t like what others touch me.”

"But I am sitting on the sofa now, isn't Mr. Song not driving me away?" Su Shi's hand stroking on the soft sofa, smiling even more happily.

Song Yiming was silent, and he did not understand it. Why is his tolerance for this person so high? This is not in line with his personality.

"If you want to leave, you can go straight." After a half silence, Song Yiming only spit out this sentence.

Su Shi immediately shook his head, a serious and authentic: "I feel that staying with Mr. Song is very good, or do not go."

Song Yiming licked his lips. He did not want to admit that when he heard this sentence, his heartbeat accelerated in an uncontrolled manner: "I am going upstairs."

"Wait a minute, I still have a problem," Su Shi shook his hand and saw Song Yiming stop the action, only to tentatively continue. "Just the beautiful lady, should it be Mr. Song's fiancee?"

"Fiancée?" Song Yiming's eyebrows moved, and his sharp eyes immediately stared at Su Shi. "I don't seem to have such a person around me, and...is she beautiful?"

Su Shi’s heart is very strange, and laughing at her lover seems to have caught some of the wrong points, but she just smiled embarrassedly on the face: “Sorry, I just worried that I would have no chance, so I have this question, I heard. If you answer like this, I will be relieved."

Song Yiming inexplicably wants to ask, is the "opportunity" he said is the same as he understands, but after a short while, he finally went away without saying anything.

Sending away Song Yiming, the ball that is almost unstoppable immediately came out: "Hosting adults, I just heard that Song Yijin was discussing with Luo Zhenzhen to kill the man, this is terrible!"

"But why do I think your tone is full of excitement?" Su Shi gave the ball a blank eye and analyzed it in his heart.

The current plot line is very wrong. Although the end of the world is still coming in step by step, Song Yiming has indeed come to S City from City B, and initially established a base, but many places are very wrong.

The relationship between Song Yiming and Song Yijin has changed a lot. Luo Zhenzhen is no longer the fiancee of Song Yiming. Even the character exhibited by the male lord is different from the original plot. This is absolutely impossible because of his own crossing. The butterfly effect that is triggered.

So what is the problem?

"I... I am not very excited?" The ball swayed up and down the body, and there was a lack of confidence in the voice. "I just think that this is a great opportunity. It is very suitable for the host to play the hero to save the hero." ""

"Is it?" Su Shi said with a sigh of relief, and his mind has begun to expand. There is such a plot, is the story itself that has gotten a problem, or is there a problem with a certain person in the world? Or are there other external factors in the world?

But no matter what the reason, at least the results it produces are very popular, and the lover has no hateful fiancee. Isn't that a wonderful thing?





 Although Song Yijin said that he wanted to kill his own brother, he was not a reckless temper, and he was used to being cautious. Although the arrival of the last world made him awaken his abilities, he also brought him great convenience and not small. Ambition, but since Song Yiming can establish this base with one hand, it is obviously not a good deal. If you don't plan carefully, who can laugh at the end is not necessarily.

Song Yi Jin thought about it and finally got his idea on Su Shi.

From the perspective of Song Yiming, how can a stranger who is suddenly on his side who is unclear, how can he not doubt and prepare?

From the perspective of Jiang Yan, as a person who did not have any intersection with Song Yiming, he went straight to Song Yiming in the early days of the last days and became his exclusive doctor. If there is no conspiracy, who would believe?

Anyway, Song Yijin did not believe it, so he directly asked people to stare at Su Shi and successfully created an "encounter" on the second day.

"It’s a coincidence that you met Mr. Jiang here, are you also coming here for a walk?" Song Yijin raised his eyebrows in a strange way, and then greeted him with a good attitude.

Su Shi also cooperated with him and slammed his arm and said: "I came here to exercise, although I am just an ordinary person, but now it is the end of the world, it is necessary to keep fit."

"Mr. Jiang can think so well, unlike me, because it is really boring, he will come out and walk." Song Yijin said, his face has already revealed a deep sense of desolateness, and put a "I Very thoughtful, you have to come to me and ask me to tell you."

Su Shi is not convinced of Song Yijin’s gesture of doing this. If it is not for using his own small scheme, Su Shi really is too lazy to take care of him.

"Mr. Xiao Song shouldn't be very busy at ordinary times? Is there even a boring time?" Su Shi raised her eyebrows in a strange way and didn't seem to believe it.

Song Yijin sighed softly: "Yes, I also feel that in this situation, when you should not be bored, just..."

Speaking of this, Song Yijin looked at Su Shi with some hesitation, and seemed to be hesitant to continue.

"Mr. Xiao Song seems to be reluctant to continue to talk about it," anyway, knowing that the other party will complete the words, Su Shi took the opportunity to open the satirical skills, smiling with a smile, "Since I did not think from the beginning If you want to finish the words, then Mr. Xiao Song will not open this mouth next time, because it is very annoying to look like this."

Song Yijin was stunned and his face became a bit ugly. He took a deep breath and smiled. "Mr. Jiang misunderstood. I didn't mean it. I just worried that if something is said directly, it will give Mr. Jiang brings trouble."

"Isn't this the same reason? Since you have to say something, you should think about all the problems first. If you say this in half, then it is not a pretense or something?" Su Shi frowned and continued unceremoniously. "Mr. Xiao Song will go back and think about the problem first. Let me talk to me again."

After all, Su Shi turned and left, Song Yijin bit his teeth, and stopped calling him: "Mr. Jiang please wait."

"Do you have anything to say to Mr. Xiao Song?" Su Shi gave him a look.

Although Song Yijin’s face is still difficult, his tone is firm: “I want to remind Mr. Jiang, let you be careful, because my older brother, he...he may not be a very good person.”

"Oh? How do you say this?" Su Shi asked an eyebrow.

Song Yijin said with deep expression: "Since Mr. Jiang will appear here, should I already know something about my older brother? He is indeed a very powerful person. I have always admired him very much, but... his temper It made me feel very distressed and helpless, because no matter how close he is, he can't give any trust, even to me. He doesn't seem to have the ability to trust others. This makes me worry. ”

“Is it?” Su Shi continued to slowly lick her arm, but her eyes had slipped to the bushes planted on one side.

"Mr. Jiang should have seen it before. Even when I went to see my eldest brother, I could only stand and talk to him. Even when I used to look at him, I was often stopped by him. His subordinates also This is the case," Song Yijin immediately clarified himself after pouring dirty water on his brother. "I said this, there is really no other meaning. I just want to give Mr. Jiang a goodwill. I am of course very I hope that my older brother can have more people who can worry about him. It’s just a big brother’s sex. It’s really too difficult.”

"So you said so many bad things about your pro-big brother in front of me, the purpose is to give me a wake up?" Su Shi smiled and looked up and down Song Yijin. "It seems that Mr. Xiao Song's temper is not only awkward, but also Very despicable, even trying to use this way to separate the relationship between me and your big brother, Mr. Xiao Song is really painstaking."

Song Yijin blinked his eyes in an instant. He really never saw such a person who did not follow the routine. Isn’t it just interested in his own words? How did he just finish his words and he changed his face directly?

"I really don't mean this. I don't have it..." Song Yijin shook his head and tried to deny and defend. But how could Su Shi give him a chance?

"It is said that I am worried about my big brother, but I have said that the other person has become a cold-blooded person with no feelings. Mr. Xiao Song’s concern is really special," Su Shi’s expression is full of the maintenance of his lover. He even directly moved some kind of logic of God. "Mr. Song is obviously such a good person. You can't let him look at it differently. It must be your fault. You dare to push the responsibility to him. It is really It’s too damn!”

The ball that is silently onlookers can't stand up anymore. Hosting adults, you are so unreasonable, do you know the male master?

In fact, he really knows, because Song Yiming was sitting in a wheelchair and hiding in the bushes. He heard Su Shi’s words, his eyes were bright, and his heartbeat was completely uncontrollable.

On the other hand, Song Yijin, he was almost crying by Su Shi’s words. He really never saw such a person who did not follow the routine and was particularly unreasonable!

"I really don't have..." Song Yijin turned his eyes and wanted to speak, but was once again ruthlessly interrupted.

"You don't have to argue, anyway, no matter what you say and do, I will never believe it," Su Shi said with a cold voice and a solemn expression. "In my mind, Mr. Song is the most perfect in the world." People, before the end of the world, I have been paying attention to him. Although I know that I am just an ordinary person who is no ordinary, it is impossible to reach such a great person like Mr. Song, but this does not affect me to admire him silently."

The ball is going to be stunned by Su Shi’s affectionate and a bit disgusting. Why does it have such a brazen host? It’s okay, it’s going to spit for a while!

Someone hiding in the bushes couldn’t help but clenched the armrests of the wheelchair. Their eyes flashed straight and stared at Su Shi. One heart was “plopping” and “plopping”. I almost have to jump out of my chest.

Su Shi did not seem to realize that he was so intoxicating. He continued to be affectionately in his mouth: "So after the end of the world, I learned that Mr. Song established this base in S City, and I kept on it for a while. I rushed over, so that I can see more of Mr. Song. If I can be lucky enough to stay with him, I will die without regrets!"

Song Yijin, who just wanted to speak for himself, after listening to these words, his expression is incomparably complicated. Is he inexplicably traversing into the brain-dead romance? But why do people who say these brains and words are actually a man?

Song Yijin has no idea to defend himself for a little bit. He just wants to be quiet now.

After finishing these lines of brain damage, Su Shi was satisfied with the look of his heart, with a strong condemnation: "Even me, who has never had the opportunity to contact Mr. Song before, is willing to trust him and follow him, but As a younger brother of Mr. Song, you will try to destroy him in front of a stranger. Does your conscience not hurt?"

"Oh." Song Yijin felt that his eyes and ears were more painful than his own conscience. He was already stunned.

"And just your words are obviously problematic. You said that even your younger brother, when you meet Mr. Song, can only stand and talk." Perfectly published the brainwashing theory, Su Shi smiled slightly, "but Have you forgotten? I was sitting on the sofa at the time."

The ball that just spit back in a circle, just heard the words of Su Shi, and suddenly had the desire to leak data. This cliff is not the host of it, this is simply the demon from the brain!

And... the host said so much, in fact, the focus is on the show of the last sentence, right? The host's mind is so good to guess, the ball once felt that he is also very smart. Hehe.

"Since Mr. Xiao Song is so disliked by his brother, then Mr. Xiao Song will not continue to rely on Mr. Song’s asylum life. Isn’t the base already published a set of rules for living in the base? Mr. Xiao Song may wish to In accordance with such rules, they are self-sufficient. After all, relying on Mr. Song to obtain a more comfortable life, while smashing Mr. Song in the back, such a faction is very incompetent." After all the words were finished, Su Shi finally Throw a satirical skill.

Song Yijin was beaten by Su Shi's Lianzhu gun, and he wanted to expose his abilities. However, he still had a trace of reason and forcibly resisted the urge to break through the top.

"If Mr. Xiao Song has nothing else, then I will take a step first," Su Shi walked step by step. When he passed away with Song Yijin, he stopped again and finally added, "Small Song is assured. From now on, I will be with Mr. Song, and I will take care of him."





 After hiding in the bushes, Song Yiming squinted and left Su Shi to leave, until the other person’s figure disappeared completely in sight. Song Yiming removed the hand from the wheelchair armor because of excessive force and then cleaned him. Lisuo called his own subordinate Zhu Cheng.

"From this moment on, Song Yijin and Luo Zhenzhen have no relationship with me. If they want to stay at the base, they will act according to the rules of the base, otherwise they will go out directly." Song Yiming’s voice was cold and underground.

Zhu Cheng’s gaze flashed slightly. Although he was confused by this sudden command, he was still reluctant to understand the boss’s temper. He immediately responded without asking anything: “Yes, I will immediately announce this. Go out."

After Song Yiming’s fingertips were clicked on the handrail of the wheelchair, he said: “If anyone in the base dares to pass the gossip of Jiang’s, go out directly, without leaving any feelings.”

There is no need to leave any feelings, that is to say, no matter what the identity of the person who made the kind of thing, for any reason, do not have to pay attention.

This order is quite different from Zhu Cheng. It is no exaggeration to say that since he followed Song Yiming, he has seen his boss for the first time to maintain this level. However, this person is still only an unknown source. Ordinary people.

Zhu Cheng secretly remembered this person, but did not dare to show any abnormality on his face: "Yes, I wrote down."

After explaining these two things, Song Yiming was silent for a while, and then he uttered the third sentence: "The things that were called for you to check before, do not have to continue to investigate."

"Yes." Wen Yan, Zhu Cheng once again deepened the awe of Jiang Yan, because he is very clear about what Boss asked him to investigate before, it is about this person.

If it is before the end of the world, boss wants to investigate the background information of an ordinary person, but it is a matter of a few minutes, but now the information network is close to the embarrassment, the more common the identity of the respondents, the more difficult it is to investigate.

When Boss issued this order before, he arranged a manpower to investigate, and it was almost a result. Now, because of the boss, the work he has to do has changed from checking the information to destroying the data.

Since Boss values ​​this person so much, his information can't fall into the hands of others. Zhu Cheng has his own set of standards for exploring the implication of Song Yiming. Although it happens occasionally, it is effective in most cases.

After explaining these things, Song Yiming left Zhu Cheng and went back to the villa. Zhu Cheng did not want to help push Song Yiming back, but the boss never allowed anyone to approach him. If he did, he did. It will die very badly.

Just don't know the young man named Jiang Yan, can you let the boss break this extreme rule?

When Song Yiming returned to the villa, he saw Su Shi sitting in the living room drinking juice. Seeing him coming in, Su Shi picked up his eyebrows in a strange way: "Mr. Song will actually go out, which is really surprising. ""

If this is what other people said, I am afraid that it was directly killed by Song Yiming, but at this time, after listening to Su Shi’s words, Song Yiming unexpectedly found that he did not feel unhappy at all, but when he came home, The warm feeling of waiting for someone.

It feels very wrong. Song Yiming frowned and became more and more confused about what happened to this person. The impact this person brought to him was too big and complicated.

"If Mr. Song doesn't want to talk to me, then I will go back to the house first." Just witnessed the scene of his secret confession to him, the impact of the lover's heart is certainly not small, Su Shi is very considerate to leave him thinking about life. The time and space of big things.

"Wait." Song Yiming unexpectedly opened his mouth.

Su Shi raised her eyebrows and looked at Song Yiming. She smiled and said: "Do you have anything to say to Mr. Song?"

Song Yiming glanced at Su Shi and immediately removed his gaze. I wonder if I just heard some words. At the moment, the other person said that it is unusual, but he always hears an unusual strange taste. Really because this person has become very wrong.

If Su Shi knows Song Yiming’s thoughts at this time, he will once again open a Su Shi science lecture to answer the detailed knowledge about “brain supplement”. Fortunately, he does not know, because he will definitely follow the science. By the way, open a daily classroom to attack.

Song Yiming coughed twice and his voice was low: "When are you going to start treating my legs?"

Hearing the words, Su Shi’s performance was both strange and pleasant, and his heart was already happy. It seems that he’s just had a wonderful performance. The lover has completely trusted him so quickly: “Mr. Song If you like, I can start treatment at any time."

"Then start from as soon as possible." Song Yiming hammered the sound.

"Okay," Su Shi put down the juice and looked at Song Yiming with his eyes bright. The speed of speech was faster than usual. "I have seriously considered the treatment plan for Mr. Song, because Mr. Song’s legs have not been for a long time. Intuition, it takes a lot of effort and time to treat it, but I can guarantee that I can definitely cure your legs. Please believe me!"

Song Yiming’s gaze fell on Su Shi again. After a while, he slowly spit out four words: “I believe in you.”

Rather than believing in Su Shi, it is better to say that Song Yiming believes in his inner feelings.

He never believed in anyone, because from the time he remembered, he almost instinctively felt alienated, repulsive, disgusted, and even felt the danger of being everywhere. This made his temperament somewhat biased and young. Excessive introversion, but also let his emotions have been in a negative silence.

This situation, when he was twenty-five years old, suddenly became instinct after his legs suddenly lost their instincts, and even made him form an extreme personality of tyrannical and moody.

Although he does not want to admit it, sometimes he really can't control his emotions. He hates this feeling, but he doesn't suppress the emotions that might completely devour him, because his world is gray. So, no matter what hurts yourself or hurts others, what is the difference?

No one knows that Song Yiming, who was regarded as a demon, has even suffered self-harm more than once.

He is jealous of others, and he is jealous of himself. He even thinks that he is alive or dead. Is there no difference at all?

But it seems that there is a difference. Even if there is no difference, Song Yiming’s heart is still reminding him somewhere. He must live and must live.

The ridiculous and sad thought of this completely unconceived idea, but he still lived to the present, and the idea that he was crushed in his heart from the beginning has not completely disappeared.

I thought it would have been buried, and it was thick and dusty. Even he wouldn’t remember it anymore, but when he received the phone that was completely unexpected, he heard the smile. It seemed as if a gust of wind had blown through the bottom of my heart, blowing away the old dust of the stack, and reminding him of the emotion he thought he had been disgusting.

Fortunately, I am still alive. When the voice came, his mind was almost blank. In that short time, the only thing he could think of in a blank was that he only had this sentence.

"Mr. Song?" Su Shi said two words, waited for a while, and did not see the lover's response, so he had to find out his body and reach out and shake in front of him.

Song Yiming woke up from his thoughts, and his right hand held the hand that was swaying in front of his own eyes, and then held it tightly. Although the next moment he immediately noticed the abnormality of his actions, but when the other party’s palm The temperature is passed on to his own hands, and he is not willing to let go anyway: "What have you just said?"

"There is nothing, just to say my treatment plan," Su Shi allowed Song Yiming to hold his hand and leaned against him. "I think that with Mr. Song's current situation, it should be taken internally and in accordance with the two-pronged approach. will be better."

"Is the internal and external press?" Although it is a very serious topic to discuss, Song Yiming’s eyes are like a whirlpool, and he is very tightly wrapped around Su Shi. His emotions are rarely leaked, but once they pop up, they will become It's hard to suppress it back.

"Yes, it is taking medicine, plus massage," where Su Shi would not notice the gaze of Song Yiming's surging, but he pretended not to feel anything, but instead used a correct attitude to press twice on Song Yiming's leg. "Your legs haven't been active for a long time. If you want to recover, it's best to stick to the massage every day from now on. Mr. Song rest assured that my skills in this area are great."

Pressing it, you may be able to stand up directly. Of course, the place you stand up may not be the right leg.

"Yes." Song Yiming nodded, his heart was a little worried, and he thought a little sweetly, even if he couldn't understand why he would be so special to this person, but if it was him, I am afraid that no matter what he asked for himself, Will you nod your own?

When you encounter the only redemption in your life, even if it is highly toxic, it will be worth it.

Su Shi immediately showed a happy expression, and some could not wait to be authentic: "So let's start now?"

Song Yiming did not expect that things would progress so fast. He thought that the other party should at least prepare, but since he had already made a decision, it seems that it was not so important at the beginning, and I don’t know why. At this moment, he listened to this, and he It began to fluctuate wildly.

"Yes, let's get started now." Song Yiming clenched the wheelchair arm, the expression on his face was still deep and indistinguishable, and the heart was almost coming out.

For this reason, when Su Shi suddenly pulled back his hand and put both hands under his armpits and picked him up, Song Yiming did not return to the whole person, and waited for him to squint completely from the eyes. When I was awake in a forced state, I heard Su Shi’s voice spurt into his ear with a warm breath: “Mr. Song, I have already picked you up, now you can take off your pants.”





 "Take off... Pants?" Song Yiming was completely forced again, and his body was stiff. He dared to guarantee that this was the first time he had revealed this expression in his life.

Su Shi’s voice was extremely calm, and even it was justified: “Yes, Mr. Song took off his pants, I can help you massage your legs.”

It turned out to be a massage. For a time, Song Yiming’s heart didn’t know whether he was relieved or sighed, but then he woke up and wanted to reach out and push Su Shi, but he was held tighter by the other side. In the state of being attached to the body through the fabric, Song Yiming quickly developed a layer of fine sweat. He bit his teeth: "You let me go!"

"Mr. Song don't move," Su Shi smiled very happy in the place where Song Yiming couldn't see it. The curvature of his mouth was high, but he deliberately said something wronged. "If Mr. Song really does not want me to let me If you help you massage, I will not force you, but I really only think about Mr. Song’s body."

This made Song Yiming, who was already rigid, not even know how to act. If he followed his previous temperament, he should be unceremoniously pushing Su Su directly, but now he is determined to do so.

"You put me down first." Song Yiming secretly took a deep breath, even the sounds were blunt.

The tone of the lover was too serious. Su Shi had to sigh and carefully put Song Yiming back in the wheelchair. He also helped him adjust his leg position. Naturally, some physical contact was inevitable. Song Yiming, who had never experienced such a thing. Being tossed is getting smoke on the head.

"Mr. Song, I know that you may not like the touch of others, but if you want the massage to achieve the best results, you must take off your pants," Su Shi has already put away the smirk on his face. Half a sigh in front of Song Yiming, looking at him seriously and conspicuously. "I just hope that Mr. Song's legs can be cured as soon as possible. That's all."

Su Shi’s gaze was too sincere and filled with expectations. Song Yiming refused even if he was in his heart. He couldn’t utter a cruel word on his mouth. Silence for a while, he just squinted and said: “Let me consider first. a bit."

"Well, I am very much looking forward to Mr. Song's answer." Su Shi's face was clearly filled with loss, but still pretending to make a strong smile.

Song Yiming barely dared to look at his expression and hurriedly dragged the wheelchair back to the room.

When Song Yiming's figure disappeared at the corner of the stairs, the smile on Su Shi's face disappeared without a trace. With his insight, it was already obvious that the lover had just been wrong.

It is not like a simple rejection, but rather a dodge and struggle.

"Help me to transfer the monitoring video of Song Yiming, I want to see him." Su Shi said to the fairway.

The silly and sweet ball of the property did not find any abnormality. I only thought that my own host wanted to peek into the man’s daily routine, and to seek some welfare for herself. I made a high-tech virtual display in the room of Su Shi’s room. Hanging on the wall on one side, the real-time situation of Song Yiming is played inside.

Back to the room, Song Yiming sat on the balcony for a while, his eyes were dark and unclear, and his body revealed a strong dark atmosphere. After nearly half an hour, he returned to the room from the balcony and turned to Into the bathroom.

There was a big mirror hanging on the wall on the left side of the bathroom. When Song Yiming entered, he turned his head and turned his eyes. Even if he had calmed down for a while, the emotions in those eyes were still complicated and extreme. Song Yiming stared. I looked at my eyes for a moment and suddenly reached out and covered my eyes.

If Jiang Yan sees this kind of appearance, he will be scared to escape from here immediately?

Song Yiming looked up and thought that the corner of his mouth evoked a satirical and bitter arc, but it was because of this thought that when he put his hand down, all the emotions in his eyes had been suppressed, leaving only a deep squat.

Su Shi, who has been watching the lover's movement, has been sore and painful after seeing this scene. Like a needle, he can't help but think about what kind of life his lover had before he came to the world. ?

According to the theoretical basis given by the sphere, although the lover is a very special existence, in each mission world, he belongs to a native who is born and raised, and he will not be tasked until he appears in the corresponding mission world. Impact.

But in fact, there are many places that are not in line with the theory. For example, in the second mission world, the things that the villas collected by Qi Chen, such as the world, have completely gone wrong.

Just as Su Shi thought about this problem, Song Yiming had already removed his hand from his eyes and then reached out and slowly untied his belt.

Su Shi immediately put away her thoughts, and her eyes immediately condensed into the hands of her lover. Thinking about life is still to be considered later. The most important thing now is to appreciate the beauty in front of me.

Because of the inconvenience of the lower body, Song Yiming's movements are very slow, and it seems to be a little embarrassing, but Su Shi is still completely attracted attention, and his body is a little feverish, but soon his interest is given by a basin of ice water. Poured.

Because with Song Yiming's legs slowly revealing, an ugly scar was also reflected in Su Shi's eyes, so that the light in his eyes gradually extinguished, turning into a dignified and deep fog.

Song Yiming’s gaze is also falling on his own legs. This pair of legs has not become too thin and pale because of sputum, but because these artificial scars become abnormal and ugly.

For the first time, Song Yiming regretted his actions. At the beginning, he thought that no matter how he treated his body, it didn't matter. Now, he sees these scars and it is unsightly.

Also feel that such scars are extremely unsightly, and there is Su Shi in the room on the first floor. He is very clear about his identity in this world, so after shocking, he immediately guessed who was the person who caused these scars.

When I think of my lover in this world, I don’t care for my body, and even create a pain for myself. Su Shi especially wants to rush to hit his **** directly!

But thinking about it, Su Shi still held his fist and held back, even though his heart was extremely angry and distressed, but his behavior at this time was considered a voyeuristic, this is a move that is not allowed on the table, if it is exposed, it is inevitable.

Thinking of this, Su Shi looked at the display again and came to Japan. One day, he would let his lover deeply remember that no matter what he is not around, there are things that he can never do.

Song Yiming, who had already taken off his pants, struggled in the mirror for a long time, and took a shower in a complicated mood before finally making a decision. Since he has chosen him, no matter how uncomfortable he was, he should be honestly displayed in that person. In front of.

Song Yiming, who made up his mind, quickly re-dressed and dragged the wheelchair to Su Shi’s door. Just as he raised his hand and prepared to ring the other’s door, the door was suddenly pulled from the inside.

"Ah, how is Mr. Song here?" Su Shi saw Song Yiming, and picked up his eyebrows in a strange way. "I just have something to say to Mr. Song."

Song Yiming licked his lips: "What?"

"I just went back to the house and studied it. Although I don't take off my pants, the effect will be discounted, but the impact will not be too big. Since Mr. Song is so..." Su Shi smiled and spoke, only halfway through the words, he was Song Yiming’s low voice was interrupted.

"Take off your pants." Song Yiming sighed. Listening to his tone, he said it was like "killing him." Sure enough, it is a big slap, even if this kind of line can be said to be so decisive.

If it is for Su Shi to take off his pants in front of Song Yiming, this must be a very interesting thing, but now it is a tormenting thing for Song Yiming to take off his pants in front of Su Shi.

Although Su Shi has become accustomed to the lover of his own family, he will not do anything that does not consider the feelings of the other party completely: "I really don't have to, even if it is through the pants, my technique is very good."

"No, I have already decided, or take off my pants." Song Yiming looked seriously at Su Shi, and made a decision.

The lover has spoken to this level. What can Su Shi say? He shrugged and smiled helplessly: "Okay, take off your pants."

The ball from the side of the circle has already been ignorant of what kind of expressions are coming. Do you really think that this dialogue sounds very strange? With such a serious tone, I can't talk about the problem of trousers. Well, this is really a protagonist.

After discussing this serious problem, the two started the first massage treatment that night.

Song Yiming stretched his face and took off his trousers, leaving only a black underpants. In the process, his eyes had been secretly falling on Su Shi’s face, not only afraid of his disgusting look, but also did not want him to sympathize with himself. Time is very complicated.

However, contrary to Song Yiming's surprise, Su Shi was always smiling with a smile. Although at a certain moment, she had revealed a strange color, but she quickly recovered as usual, neither disgusting nor compassionate. Just like nothing is seen.

This just the right response did not make Song Yiming breathe a sigh of relief, but some heart plugged up. After all, can such a reaction be made, should it really not care?

Sure enough, sometimes it is so difficult to meet.

"Mr. Song please lie down, I am going to start massaging for you." Su Shi sat on the edge of the large sofa, his eyes swept on the lap of his lover, although the legs could not move early, but the two legs looked It is still strong, beautiful, and full of power. This may be the embodiment of the world's rules for the protagonist's preference.

Song Yiming squatted tightly on the sofa and licked his lips: "You can start."

Su Shi applied the massage blood-activating props that allowed the ball to be redeemed from the system mall to Song Yiming’s legs, and then his hands began to intimately contact Song Yiming’s legs. He began to massage from the soles of his feet, all the way through the ankles, calves and knees. Bend, and finally swim to the thigh... root.

Song Yiming does not seem to have any reaction, but in fact he has already sweated. Although his legs can't move, he has always been conscious. Otherwise, he would not choose his legs when he used to abuse himself. .

Now my legs are held in the palm of my hand, and I am swaying back and forth. The feeling of numbness spreads all over the body, but his legs have no reaction ability. Instead, he is somewhere in the lower body and has begun uncontrollably. It’s hot.

Fortunately, I am now squatting. Song Yiming can't help but think about it at the same time. Who knows the next moment, Su Shi patted his thigh and smiled and said: "Mr. Song, please turn over, I I want to help you massage the front."





 The sweat of Song Yiming instantly came out again, and his voice was even more magnetic than usual: "You don't have to be in front, press again next time."

The lower body has long since disappeared, but it is so active in some places, it is simply lost.

Su Shi’s heart was broken, but the face was just as authentic: “How can this be done? Since it has already started to massage, it’s always necessary to press the position before and after. Since Mr. Song has even taken off his pants, why should he still be in such a small matter? What is the calculation?"

How can I listen to this question is not right, but the description seems to be true. Song Yiming squatted for a while before he barely said: "I am not very comfortable, let's continue next time."

Su Shi nervously asked: "Where is Mr. Song uncomfortable? Is it just uncomfortable to press the place? I just forgot to tell Mr. Song that if there is any discomfort during the massage, it is necessary to tell me in time. ”

"No," Song Yiming's voice is quite a bit of a gnashing tooth. How can he say such awkward questions? "You don't want to ask again, this time the massage will stop here."

Although Su Shi didn't want to swear at all times, she also understood the truth. When Song Yiming was asked to be somewhat annoyed, he sighed in a lost tone: "Well, if Mr. Song has any discomfort afterwards." Please tell me in time, don't be alone."

"I will." Song Yiming took a deep breath and tried to suppress the double impact of both physical and mental.

Su Shi took three bottles of red, yellow and green from her pocket and put it on the coffee table in the living room: "Mr. Song, this is the medicine I specially configured for you. The medicine in the red and green bottles is used to regulate the body. Take one daily, Mr. Song can take it every morning. As for the medicine in the yellow bottle, it is used to treat Mr. Song’s legs. After taking it, it may cause great side effects in a short time. It is best for Mr. Song to take it when he is fully prepared."

In the red bottle, Huichun Dan is used to supplement Song Yiming with blood and enhance physical fitness.

In the green bottle, Qingxin Dan is used to adjust Song Yiming's emotions and clear the heart's stagnation.

As for the yellow bottle, it is a washing marrow, which can directly treat Song Yiming's legs, and can also remove all the dark injuries in his body.

In fact, Su Shi did not want to help Song Yiming to cure his legs so quickly. One of them did have the idea of ​​letting the lover ban for a few days. Secondly, he also wanted to take this opportunity to sing a lover, but before he saw Song Yiming’s leg. After the injury, and his state in his room, Su Shi changed his mind.

He can't let his lover continue to rise and fall in such an extremely negative state because of his selfishness. Everything has a bottom line. After that line, good taste will become a torture to each other.

What's more, his deaf skills are full, even if the situation changes, Su Shi still firmly believes that with his deaf technology, he can definitely smash his lover, of course, the person who is finally crushed may be himself. That's it.

Song Yiming turned his head and looked at the three bottles of medicine on the coffee table. There was no emotion: "I know."

Su Shi, who is determined to continue to swear, asked: "Does Mr. Song need me to take you to a wheelchair and send it back to the room? After all, being massaged will also consume physical strength."

"No, you can go back to the room first." Song Yiming's ear tip was suspiciously red.

"That's okay." Su Shi shrugged and walked away from the front swaying eyes and swept on Song Yiming's thigh.

It was confirmed that Su Shi had returned to the house. Song Yiming took a deep breath and climbed up from the sofa as quickly as possible, returned to the wheelchair, and quickly picked up the medicine and fled with a bow.

Poor Song Yiming did not know that his actions were all stolen by Su Shi. It was rare to see the lover’s so cute look. At this time, Su Shi was falling down on the bed and laughing, but the next moment, he I can't laugh.

Because Song Yiming adjusted the state after returning to the room, he immediately took the yellow medicine bottle, and almost swallowed the only one of the medicines.

This unhesitating move allowed Su Shi to sit up straight and wash his body. He had taken it before, although the effect was not as good as that in the world of Xianxia, ​​but it can really improve the body function, but only side effects. Some are big.

Song Yiming entered the toilet immediately after taking the medullary dan for ten minutes. After half an hour, he did not come out smoothly. When he finally got rid of this state and came out of the toilet, Su Shi’s eyes flashed slightly. a bit.

The effect of washing the marrow should be immediate, but why is the lover still in a wheelchair when he comes out?

Su Shi’s heart raised a not too good premonition. He stared at his fist and stared at his lover’s movements until he saw his lover struggling to move his lower body, and then barely sat down on the bed, his heart suddenly sinking.

Why can't even cure the legs of the lover?

"The ball." Su Shi quietly called the ball.

The ball immediately floated in from the outside. When the host sneaked into the man's daily life, the ball was consciously avoided. Even when it entered the house, its gaze was not seen on the display: "Host owner, what do you have to order?"

"Just Song Ming has already taken the marrow wash, but he still can't stand up. What is going on?" Su Shi's expression is very serious. The washing of the marrow has obviously affected Song Yiming's body, but he can't cure him. Legs, what does this mean?

The ball was also stunned, and then a detailed scan of Song Yiming’s body was carried out immediately. He said: “Stay... hosted, I just checked the body of the man, and his physical condition has indeed been greatly Improvement, but... but his legs still seem to be the same, I, I, I... I don’t know what’s going on, obviously the effect of washing the marrow should be able to treat his leg problems... ”

The thoughts in my heart were proved by facts, and Su Shi’s expression became more and more dull. If he couldn’t cure his lover’s legs even if he had to wash the marrow, wouldn’t he really be destined to stand up in his life?

But what is the reason for this?

When Song Yiming’s legs suddenly lost consciousness at the age of twenty-five, they could not find the cause, could not be cured, and the plot line that had already reached the sky in the world. Is there any correlation between the two?

Su Shi’s brain was running at a rapid speed. He put all the conditions that were not in line with the expectations, and slowly explored the possible connections that might exist. When he suddenly thought of some possibility, his eyes could not help but light up.

He opened the parcel again, carefully observed the world debris in the parcel, and then asked about the ball still crying: "Is there any way to manually obtain the soul fragments of Song Yiming?"

After leaving the second world, Su Shi has already inferred the so-called world fragmentation, which is actually part of the soul of the lover.

"Ah?" The ball was forced for a moment, only to react, and suddenly shouted, "Host the adults, do you want to murder the husband?! If you directly force the soul fragments out of the man, he Will die immediately!"

Su Shi slammed his eyebrows weakly: "I suspect that Song Yiming's body now contains two pieces of world, which is precisely this, causing his physical imperfections and the reversal of the entire plot line."

The ball was carefully thought for a while before it barely caught up with the idea of ​​its own host: "Hey? Is there still such a situation?"

"I just have this kind of speculation now. If this is the case, as long as the extra piece of world debris is taken out of him, it should be able to solve the problem," Su Shi frowned slightly because he thought of another Probably, "but if the two world fragments are already fully integrated in his body..."

Since the world debris will be immediately merged with the fragments of the former world after it has left the original world, then these two... Su Shi sighed, and now is not considering this possible time, and even if it is true, he It will not give up easily.

"You first go to the mall to check if there are any props that can detect and extract the soul fragments. It must have no negative impact on the user's body." Su Shi once again issued an order to the ball.

The ball immediately went to search for it. In the end, it only found a prop that barely met the requirements: "There is a kind of prop called [Soul Extractor], which is used to extract the soul of the target character, as long as it is completely voluntary by the user. This kind of prop will not cause any harm to the user, which is equivalent to painless death; but if it is mandatory to extract the soul... the whole process will be extremely ferocious, and... If you want to redeem this kind of prop, you need to spend 100000 Point IQ."

Speaking of the last half of the sentence, the sound of the ball is already inaudible. After being slaughtered again and again by its own host, it has clearly realized that the price of the item marked in the mall is not useful at all, because the host is always Can use a variety of shameless methods to make the price of the item into his ideal number.

Sure enough, Su Shi heard the words immediately and said: "The ball, do you think this Song Yiming will become like this, who is responsible?"

The ball is heartache, and it is a guilty conscience: "maybe probably... my responsibility?"

"You are really rare to be smart," Su Shi nodded, and asked, "So should you take full responsibility for your own blame?"

"It seems to be QAQ." The ball feels like crying, it is clear and innocent.

"Then take out the props." Su Shi politely extended his hands.

The ball finally couldn't help but cry, so this time the host is going to get the props worth 100,000 IQ points. What is the difference between this and rogues!





 Su Shi put on a scum male face, ruthlessly grabbed a soul-extracting item from the heart of a heart-wrenching ball. After studying for a while, he mastered the props from a theoretical perspective. Instructions.

Then he didn't look at the ball that still screamed and cried, and he got up and went to Song Yiming's room. After taking a deep breath, he knocked on the door.

Su Shi’s plan is to first investigate whether there are really two fragments of soul in Song Yiming’s body. If there is, use the Soul Extractor to take out the soul fragments that are not part of this mission world.

If there is only one piece, you need to further judge whether this is a piece of soul in the true sense, or a piece of soul that has been merged.

Sustained Su Shi's memory is very powerful, when you can directly judge the answer to this question through the brightness of the soul fragments, but if it is really the soul of a world, the soul fragments accidentally entered the world, maybe he can also use other methods To determine this? Su Shi knocked on the door while thinking.

At this time, Song Yiming was sitting on the bed and looking down at his legs. The whole body was dead, as if this was not a person who was still alive.

Song Yiming has received leg treatments numerous times, and each time it is inevitable to raise a small hope, but every time this hope will be turned into disappointment.

In fact, in the end, this hope and disappointment is nothing to him. A person who doesn't even know why he lives is not too concerned about it.

But this time it is totally different.

For the first time, Song Yiming was so disgusted with his clearly conscious, but unmovable legs. For the first time, he hoped that his legs would be cured and he would be able to stand up again.

But the result is still...

Is this probably my last hope? But it also ended up in desperation for complete thoroughness.

It was at this time that the door was suddenly slammed, and it was next.

Song Yiming jerked his head up and stared at the closed door in a complicated way. He knew who was standing outside the door, but he had lost the courage to see him.

Song Yiming will not blame Su Shi for this incident, but he does not know how to face him in this situation. He is afraid that he will lose his sense of reason. Even if he knows that such a broken person is not worthy of such a beautiful person, He will also be forced to be held by his means.

Such an idea has emerged more than once before, but every time it will be suppressed quickly, but this time it has become more and more violent, making him somewhat uncontrollable.

Song Yiming took a deep breath and was about to catch up, but heard a gentle and laughter from outside the door: "Mr. Song, have you taken the medicine to treat your legs? How do you feel now?"

This soft voice was instantly transmitted to the bottom of my heart, and Song Yiming’s words were also stunned.

Su Shi paused for a moment and said: "There was no clear explanation with Mr. Song. The drug was just the first step of treatment. After taking the drug, there will be further treatment, so I will talk to Mr. Song specifically."

Song Yiming clenched his fists, his eyes were slightly bright, and his voice was slightly hoarse: "There will be further treatment?"

"Of course, if Mr. Song has taken the medicine and passed the side-effect period, now we can start the next step of treatment." Su Shi's voice sounds very confident, but in fact, his own heart is also somewhat bottomless.

Although the soul fragments have been seen more than once, this kind of thing is very mysterious, and it is very precious to Su Shi. After all, it is the soul of the lover. It is absolutely impossible to make mistakes. He does not dare without any guarantee. In the case, directly action.

Therefore, he came to find Song Yiming this time, mainly to explore the situation, to stabilize the mood of the lover, and then consider how to proceed further.

"You come in." Song Yiming was silent for a while and finally spoke.

Su Shi was stunned outside the door. Since she came here, although she has been allowed to set foot on the second floor, she has seen the layout of Song Yiming’s room in the display, but he has never really stepped into the room of a lover. So, is this lover finally accepting him completely?

"Then I came in." Su Shi smiled and unscrewed the door handle and walked into Song Yiming's room.

In the past, Song Yiming was the most disgusted with the things that others touched him. It was impossible to step into the room. But when he saw Su Shi step by step, Song Yiming only felt that the heart was surging, as if something was about to break uncontrollably. And out.

The strong and extreme craving should belong to him, but it does not seem to belong to him completely, although it is indeed a profound feeling from his body.

"A... oh?" Song Yiming almost unconsciously spoke, and then realized that he had called out a completely strange name, and his face did not know what to look like.

Su Shi was a slight flash of his eyes. He confirmed his previous guess and gave birth to another speculation. Although Song Yiming did not follow the plot line completely, he never did such a performance. Is it because of washing the marrow? For Dan's sake, instead, another piece of soul in the lover's body becomes more active?

Although I thought so in my heart, there was nothing in Su Shi’s face, just came over and smiled and asked: “How does Mr. Song feel now? Is there any uncomfortable body?”

"No, except the legs are still not moving, the others are very good." To be exact, it should be very good, although I don't know what medicine Ginger gave him to eat, but the weakness of his legs, his body function. They have improved a lot and almost reached the best condition.

"That's good," Su Shi said with a sigh of relief. He went to Song Yiming and looked at him seriously. "Mr. Song, can you trust me now?"

This question came too suddenly, but Song Yiming almost never thought of it: "Of course, I certainly trust you completely."

Su Shi smiled and bent: "Because the next inspection is necessary to fully trust, otherwise it will probably hurt Mr. Song, so Mr. Song really determines that you have completely trusted me?"

Song Yiming was silent for a while. He did fully trust Jiang Yan, but the quick response was really not like his reaction.

Why do you suddenly feel that... I seem to be a bit strange today?

Su Shi is about to say something, but the ball suddenly burst out at this time: "Hosting adults, I have a very important thing to tell you immediately!"

The ball will rush out at this time, obviously not playing, Su Shi quietly said: "What?"

"I just searched the database and found a situation similar to the current male owner," the ball swayed and the voice was eager. "In another system's mission record, I also encountered a host. The target of the Raiders has a double soul. At that time, the situation may be similar to that of the host. The host feels that since it is the soul of his own man, even if he ignores it, it will be fine. Who knows!!!"

Because he said too much content in one breath, the ball continued to slow down: "Because the target of the host's strategy is just an ordinary person, it can't carry the oppression of accommodating two souls at the same time, and eventually it is dead!" My Scorpio, this is terrible. You must save the man from the host, don’t let him die so badly!"

Su Shi’s face was so heavy that he did not think of this possibility before. It seems that this incident is unavoidable, especially now that another soul fragment of the lover has approached the awakening, which brings obvious to the body. influences.

"I know," Su Shi responded, turning his head to love the person. "If Mr. Song really determines that he has fully trusted me, we can start checking now."

Although Song Yiming felt a little weird, but did not think much, Wen Yan solemnly nodded: "I am sure, I fully trust you."

"Then let's get started," Su Shi smiled and sat down to the bed and handed him a small bottle. "This medicine needs you to eat. When I help you check it later, Mr. Song must not have any rejection. Psychological, if you feel uncomfortable, grab my hand and I will end the inspection immediately."

Song Yiming looked at Su Shi’s white hand and took the small bottle cleanly and swallowed the medicine inside.

The use method and principle of the props [soul extractor] is quite simple. The two swallow a medicine separately, and Su Shi’s consciousness will produce something similar in spirit. This kind of thing can enter Song Yiming’s In the sea of ​​consciousness, you can find out his soul state.

If you want to get rid of the soul, you can directly use this spiritual tentacle to grasp the soul of the other party and tear it out completely, of course, the premise is that the other party is completely voluntary.

After both sides took the props and medicines, Su Shi quickly sensed that there was a little more in her consciousness. According to the description of the props, the spiritual tentacles will exist for ten days after they are generated. disappear.

Because the other party is his own dear lover, Su Shi did not dare to be sloppy, and he was familiar with it. After confirming that he could completely control the spiritual tentacles, he manipulated the spiritual tentacles to tentatively enter Song Yiming's sea of ​​consciousness.

The operation of this process is not complicated. The other party's consciousness of the sea has not caused any rejection because of complete trust. However, when Su Shi's spiritual tentacles smoothly entered the consciousness sea of ​​Song Yiming, they were instantly entangled in something.

"Auntie, aunt... is it you?" A familiar voice immediately exploded in Su Shi's mind.





 Su Shi’s heart swayed, and the first reaction after hearing this sound turned out to be a tight chrysanthemum. This reaction is no one.

This voice is Ling Tian's, Su Shi is definitely affirmative, which makes him a bit stunned in a moment, obviously the same person, obviously his lover, he now has to choose one, let another lover's soul fragments Temporarily disappeared.

Obviously important, but had to choose one. This decision is very uncomfortable for Su Shi. He can't help but turn around and ask the ball: "Is it possible that this body can bear two pieces of soul at the same time?"

"Perhaps there is such a possibility, but now I can't find other relevant information in my database. Does the host want to try it?" The ball answered truthfully and asked carefully.

Su Shi shook his head, so he was absolutely afraid to take such a big risk. It’s better to lose the second choice than the two. Moreover, the task of the last world has been completed. Ling Tian’s soul disappears and should be changed. Enter the parcel for the world's debris.

But the task of this world is still going on. No one knows what the consequences of Song Yiming’s soul will be if it disappears.

So for the sake of the present, we still have to let Ling Tian leave Song Yiming’s body for a while: "Is there any way to get his soul fragments into other people's bodies, for example, mine?"

The ball smashed a bit, and it is a pity: "The soul shard of the man is equal to the world shards, which contain the power that can support the entire mission world. I am afraid that the body of ordinary people can bear it."

Su Shi’s headache is also very distressing, so is it really only this method?

Just when Su Shi had to make a final decision, the voice of Ling Tian came over again: "Isn't it aunt? It's like an aunt... Why not him?"

This voice made Su Shi’s heart sour. He simply wanted to give up the task at the table. It was clearly the setting of 1v1. Why did he have to make such a difficult two-choice question? This is simply mad!

However, Su Shi quickly calmed down. Although this incident really made him feel awkward, he was definitely not the kind of indecisive person at the crucial moment. It is really a problem to do what he wants next.

If, according to Su Shi’s past temper, after determining that he entered Song Yiming’s body is Ling Tian’s soul fragments, he would pretend that he did not recognize this person at all, and then persuaded Ling Tian himself to leave as Song Yiming’s admirer.

He knows too much about Ling Tian's temper, so he has absolute certainty to convince Ling Tian to leave, and this is the easiest and most effective way to solve the immediate problems.

But he is not the Su Shi who has never moved and does not know what love is, so even if he knows objectively, this is definitely the best policy, but subjectively, Su Shi did not hesitate to choose to refuse.

That is his lover, even if he has to choose to let him leave temporarily, even if he still has to lie to each other, but at least not in this way.

"It's me, Ling Tian." Su Shi sighed and responded. These words just spit out, and the force that entangled him suddenly became more fierce. To be exact, what was entangled should be that he was controlling. Spiritual tentacles.

Su Shi took out a few small spiritual tentacles to "observe" the situation around him, only to find that it is surrounded by the spiritual touches of tiny dust that emits a faint glow.

"Auntie, it's really you, I really didn't admit it, it's really you, but why..." Ling Tian's voice cheerfully cheered twice, then he became so depressed and sad, "Why do you appear?" Here, and..."

Although the soul fragments belonging to Ling Tian have been in a state of being suppressed, this does not mean that he cannot perceive everything in the outside world and cannot exert any influence on Song Yiming. Otherwise, he will not find the atmosphere belonging to Su Shi from Jiang Yan. And let the plot appear so much deviation.

So after confirming the identity of the other party, Ling Tian was too late to be happy, and then began to entangle, why did the aunt appear here? Why are you here? Why is Aunt’s appearance completely different from before? Why is he treating this man like this?

Various problems came out in an instant, so Ling Tian did not know which one to ask first.

There is no doubt that he is completely trusting Su Shi. After all, it is a lover who has been with him for tens of thousands of years, but everything in front of him cannot be fake, so what is going on?

"I know that you have a lot of questions to ask me, don't worry, as long as you want to know, I will tell you the answer one by one," Su Shi manipulated the spiritual tentacles, shaking with the meaning of comfort and those small The dust touched. "Now, I need you to see something first."

One end of the spiritual tentacle is connected with Su Shi’s sea of ​​consciousness, where there is Su Shi’s memory, including everything he has in reality, including his acceptance of the mission, and of course his memory in different worlds.

What Su Shi intends to do now is to pass some of her memory to her lover. Although she is only a soul of her lover, she comes to Su Shi, and that is his lover.

"Stay in Suspension... Hosting adults, are you going to tell the man about the mission? Don't, this is likely to lead to unexpectedly bad results!" It is planned that the ball will almost blow up.

Su Shi took the time to appease the ball: "Reassured, it will not mention the task."

Although Su Shi really doesn't mind confessing everything to his lover, as the ball says, the task is very likely for the lover to trigger a strong rebound. If you confess, you will turn everything into nothing. worse.

So what Su Shi intends to let the lover see is just a good lie.

Although the ball is still not at ease, but I think that my own host has always been very reliable, I also shook my body and put aside my heart: "But is the host adult really able to control the props now? If one does not It’s very bad to be careful to reveal the memory that should not be known to the man."

"Reassured, I have my own size." After Su Shi responded to this sentence, he directly moved some memories out and presented them in front of Ling Tian.

In the first world, one of them was a sunny teenager and the other was a gentle president;

In the second world, two of them are capricious presidents and one is a national male god;

The third world, two people are... Sorry, the third world really has nothing to look at, so I will ignore it for the time being.

When I arrived in the fourth world, I went to the world of Xian Xia where Ling Tian was. He knew more than anyone else what memories he had with Su Shi.

It all seemed like a long one. In fact, it took less than half an hour to pass through Ling Tian’s consciousness. Then he said with some difficulty: “Auntie, what is this... What is going on? ”

“These are our past and present,” Su Shi’s voice explained softly, with obvious appeasement and affection. “From the first world, I met you, and every time after that, although you are no longer I have the memories of past lives, but we are still destined to meet again, and live with them for a lifetime. At first, I watched you lose the memory of past lives, I don’t remember me at all, I am really sad, but then I realized that there will be This kind of thinking is really too greedy.

Even if you don't remember me anymore, don't you remember everything in the past? As long as I can meet you again, it is already a favored person, and I have enough time to reconnect with you. Isn't that enough? How many people have the same fortune as me, can they be born with the beloved life? ”

Although Su Shi’s words have exaggerated and lyrical elements in it, they are also absolutely affectionate. Ling Tian can’t help but feel a little moved: “So the man now is actually my reincarnation?”

"Yes, your name is Song Yiming," Su Shi sighed softly, his voice worried. "It is reasonable to say that if you are reincarnation, you forgot to drink Mengpo soup, it should be at birth. It is right to have memories of past lives, but the current situation makes me somewhat confused. The consciousness of your two worlds is actually independent of each other, and your consciousness of this world does not seem to perceive the existence of past memories."

Su Shi’s lying skills are probably full, and even the ball that knows all the inside is almost brainwashed by his own host.

Under this circumstance, Ling Tian, ​​who did not understand the facts at all, and who completely trusted Su Shi, completely believed in Su Shi’s words: “It turned out that this is all the way. No wonder you will be so good to this person, even at the expense. Washing the marrow Dan... Auntie, how can you wash the marrow in your body?"

In this case, the ball was tight, and Su Shi did not reveal anything unusual. He calmly replied: "In addition to carrying the memories of past life, I have a strange package. I was originally just After each death of your life, put the soul that is about to dissipate into your parcel and put it in your body. In the past life, I discovered that there are other things in it. I will take many of the remedies that I have refined before. Brought it, it just came in handy."

Said, Su Shi also very calmly intercepted a part of the memory of the parcel for Ling Tian, ​​and focused on letting him see the part about the soul fragments: "This is your former soul, because these souls are all the same from beginning to end. Human, so they will automatically blend together."

For the first time, Ling Tian saw his soul so intuitively. It felt really subtle at the same time, but it also proved the words of Su Shi. If they are not the same person, how can the soul merge?

So the current situation is that the soul of his previous life has inexplicably ran to this world, but I do not know why it is not integrated with the soul of this world.

Su Shi’s words have been said almost the same. After hesitating for a while, he finally said: "Ling Tian, ​​do you know that you in this world, why are you doing bad legs?"





 Su Shi asked this sentence, but just wanted to introduce the topic, but after waiting for Ling Tian to think for a moment, he replied: "Although I can't control this body now, I can see that there is a deep inside my body. The strange spiritual power of the stock did not scatter, but it was blocked because the body's meridians could not be opened, but it had a bad influence on the body."

Su Shi’s eyes flashed, and some speculation in his heart has been verified after hearing this. He had thought about a problem before. If this story is in the story, Song Yiming’s lower body will be bad because it’s because For the sake of Ling Tian, ​​why is it in the original plot?

After all, Ling Tian should not exist in the original plot provided by the ball, but Song Yiming still has a sudden physical condition at the age of 25, and this is absolutely impossible for no reason.

Now it seems that this is indeed because Song Yiming’s body awakened his ability in advance, but he could not control it smoothly. It was only later that Song Yiming was killed by Song Yijin, and the ability did not work smoothly. Therefore, there was no correlation in the original plot. description of.

But what is the abilities that will wake up a long time before the end of the last days, and bring such a big impact to the body?

Su Shi’s heart is doubtful, but it’s obviously not the time to think about it. Now I sighed and said: “But I just took this body and took the marrow wash. It is reasonable to say that even if there is any problem before, it should be restored now. It’s right, but the truth is...”

As a lover who has been with Su Shi for tens of thousands of years, Ling Tian naturally understands Su Shi’s unfinished meaning. He is silent for a moment, and his voice is silent and uninterested: "So... is it because of my existence?"

Whether or not he is willing to give up, this event will eventually have a result. Su Shi bites his teeth and says: "Probably it is."

When the words came out, the two men suddenly became silent. Su Shi really felt very unbearable, but the words they said must also make it clear: "Ling Tian, ​​I know that this will make you very sad, I feel sad too. But I really don't know if you continue to stay here, what impact will it have on your body and soul? You should understand what I mean?"

"Auntie's words, I naturally understand, but if I am not there, will I never see an aunt again?" Ling Tian's voice is much lighter, and it is full of embarrassment and loss.

Su Shi immediately replied: "Nature will not, although I can't remember the past, but I will find you every time, and what will happen in the future, no one knows, maybe in the near future, I will be with Ling. Did the day meet again?"

Ling Tianxin's hair is awkward, what will happen in the future, no one knows, so this may be a farewell, right?

But since I already know the decision of Auntie, Ling Tian naturally will not say such a thing again. Since the outcome has been fixed, he is willing to think about everything in a good direction: "Auntie said, I will wait there. Auntie, but... Auntie will always think about me?"

"I have been thinking of you all the time, and we will definitely meet again." Both of them are in a state of mental consciousness. Su Shi can't even hold a hug. They can only use the spiritual tentacles to touch Ling Tian. Spiritual dust, "Lingtian, we will definitely meet again."

"I certainly believe that because Auntie has never lied to me..." Ling Tian's voice is getting lower and lower, and finally, with the dust, slowly and completely disappeared.

When the problem was solved, Su Shi couldn't help but feel that his heart was slightly sour. Because of his simple words, he would easily choose Ling Tian, ​​who was letting himself disappear. It was really stupid, and... he actually deceived more than once. He.

"Hosting adults, don't be sad, I also think that you will meet again one day." The ball saw Su Shi silent, and he said that he was quiet.

Su Shi took a deep breath and sighed his mouth: "I did deceive Ling Tian a lot of things, but at least this one, I absolutely did not lie to him."

The reason why Su Shi can say that, probably because he is also convinced that in a somewhat distant future, he will definitely meet again with Ling Tian.

"Yeah, now the problem is finally solved, the man's legs should be restored soon." The tone of the ball is pretending to be brisk.

When I mentioned this, Su Shi thought of one thing: "Since this is Song Yiming's sea of ​​consciousness, why hasn't he just noticed his consciousness?"

During the round of the ball, Ai Ai said: "It’s me. I just made a self-proclaimed use of the privilege to temporarily let the soul fragments belonging to Song Yiming temporarily fall into sleep."

If Song Yiming is told that there is another soul in his body, and he still talks with Su Shi about thousands of years of love, I still don't know what to expect.

Although it feels that its own practice is necessary, but the host is so dictatorial, will not play it again because of this incident? QAQ

Su Shi paused and immediately quit Song Yiming's sea of ​​consciousness, then reached out and patted the round body of the ball: "It's done well, now I have to wait for Song Yiming to wake up and make plans."

For the first time, the ball that was praised by the host for a moment was stunned for a moment, and then it was swiftly rotating with a pink light spot. Well, in fact, the host is not so terrible, round, silly, sweet, and ball happily thought, I have almost forgotten all the grievances I have suffered before.

When Song Yiming woke up again from the drowsiness, it was already three hours later.

Song Yiming, who had never slept so hard, just regained consciousness and immediately became alert. How did he suddenly fall asleep?

But when he slowly opened his eyes and saw the figure sitting on the edge of the bed, his heart's vigilance suddenly dissipated. He raised his hand and rubbed his eyebrows, and slowly sat up and said: "Auntie, what happened to me?" ”

Su Shi put down the book in his hand and turned around and smiled at Song Yiming: "Mr. Song don't worry, just because my treatment has played a role, you will suddenly lose consciousness. How does Mr. Song feel now? Is there any body? Where is it uncomfortable? There is your leg..."

Song Yiming's eyes flashed slightly, and he opened the quilt directly and looked at his legs. It looked no different from the past. His heart beat like a drum, but he did not dare to force himself. What if his legs are really the same as before?

"Mr. Song, don't worry, if this treatment still has no effect, we can still carry out the next treatment." Su Shi looked at Song Yiming with a soothing voice. "And I think this treatment will definitely be there." effect."

Song Yiming stared at Su Shi for a while, then finally gritted his teeth and applied it to his legs. Because he couldn’t move his legs for a long time, he couldn’t grasp the strength for a while, but he just used his legs. He lifted it up at an exaggerated angle, and even brought his upper body back to the bed.

"Congratulations to Mr. Song, it seems that the treatment has already had a very good effect." Su Shi’s smile became more and more obvious, and his heart was relieved. If this time, there is no way to solve the problem, I am afraid that even he does not know the next. What to do in one step.

Song Yiming still has some reaction, but he looks at his legs, his legs... just really moving?

He lifted his legs twice and used less strength, but the action still looked a little weird. Song Yiming was unaware of it, but he finally smiled twice as he slowly passed away, looking at Su Shi with a burning look. "Auntie, you cured my leg."

Su Shi smiled very embarrassedly and touched her nose: "I guess it."

"You have cured my leg, it is you." Song Yiming grabbed Su Shi’s hand and held his hand in his palm. It seems that he is most concerned about the fact that his leg was cured, but this The man cured his leg.

Song Yiming's first half of life has always been gray. Until this person's appearance, his heart began to beat, his eyes saw color, his body returned to health. This person is like his lucky god, bringing all the good and luck.

Or to say that the luckiest thing in your life is to meet this person.

Su Shi let Song Yiming grasp his own hand, and said: "Mr. Song has to practice hard in these days. After all, he has not used his legs for a long time. He will definitely not be used to it at first."

"Good." Song Yiming's gaze is still on Su Shi, the sound is not stable.

Su Shi smiled and bent, and looked very happy: "From tomorrow, I will go out with Mr. Song every day to go for a walk?"

"Good." Song Yiming nodded again. It seems that as long as this person let him do something, he will unconditionally agree.

"Mr. Song should take a good rest first. If you have just received treatment, you still have to rest more." Su Shi is actually not so big and so excited. Song Yiming has just experienced the disappearance of Ling Tian.

Song Yiming nodded for the third time. He just wanted to loosen Su Shi’s hand, but he was even tighter: “Auntie, now my legs are good.”

"Yes." Su Shi smiled and nodded.

"My legs are already good." Song Yiming said again.

"Well, I know." Su Shi blinked, and some looked at Song Yiming.

Song Yiming's throat was slightly rolling, his voice was low and solemn: "Will the aunt stay with me?"

It turned out that he wanted to ask this. Su Shi almost forgot to stay with Song Yiming as a doctor: "As long as Mr. Song does not drive me away, I will not leave here. Now it is very messy outside. ""

Although he has not smelled the zombies since he came to Song Yiming, he has not forgotten that he is still in the end, and his main task is to smash the head of the zombies.

“Really?” Song Yiming hopes to get a positive answer again like a child.

Su Shi nodded seriously: "Really, because I also want to be with Mr. Song."

Song Yiming suddenly recalled the words he had overheard. He had never really believed in his heart, but now he can choose to believe in Jiang’s mind?





 On the second day when the two were ready to go out, Su Shi pushed the wheelchair over again: "Mr. Song is not too flexible now, but I should sit here first. If you are tired, you can rest."

Song Yiming, who has been practicing all night, does not feel that he still needs to use this thing, but when he hears Su Shi say this, he nods and sits up. Now he has probably recovered the basic control of his legs, although Proficiency is still not enough, but as long as you don't do strenuous exercise and difficult movements, there should be no big problem.

Su Shi did not see this. He just thought that Song Yiming could stand up again. This is so great, how can it be easily said? This kind of thing must be left to the critical moment to force the face, or is it not too wasteful?

In line with this principle, Su Shi specially asked the ball to pick up an open space where no one could pass, and pushed Song Yiming over: "Mr. Song, we are here to be active. I think it is very quiet here, it should not be. Someone bothered."

"Okay," Song Yiming nodded, slowly standing up from the wheelchair, moving his hands and feet in slow motion, turning his head and looking at Su Shi. "Are you with me?"

Although Song Yiming’s gaze seemed deep and calm, Su Shi could still see the faint promises. He bent his mouth and nodded. “Well, I just exercised my body. I always want to be lazy when I am alone.”

At the beginning, the two just walked together, and by the way, they did some simple physical activities. When Song Yiming raised his dominance on his legs again, Su Shi made the ball find a set of physical exercises that would help the legs and legs. The earth pulled Song Yiming to do it.

Throughout the process, Song Yiming’s eyes never left Su Shi’s body. He couldn’t help but feel that this day was the real beginning of his life, because the original gray things were dyed with good-looking colors, and the physical shortcomings were Healed, and because this person is with him.

In the next few days, Su Shi came here with Song Yiming every day. The exercise time was constantly elongating and the intensity was gradually increasing. In addition, Su Shi also learned these from the ball. The situation of Song Yijin and Luo Zhenzhen over the past few days.

After being counted by Su Shi on that day, the two men completely lost the refuge of Song Yiming. However, they did not dare to go out of the base, and they could only continue to live in the base as ordinary people.

However, Song Yijin is obviously not a person who will admit defeat. Although it seems to be particularly harmless on the surface, there is no complaint about Song Yiming’s decision, but it is this kind of generous gesture that makes the base slowly blow up. Rumors.

My brother actually drove his own brother and brother out of the house for a man of unknown origin. The younger brother who was wronged by the grievances not only blamed his brother for his ruthlessness and cruelty, but instead actively and optimistically treated his life, and even took the initiative when necessary. Come out and defend your brother.

The story of the younger brother in the story is simply earth-moving, but the behavior of the man and the man whose name is unknown to anyone with unknown origins seems to be extremely bad.

As a founder of the base, Song Yiming, even if someone wants to say something bad about him, he has to measure it, but Su Shi is different. At least in the eyes of everyone in the base, he is really just an ordinary person of unknown origin. When you have nothing to do, you can talk about it after you have a meal, and you can properly alleviate the tremendous pressure brought by the end of the world. So why not?

Then there are a few people who don’t know the truth, but the person who makes X is ruthlessly thrown out of the base. Everyone who is thrown out can’t help but ask big eyes about what is going on, what they should do. Just did not fall, why throw them out?

The answer is simple. I have offended people who should not be offended. I still want to get shelter from the base. Even if such a dream is done, it will be ruthlessly awakened, so you will go out and be a zombie companion.

The news spread quickly in the base. For the sake of his own little life, no one dared to blatantly say Su Shi’s bad words, but his heart became more disgusted and disdainful to him.

There are even many people who have questioned Song Yiming’s leadership because of this incident. One will drive their own brothers out of their homes for strangers, and even kill innocent cold-blooded people, and what qualifications are their leaders. By? What's more, he is still a waste person who does not awaken half of his abilities and his legs are bad!

Song Yijin did not think that his cold-blooded brother would actually maintain a stranger who had never had an intersection before. However, although his initial purpose was not achieved, he accidentally caused many dissatisfaction with Song Yiming. It also rewarded a lot of people for their own eyes, but it is also an unexpected joy.

Song Yijin, who is working diligently, flashed a thick and malicious moment, but it was quickly covered with mildness and harmlessness. One day, I will pull you down from that position and become a dog at my feet. !

As for Luo Zhenzhen, she did not have any strength in this matter. She just followed the instructions of Song Yijin. She often felt sad in front of outsiders and made a white lotus flower for Song Yijin and the opportunity to destroy Song Yiming.

Su Shi knows clearly about the actions of these two people, but they don’t have much control. The abuse of scum is also a matter of method. For Song Yijin, the more he gets now, the more he will take him in the future. The harder the attack will be, so before the other party does not cause substantial harm to himself, Su Shi chooses to ignore him first, and try to train his own skills.

Under such a principle, Su Shi watched for a while, until Song Yijin finally put his mind on his lover and prepared to shoot Song Yiming. Su Shi also decided to take the shot.

On this day, Su Shi pushed Song Yiming out of the door. This time, instead of going directly to the place where they exercised, they slowly drifted around the base. Although Song Yiming did not see it, he only saw Su. With a glance, there is nothing to say.

Under such circumstances, the two met Song Yijin and his party who were carrying materials in the warehouse. At this time, Song Yijin had become the leader of a field team with his own strength. The small days were still moist. But it is only before this, because today, his end will probably be very miserable.

When Song Yijin saw Song Yiming, his face smiled slightly, but then he became more gentle. He even took the initiative to walk down the delivery truck and gently greeted him with a gentle attitude: "Big brother, Mr. Jiang, will be here. It’s a coincidence to see you."

On weekdays, Song Yiming is dealing with the affairs of the base, and it is also in his own villa. It rarely appears in front of people. Song Yijin is undoubtedly a satire on his behavior.

Song Yiming's face was gloomy, his eyes did not fall to Song Yijin's body, and there was no plan to open his mouth. It was as if this person did not exist at all, but Su Shi, smiling and nodding his head to Song Yijin: "Mr. Xiao Song is good, you have recently passed. Are you ok?"

Several people in the group looked at Su Shi with a strange look. "It is obvious that you asked the leader to drive out Song Yijin. Now I have such an expression. Asking such a question is deliberately disgusting us?" "The expression."

Song Yijin was disgusted in his heart, but he was very polite on the surface: "I am very good now, and Mr. Lao Jiang is worried."

"I know that you are doing well, and I can let go of my heart," Su Shi said with a sigh of relief and his voice became brisk. "Before that was indeed your fault, I also think that Mr. Song is against you. The punishment is a bit too heavy. If you are not used to it now, I intend to persuade Mr. Song to let him tolerate you."

This made Song Yijin feel a bit uncomfortable, but also made the onlookers more angry. How thick is this person's face, he can say this in reverse black and white, they have never seen such a brazen and shameless people!

Song Yiming heard the words and looked at Su Shi, and even opened the mouth at this time: "This kind of person is not worthy of forgiveness."

Su Shi shouted at the teammates in his heart and frowned. "Is Mr. Song still sad for that? I know that Mr. Xiao Song is really sad, but...hey, maybe I do Don't say anything more."

Song Yiming wanted to say that he was not sad at all. Instead, Su Shi was so concerned about Song Yijin that he was a little unhappy, but he saw Su Shi’s expression at this time, and he did not speak openly.

Song Yijin has already felt awkwardly. He was counted once by Su Shi. It is very clear about the true face of this person. Now he does not want to further help Song Yiming to establish a cold and ruthless image. He directly said: I still have work to do here, I am afraid I can't continue to chat with my older brother and Mr. Jiang."

However, the most feared pig teammates always came and said, Song Yijin’s voice just fell, and some people behind him were accused of indignation: “You still have to be shameless? It’s obvious that you used the plan to drive Ajin out, but now it’s still Dare to run to him to say this, if you really care about him, how could you treat him like that before? To say that Ajin really did something wrong, that is why he was unfortunately calculated by your villain. It’s already so pitiful, you are still..."

"Enough! Don't say it!" Song Yijin ugly and low-faced, then smiled and said to Su Shidao, "Mr. Jiang should not listen to him nonsense. It was really bad for me before. I have never blamed anyone. ""

Su Shi was stunned by the words of the pig teammates, and the look slowly became serious: "This should be a friend of Mr. Xiao Song? Although I don't know why you said it, but since you care so much. I don't mind helping you with this matter."

"Mr. Jiang, he is really just a nonsense, please don't care about him," Song Yijin repeatedly gave the pig teammates a wink and humbly bowed. "I apologize to him. I will be good after I go back." Explain with him."

However, the pig teammates are pig teammates, how can they easily die down? Now directly in the first two steps, screaming and honest: "A Jin, you don't have to be so afraid of him, the reason is here, I still don't believe he can really say black to white!"

After all, the pig teammates looked at Su Shi again and raised his chin. "Don't you say that you want to help me?" Then you said, why did you say A Jin's bad words before Mr. Song? Also let Mr. Song drive him out?"

"I said Mr. Song's bad words in front of Mr. Song?" Su Shi blinked with a grin. "I have never done such a thing. I really can't say black, but you obviously have this." The talent of the aspect, even the words can be said."

"You don't admit it now?" The pig teammate snorted. "Then tell me positively, why did Mr. Song drive Ajin out?"

Song Yijin stood on the sidelines and screamed at the sleeves of the pig teammates, but the other party’s emotions were excited. He opened him with a hand, and he wanted to interrupt. The words of these two people are very intensive to you. Song Yijin After a few visits, I didn’t get the chance, and the sweat on my forehead came out.

"Then I will tell you positively that the reason why Mr. Xiao Song will be driven out by Mr. Song is because he deliberately smashed Mr. Song in front of me, and even conspired to kill Mr. Song behind him. Isn't this reason enough? "Is this kind of thing positive, Su Shi is also very good at it, okay?

As soon as this was said, the silence was quiet all around, and occasional leaves drifted over, creating a very bleak atmosphere.

The pig teammates are ready to continue their lines, but after hearing this, he just took the words back to his mouth and changed to a slightly open mouth with Su Shi.

After a few seconds, the pig teammates regained their voices. Although they were still rough and rude, they couldn’t help but take a bit of sorrow and a little lack of confidence: "You...you What to say? How could this happen?"

"Why don't there be such a thing? Can I still lie to you with this kind of thing?" Su Shi snorted and his eyes swept to Song Yijin, whose face was extremely ugly, with a bit of irony. "It was before you." That word is obviously a vain thing, but it is said that you are so arrogant, is it because you listened to what you said, so you will believe it?"

The pig teammate also subconsciously looked at Song Yijin, but saw his face filled with sadness and shock, biting his teeth, and turned back to question Su Shi: "Do you have any evidence to prove that what you said is true? Maybe You are deliberately smearing Ajin!"





 After hearing this, Su Shi slightly paused. Don't take a deep look at Song Yijin. Song Yijin finally seized the opportunity to speak out to the pig teammates. "I beg you to stop talking! I started from the beginning. Just said, I have no complaints or dissent against Big Brother’s decision. I am also very good now. If you are really good for me, please don’t say this again. I beg you. Ok?"

Although the tone of these words is not consistent with the image that Song Yijin created for himself, but in a hurry, he really has no other way. If you let this idiot continue, he will be killed by him!

The pig teammate was directly slandered by Song Yijin’s words. He was clearly helping him to get justice. Why did he treat himself like this? Is A Jin actually afraid of Song Yiming to this extent? Or is it really that he was cheated by Ajin?

Being so stunned, the pig teammate’s head suddenly became a mess, but it really stopped the act of death, but when it comes to this point, how could Su Shi let Song Yijin have a chance to sneak away?

Su Shi did not wait for Song Yijin to open his mouth again, and frowned coldly and blamed: "It seems that I was talking before, but I was still offended by Mr. Song. I want him to be excused from punishment. Now it seems Xiao Song. Mr. really did a very good job. He even had the mind to play right and wrong in front of outsiders and wanted to ruin the reputation of Mr. Song. It must be said that Mr. Xiao Song’s hand was used to shoot others, and then he took the time to pick himself up at a crucial moment. Very good."

"Mr. Jiang, you really misunderstood," Song Yijin said with a guilty voice. The voice eagerly argued, "I really never mentioned the big brother in front of other people, and I dare not give birth to such a thought. I don't know why he just said that. He only hopes that Mr. Jiang will not care about him. I am willing to apologize to him on his behalf."

After all, Song Yijin took a deep sigh of relief, how low the gesture was, and people could not pick up the problem.

"So Mr. Xiao Song means that the reason why this person will stand up and make such a move is all his own idea? What is the purpose of his doing this? Is it because he wants to provoke you and Mr. Song? Is there a relationship between them?" Su Shi smiled and his eyes fell on the pig's opponent with a strong irony. "So it seems that Mr. Xiao Song is really pitiful. He even knows people and meets such people. ”

This big hat is buckled down, how can the pig teammates continue to silence: "You fart! I have always been a friend of Ajin, how can I do this kind of thing, I have just been good for A Jin!"

"Are you sure?" It is also very interesting to provoke such things. It is also very interesting to do it occasionally. "You also heard Mr. Xiao Song’s words. He didn’t think that you were doing it for him at all, but thought that you were deliberate. If you hurt him, maybe you have passed this time, and even his friends don’t want to do it with you."

Su Shi didn't care much about the extremely impolite words spit out from the pig teammates, but Song Yiming glanced at him coldly, and watching people's eyes was like watching a dead person, if not an aunt. Not yet happy, he will immediately throw this unintentional guy into the zombie pile.

The pig teammates were seen by Song Yiming watching the cold eyes of the dead. They almost stunned. He secretly took a few breaths, and this was barely supported. The voice of the speech was obviously discounted: "You...you Don't talk nonsense here, I just talked to A Jin, how could it be harming him?"

Listening to this is unfounded, not to mention that after he finished speaking, he also took a look at Song Yijin with a sceptical look.

"An attitude arbitrarily helps the other party to blame others, a low-pitched apology to help each other, but also to consider the banner for the other side," Su Shi's gaze in Song Yijin and his pig teammates turned a circle, ironically, "The friendship between the two seems to be conflicting, or is this the way to get along with friends?"

The face of the pig teammate suddenly showed an irritating color. He was really talking to Song Yijin, but Song Yijin’s behavior was indeed hitting his face. This is obviously doing good things, but it was pushed away by the other side. Feeling very bad, maybe he just shouldn't open that mouth!

"Mr. Jiang, what happened between me and him, I will tell him clearly after I have waited, but is it right now? After all, there is work to be done here, I don’t want to delay because of these private matters. More time, I hope Mr. Jiang and Big Brother can understand.” Song Yijin now only thinks about how to send these two people as soon as possible. What he is most worried about is whether they will actually hold any substantive evidence, even though he does not think Too possible.

"I am afraid that this matter will not be settled for a while, because I am a very kind person, even if it is only for the friendship between the two, I intend to put the evidence out," Su Shi put away her face. The irony, Xiao Yijin smiled slightly. "Not to mention, this matter is still related to Mr. Song's reputation. How can I let some people maliciously smother Mr. Song?"

Song Yijin’s look was invisible and slightly changed. Jiang’s hand actually had evidence.

Thinking of the boring brains that he heard that time, he became more and more sure of the speculation in his heart. The matter should be well calculated from the beginning. At that time, Song Yiming should be hiding in the dark, otherwise he would not I will suddenly drive myself out after that.

Since it is a good plan, it is no wonder that the other party will hold evidence. In the thought of this, Song Yijin has slightly lowered his heart. If it is only this evidence, it is impossible to directly convict him. Instead, it will appear to be disgusting. The homosexuality is very brain-destroying, causing everyone to resent him.

But will Jiang Yan still hold other evidence?

"Mr. Jiang really must make this happen to this step?" Song Yijin sighed with a sigh of relief, and his tone was difficult. "I have said that I have no dissatisfaction with my brother’s decision before, and I have already told you about today. Seriously apologize, why is Mr. Jiang always holding on to this matter?"

“Mr. Xiao Song asks himself, is this really a trouble for me? I just want to say hello to you, but you sing with your friends and make things happen. Now I’m still turning my head. Blaming me, Mr. Xiao Song really thought that no matter what you do, you should be forgiven?” Anyway, I’m going to slap my face anyway, and Su Shi’s will not be better than Song Yijin’s white lotus technology. Directly righteousness and authenticity, "And Mr. Xiao Song’s filth is not just me, but also your brother-in-law. Imagine if this is really the case, how would everyone think about Mr. Song? He clearly is the victim, but he has to slap on such a crime for no reason. Mr. Xiao Song is really a good abacus, but your conscience really won't hurt?"

Since the other party made up their minds to put things out, Song Yijin was only a little flustered. At this time, he could only be positive: "That please ask Mr. Jiang to put the so-called evidence out."

"As you wish," Su Shi slowly took a voice recorder from his pocket. "Let everyone come and listen."

Song Yijin was secretly flustered. While comforting himself, Su Shi’s only surely was the conversation between the two people. He stared at Su Shi’s finger on the play button.

The next moment, Song Yijin’s eyes widened, because he heard a conversation that should never be heard at this time.

"Ajin, how long will we have to stay in this day? You don't know what your big brother is. You have to let me go to him. I really have enough!"

"Quick, this day will soon be over, and his good days will come to an end."

"Really? But your big brother doesn't trust us at all. Those people just want to listen to him. Do you really have a plan?"

"It seems to sound difficult, but what if he is dead?"

......

"Reassured, it will soon be over."

Listening to my voice clearly from the recorder, Song Yijin only thinks that he is like a hail, why is this recording! There were no other people around at the time, how could Jiang Yan have this recording!

But no matter how it was done, the recording was actually passed from the recorder. Everyone present was clear. They all looked at themselves with weird eyes, like Looking at a disgusting rubbish.

Everything seemed to collapse in an instant, so that Song Yijin’s heartbeat was constantly accelerating, and there was almost only a blank left in his head until a fist flying from his side fell solidly on his face. Song Yijin’s whole person was heavily He fell to the ground and he was sober.

"I really blinked to be a friend of yours, and I can help you fight like a fool," the original pig teammate turned into a messenger of justice. "I didn't expect you to be so cold-blooded." The cruel man lives under the blessing of his elder brother, and in turn wants to kill his brother. You are simply a beast! It is light for Mr. Song to drive you out directly. If it is me, it will definitely take you directly. Throw out the base!"

Song Yijin slowly climbed up from the ground, and it was already here. He said nothing to help, and now he is no longer forbearing. He laughed and said: "What are you talking about? I didn’t say a brother before. No, obviously you are too stupid, you will make up a lot of inexplicable things in your own brain, and you will stand up and talk nonsense. Is it even strange to me?"

The pig teammates were suddenly stunned by this. When I recalled it, Song Yijin never said anything about Song Yiming. Even when others talked about it, he would stand up and help his brother to defend, so it’s really stupid. ?

"He is really stupid, but if Mr. Xiao Song really wants to defend his brother, why do you only say something that is misunderstood? If you put the facts out, you can solve the problem completely?" Su Shi raised his eyebrows. Song Yijin, who is a wolverine, has completely cooled down. "It must be said that Mr. Xiao Song’s means of loading white lotus is simply superb, and the level of rhythm is also very high. Unfortunately, such a sinister evil in front of the evidence of the iron fight will only let You look more like a jumping clown."

It is clear that this has already happened. Song Yijin is still dying and struggling: "I can't understand the words of Mr. Jiang. I really tried to maintain my brother's reputation, but they refused to believe it. As for why I didn't The facts are only because the incident is too difficult to say. After all, even if I have done something wrong, I want to maintain my last dignity. Is this also wrong?"

"Yes? I hope that Mr. Xiao Song can still swollen his face after hearing the next audio." Su Shi chuckled and pressed the play button of the recorder for the second time.





 It was also a passage that Song Yijin thought could never be heard in this way, and it was his own voice first.

"Now our situation is very bad. Since Song Yiming has driven us out, I will definitely be vigilant in the near future."

"What should we do? I don't want to live like this all the time. You see my hands are blistered!"

"You don't worry, I have a countermeasure in my heart, just need to wait for the opportunity. Song Yiming has always been conceited. This time we drove us out and did not give a half explanation. We can use this to deal with him."

"What do I need to do?"

"Your mission is very simple. Just cry when you need it. When Song Yiming's reputation is broken, our chances will come naturally."

"I know, then you have to be as soon as possible, I really can't stand the life like this now."

"Reassure, he is just a waste. As long as he loses his rights and wants to kill him, it is as simple as pinching an ant."

However, it was a few simple conversations, but Song Yijin’s face was completely defeated, and the evidence was in front of him. Even if he wanted to argue, there was no excuse to find it.

"Song Yijin, you are really disgusting! On the surface, you are better than anyone else, but your heart is better than anyone else. Even the brothers and sisters who have been sheltering themselves have been counted, it is a wolf!" Several people on the scene accused Song Yijin, watching him. The gaze is like watching a disgusting fly. They just blinked before they would be such a friend.

The pig teammates are even more angry and angry. When they think that they have just stood up and talked for such people, his face is like a slap in the face of a dozen slaps of fire. It is because of this. People, otherwise he will not be so humiliating, and will not offend the leader of the base!

The pig team walked up the front and lifted his foot to Song Yijin. Who knows that his feet have not touched Song Yijin, but his body suddenly started a fire.

"Ah! What's going on! How can I get angry on my body!" The pig teammate was scared and yelled. The fire was small, but it spread to the whole body in a short time, and his voice became more and more The more stern, "Save me! Ah!"

Su Shi looked calmly at this scene, and did not plan to save. For this kind of self-righteousness, in fact, he does not distinguish between right and wrong, and he is completely self-sufficient in behavior. He has not been so sympathetic, and his temper has always been indifferent. Song Yiming, naturally, will not even shoot.

Because this sudden fire burned too hard, it was a little scary, and some of the other people on the scene were scared, so even if they felt uncomfortable, everyone would dare to go forward and dare to go forward. In addition to the mourning, only Song Yijin’s strange laughter was left: “It’s just that you are too stupid. How can you blame me? Just that punch has made you take advantage of it. How can I let you meet me again?”

Because it was a fire that was filled with power, it didn’t take long for the hard work, and the miserable mourning stopped completely. The eyes of several people watched the body and Song Yijin on the ground two turns, except for the more aversion. There is also a deep fear, this person is a metamorphosis!

Song Yijin’s gaze also slowly turned to these people, and the fingertips slowly condensed a small cluster of flames: “Do you hate me too? Right, I don’t want to see you anymore, who let you know too. More?"

A few people were so scared that they shook their heads and tried to run away, but they thought that their companions had just been horrified, and they were afraid to hold back. They could only plead plead: "I beg you to let us go, what happened today, we will never say it." Really!"

"Unfortunately, I only believe in the dead." Song Yijin wrote a dark scorpion slightly condensed, at the same time, the flame of the fingertips has already flew toward several people.

A few people were scared and screamed again and again, and even forgot to escape, they could only subconsciously close their eyes and wait for the coming of death, but after a long few seconds, they did not feel a little hot and painful. Carefully open your eyes slowly.

Then they saw that the young fingertips who had just produced the evidence were holding a small group of flames, and looked at Song Yijin with a smile: "Don’t look at me like this, I am not alone in the moment to save them, of course. I don't mean to be against you. I just think that if you really let you do this, their voices will be very noisy, which will affect my good mood."

Su Shi did not do this with sympathy. After all, his sympathy has always been pitiful. He just thought that these people should be useful. After all, some things spit out from other populations, and from him and Song Yiming. Spit out in the mouth, the effect will be a lot different.

Song Yijin gritted his teeth and watched Su Shi’s fingertips slowly extinguish, and his heart was shocked and angry. Is Jiang Yan not an ordinary person without any power? Why can he intercept and even control his own flame? !

Is he, like himself, awakened to the firepower?

"Don't think too much, I am really just an ordinary person without any power." Su Shi smiled and shook his finger, but no longer explained further.

Song Yijin has been afraid of this person, and he can't help but be hesitated by his attitude, but he thinks that the situation has become like this. If he does not do it now, he will definitely be himself.

In this way, the hesitation of the heart was immediately suppressed. Song Yijin looked at Su Shi and Song Yiming with a sly look: "I originally wanted to send them to the road first, and then send you a ride, but since you are so Can't wait, let's start with you."

This time, without waiting for Su Shi to go up, Song Yiming actually sighed: "You are not qualified to hurt him."

"It seems that Big Brother is really very good at this person. I thought you would always be the half-dead. I didn't expect that I could see you open the day to protect others." Song Yijin looked at himself with sorrow. Brother, sneer, "Look at you rarely care about one person, big brother, rest assured, I will let him go to **** with you, big brother is satisfied with my arrangement?"

"I said, you are not qualified to hurt him." Song Yiming finally looked at Song Yijin, but the gaze is to see a dead person.

Song Yijin is the most disgusted with Song Yiming. This is a sneer in the face. "Isn’t it that I haven’t figured out my situation yet? Compared with the person next to you, you are in waste. The waste, not only does not awaken any abilities, or a disability that can't be done even if you stand up, so what qualification do you have to look at me like this? You look down on me from small to big, but the real thing that should be looked down is You are right! You are a waste without a little use!"

Su Shi can tolerate others to humiliate his lover, but when he just wanted to speak, he was caught by Song Yiming. Su Shi looked down at Song Yiming’s eyes and immediately grasped his lover’s plan. He shrugged and gave up his intention. Since the lover wants to force it, he certainly has to cooperate with him.

"Do you think I am a waste?" Song Yiming's voice was low and he couldn't see the slightest annoyance between his looks.

It’s rare to have a chance to reveal his true thoughts. Song Yijin will certainly not let go. His eyes release a strange light, and his voice is rushing: "Don't you? Is it a man like you, I am afraid there will be no women at all." Like it? After all, you can't move even the lower body, it's just useless! Do you think that Luo Zhenzhen really likes you to be close to you? Don't dream! I tell you, she is so good to you, all It is to help me! In her eyes, you are a waste that you will feel disgusting at first glance!"

"Luo Zhenzhen? Isn't she your woman?" Song Yiming still asked without any expression.

Su Shi heard this and couldn't help but smiled. Seeing Song Yiming and Song Yijin looked at themselves at the same time, and smiled and waved: "Sorry, I didn't mean it, you continue."

Song Yijin glanced at Su Shi with a hateful look. He was also stunned by this statement. Is there anything more serious than showing off with you, but the other party can’t understand what you mean more hurtful?

Song Yiming also realized that he had some deviations from his words. After withdrawing his sight, he asked: "Do you think you are stronger than me?"

"Of course I am stronger than you, a thousand times ten thousand times stronger than your waste!" Song Yijin sighed his chin in a sigh of relief, which would cover the fact that he had lived under the protection of Song Yijin for more than a decade. .

"I don't know that you have such ridiculous thoughts in your heart, but today, I will personally teach you a truth." Song Yiming's hands are pressed on the wheelchair armrests and it looks like he is ready to stand up. "Some dreams do. How long is it just a dream, it will never be a reality."

Song Yijin looked at his posture and sneered at him with rudeness: "Big brother is right, even if you feel uncomfortable in your heart, how can you struggle, your legs are absolutely impossible to stand up... get up..."

The last words of Song Yijin were unconsciously spit out, because his words had not been finished yet, and he saw that Song Yiming had left the wheelchair and stood up completely.

Song Yiming did not even stand up with the help of any external force. Song Yijin did not return to God at a time. Is his leg not cured? So what is going on now? !

Today, it is undoubtedly very memorable for Song Yijin, because on the same day, he thought that things that could never happen happened one after another, and this seems to be not the last one.

Of course, because this day of next year will be his jealous day.

"This...how is it possible?" Song Yijin looked at Song Yiming's legs with his eyes wide, and could hardly believe what he saw. Until Song Yiming stepped forward and took two steps, he woke up from the shock. "You can stand up, how is this possible! Your legs are not impossible to cure!"

"I didn't expect you to feel inferior to believe in your own eyes?" Song Yiming looked at Song Yijin with deep eyes, and his voice was quiet and quiet. "Then, there should be something that makes you feel more inferior."

After all, Song Yiming stepped forward to Song Yijin, and the momentum was like a mountain pressing Song Yijin, letting him subconsciously tighten and his heart panicked.

Song Yijin looked at Song Yiming in a panic and gnawed his teeth. "If you can stand up, how is it? Now it is the end of the world, there is no power, you are a waste!"

After all, Song Yijin will launch an abilities to attack Song Yiming. However, the ability that has just been used flexibly seems to have disappeared suddenly. No matter how hard he tries, he can't condense even a small cluster of flames.

How is this going! Why can't his powers be used!

Song Yijin's forehead came out with a fine cold sweat, but no matter how anxious his heart was, his body's abilities seemed to suddenly disappear, and no traces were found.

This can never be a coincidence, so who did this thing do? Thinking of the fact that Su Shi had intercepted and extinguished the flame that he had released with his power, Song Yijin’s gaze was so unwilling to bow to him. This must have been done by this person. It is simply too odious!

It was at this time that a big hand stretched straight out and instantly caught Song Yijin’s neck.

"You...what are you doing! You let me go!" Song Yijin noticed that Song Yiming, who had already come to him, began to struggle desperately, but he tried his best to untie the shackles on his neck because he was Le is almost breathless, Song Yijin can only be intermittent, "Let! Let's go... let go!"

"Is it hurt by the waste in my mouth, how do you feel?" Song Yiming looked at Song Yijin without looking at it. Even the tone of his speech was not ups and downs, just like the ants in his hand were just an ant. Times.

Su Shi stood in the spot and stared at his lover. Sure enough, no matter which lover of the mission world, he could burst into the sky.

It was at this time that Song Yiming suddenly looked back at Su Shi and his tone was deep and profound: "Auntie, you saw, I am stronger than him...a lot."

"..." Su Shi suddenly laughed and laughed, so dear, you must pretend to force this, just to prove to me that you are stronger than him? Why are you so cute? Su Shi smiled helplessly and happily. "Well, of course you are better than him. In my opinion, he is a waste that will feel disgusting at a glance. How can you compare with you?" What?"





 After getting a satisfactory answer, Song Yiming turned his eyes back to Song Yijin, but the ear tip has been silently red: "Song Yijin, are you not reconciled now? Once I was bad in my legs, you are healthy, but you have been I can't lift my head; now that the end of the world is coming, you are awake, and it is still not my opponent. Your life is doomed to be so incompetent."

Song Yiming did not open his mouth, and he immediately poked Song Yijin’s sore spot.

"You... Shut up!" Song Yijin's face was purple, and he was terribly uncomfortable, but he did not lose his heart's scorching resentment. Why? Why should he be suppressed by this waste everywhere? It is clear that he is better than Song Yiming, why all things are not his! This is not fair!

Song Yiming looked at Song Yijin without any expression: "I don't say it is not important, because you can't hear it soon."

"You...can't...kill me, I am yours...pro-...brother..." Song Yijin is still dying, there are always some people who never do consider the relationship between the two when they do excessive things. As soon as the role is changed, the first consideration is to become a sentiment, which is extremely ironic.

Song Yiming naturally would not be shaken by his ghost, but Su Shi opened his mouth at this time: "Mr. Song please wait."

Song Yiming was not very happy and looked at Su Shi with no expression on his face. Song Yijin’s eyes suddenly turned on: "Save... save me..."

"Mr. Xiao Song does not misunderstand, I am not trying to save you, just want to say a few more words with you before you die." Su Shi walked step by step to Song Yiming, and stretched out the song that Song Yiming was free. Hand, ten fingers, "Although most of the words you said are unscrupulous nonsense, but one of them is true, Mr. Song is really very good for me, and I am honored to get his maintenance. ""

Song Yijin heard his face cracked. Why did you specifically call Song Yiming to stop, is it to force the show to love?

The ball is also a bit cracked, and the degree of shamelessness of the host is really more and more terrible, even it feels unbearable.

Su Shi really wants to disgust with Song Yijin, but more is actually the maintenance of the lover. Song Yiming has always been a person who has not talked much, but now he has chosen to say these words before he is ready to take the life of Song Yijin. His words about Song Yijin were actually concerned.

The lover of this world is strong and fragile, so Su Shi should take good care of him.

"Of course, I will never let down the maintenance and protection of Mr. Song, because from a long time ago, I have already loved Mr. Song. Even if he had physical defects, even if he did not awaken any power in the last days, in my heart. He is the most powerful and beautiful existence, no one can compare," Su Shi smiled and continued to lyrical and affectionately. "Small Song, please rest assured, after you leave, I will take good care of Mr. Song, so You can safely get on the road."

Song Yijin suddenly wanted to break his own time. Why is he being abused in this way when he is about to die?

After hearing Su Shi's words, Song Yiming's eyes have become shiny, and the face that has been covered by the gloom has always been soaked in the warm sunshine, although still expressionless, it seems a lot softer.

"Auntie, I will not disappoint your deep feelings." Song Yiming's hand clasped Su Shi's hand tightly, and the other hand increased his strength because his heart was too excited. Song Yijin was blinded by his eyes. .

Su Shi suddenly felt a subtle misunderstanding. The reason why he said these words was because of the maintenance of his lover. By the way, he wanted to be angry with Song Yijin. But now the situation is that they are not so good at this point. Under the scene, confession?

In particular, now Song Yiming holds his hand in one hand, and the other hand seems to be still on the neck of Song Yijin?

Thinking of this, the black line in front of Su Shi’s forehead has emerged, but the two are already old wives. After Romance, they are not romantic. Anyway, there will be many romantic opportunities in the future, and he will endure for a while. .

Thinking about it, Su Shi’s black line before the balance fell, and smiled happily: “I know.”

Song Yiming was blinded by Su Shi’s smile. He had a bad control and directly twisted Song Yijin’s neck. But this did not affect his good mood at the moment, directly throwing people to the ground, Song Yiming to the other side. A few people who were confused by the scene in front of the scene: "The two bodies were treated."

After that, Song Yiming turned his head and looked at Su Shi, and his expression changed from cold and gloomy to gentle and watery, and faintly green: "Auntie, let's go back first."

"Does Mr. Song need not deal with the base first?" Su Shi blinked innocently. Although he did not regret that he had cured his lover's legs, he still wanted to let the other party have more abstinence for a few days. How to do?

Song Yiming firmly shook his head: "The matter of the base has been handled properly. Moreover, not everything in the base has to be asked."

"Well, let's go back first." Su Shi looked at the wheelchair not far away. Now that the load has been loaded, the wheelchair seems to be completely useless.

Su Shi, who thinks so much, is obviously too naive. Doesn't he know that there is another thing in the world called wheelchair play?

Song Yiming also looked at the past, his eyes flashed a little: "After a while, let people send it back."

"Good." Su Shi nodded no objection.

So in the next few minutes, many people in the base saw a picture that was enough to shock them for three years. The leader who had rarely appeared before appeared!

Even more frightening is that he not only appeared, but he also stood up from the wheelchair! !

Even more frightening is that the leader is also followed by a young man of Sven, the hands of these two people are actually brought together, or in a ten-point way! ! !

The people who saw this scene reached out and explored their foreheads in unison. They didn’t have a fever. Are they dreaming now?

Song Yiming couldn't care what these people thought. He almost eagerly pulled the partner who had just confirmed his relationship back to the villa, and then he couldn't wait to kiss him.

In fact, he had already wanted to do this. As early as when the two men were on the phone, when the voice came to the ear, Song Yiming couldn’t help but think that the lips that can spit out such **** voices should be sexy.

Su Shi’s heart actually wants to refuse, but his body seems to be unobtrusive, but his arm has spontaneously caught Song Yiming’s neck for a moment, and the two are even more difficult to kiss, and the body is close to each other. What will happen next, you will know when you watch the ball panic.

When Su Shi woke up from a deep sleep, it was already the morning of the next day. Song Yiming was not in the room. He dressed and walked to the stairs. He saw that Song Yiming was talking to a middle-aged man. Standing in the porch position, there is no dissatisfaction between the looks.

Almost as soon as Su Shi appeared, Song Yiming’s gaze immediately moved to his body, and his eyes softened instantly: “Auntie woke up, must be hungry? Breakfast is ready, in the kitchen.”

Song Yiming’s attitude became too fast and too thorough. Zhu Cheng glanced down at Su Shi, but the next moment he was stared at by a cold gaze. He was busy regaining his gaze and straightened his body: “Mr. Song’s if Without other instructions, I will retreat first."

Song Yiming nodded. When Zhu Cheng withdrew, the expression on his face slowly eased. Su Shi went downstairs and laughed. "What is Mr. Song doing?" In my opinion, no one else is better than Mr. Shang Song is a little bit sloppy, and I will not look at them more."

Su Shi said that this is not just for sensation. He knows that with the experience of Song Yiming, there must be many dark faces hidden in the depths of his heart. At the same time, in some respects, he will become very inferior and fragile, such as his recent actions. Su Shi does not want her lover to continue to maintain this state.

Perhaps Song Yiming of this character does have his unique charm, but Su Shi hopes that he is really happy and no longer has so many worries and fears.

Song Yiming heard the words really bright, confirming the words: "Can anyone compare?"

"Of course, no matter what Mr. Song is like, it is the best for me," Su Shi walked to Song Yiming and consciously nested in his arms. "I will only like Mr. Song alone." Whether it is this life, the next life, the next life... I only like Mr. Song."

Song Yiming's powerful arm clasped Su Shi, slightly exerting some force: "Auntie must not lie to me."

"No, at least in this matter, I will never lie to Mr. Song," Su Shi looked up and kissed Song Yiming's chin, lazy like a kitten. "Mr. Song is the best."

Song Yiming just saw the traces left by his neck. The eyes began to glow green again. His throat rolled slightly and his voice was lower than usual: "Auntie is hungry?"

"Fortunately, not very hungry." Su Shi touched his stomach, he is a person with a hand in the valley, and hunger is destined to miss him.

Song Yiming raised his mouth: "But I seem to be hungry again, how can Auntie accompany me?"

"Okay, what do you want to eat?" Because it was in the arms of Song Yiming, Su Shi could not see the other person's expression completely, and Song Yiming's tone was a habitual flat wave, which made him hug the bed. Su Shi only reacted to Song Yiming to eat is actually himself!

When he was gently pressed under his body, Su Shi wanted to cry and tears, thinking that the lover of this world needs so much in this respect, he will not cure the other party so early! This is simply a self-satisfaction, not alive!

Before the ball was once again dormant, it sighed and thought that it was a good time for a man to be there. Finally, it was not only that it was ruthlessly bullied.





 After solving the original shock and anger, Luo Zhenzhen quickly cried and prayed for Song Yiming's forgiveness, and repeatedly said that she was sincere to Song Yiming. She was blinded by Song Yijin's intrigues. The land is calculated by Song Yiming.

In this regard, Song Yiming only felt intolerance and disgust. He was preparing to directly throw Luo Zhenzhen, who had not been dealt with because he was completely neglected, to throw out the base. Su Shi in his arms came over and sighed: "Mr. Song is not anxious." I want to say a few more words to Miss Luo."

Su Shi’s temper has always been very interesting. He clearly has a one-size-fits-all situation. He has to go to disgusting and disgusting enemies. Song Yiming has to play by him: "Well, I will accompany you."

Luo Zhenzhen did not expect Song Yiming to promise to see himself. Did he really care about himself before? Although Song Yiming did not look like this when he faced himself, Luo Zhenzhen still entered the villa with a faint ambition, standing in the living room and not even sitting down.

After waiting for more than ten minutes, Luo Zhenzhen’s legs stood sour, only to see Song Yiming and Su Shi walked in tandem.

Luo Zhenzhen quickly gestured, slightly lowered his head, but his eyes turned around: "Mr. Song, Mr. Jiang."

Now all the people in the base know that Song Yiming’s legs can be cured. It’s all Jiang’s credit, and Jiang Yan is not only the exclusive doctor of Song Yiming, but also his intimate lover, so even if he is not in his heart, At the same time, it is also very resentful, but Luo Zhenzhen did not dare to show it.

But this is obviously only that she thought she was hiding very well. In fact, when Su Shi saw her first sight, she was teased by the strong disdain and resentment in her eyes: "I don't seem to remember where I have offended Miss Luo. What did Miss Luo look at me like this?"

Luo Zhenzhen was busy hanging down the scorpion, so he lost his way: "Is there any misunderstanding of Mr. Jiang? I have no dissatisfaction with Mr. Jiang."

Song Yiming was so eager to turn his face directly by this delicate voice, but when he saw Su Shi’s good look, he had to endure it, but he did not forget to sneak a shot to Su Shi. "For you, I even have this. Forbearance, you must compensate me for a while.

Su Shi was better off with this look. After sitting down, she said to Luo Zhenzhen: "Miss Luo really shouldn’t have any dissatisfaction with me. On the contrary, you should be grateful to me because you can stand now. Here is Mr. Song I requested, otherwise he will not have time to see you."

Luo Zhenzhen looked at Song Yiming subconsciously, as if he hoped that he could stand up and deny this statement, but Song Yiming only looked at Su Shidao: "Auntie is too kind, Song Yijin's woman, what is good?"

Wen Yan, Luo Zhenzhen's face is cracked, what is Song Yijin's woman? Did Song Yiming always know that she is a woman of Song Yijin? !

For the first time, Luo Zhenzhen felt that she had failed so much. Although she was always doing drama, she did not really feel tempted by Song Yiming, but the person who thought she was cheated by herself knew everything. Instead, she was more like a jumping clown. The feeling is really terrible!

It seems that there is a sigh of relief in the throat, so that Luo Zhenzhen wants to maintain a smile on his face is difficult, she has not even said what to say, look at Song Yiming like this, simply did not put themselves in the eye.

When I think about it, Luo Zhenzhen can only bite his teeth and squat in front of the two: "Mr. Song, Mr. Jiang, I was fooled by Song Yijin before, I will say that, now I am really wrong. I beg you to forgive my stupidity before."

"If Miss Luo is really stupid, maybe I can consider reducing the punishment, but Miss Luo said this, and cursing me and Mr. Song on the other side of the heart, this is not very good." In Song Yiming's arms, he found a comfortable posture for himself. Originally he was sitting directly on the sofa, but he was quickly pulled into his arms by Song Yiming.

Luo Zhenzhen was shocked and stared at Su Shi’s eyes, which made her feel like she was seen through, but how could it be! She quickly calmed her mind and barely smiled: "How could Mr. Jiang think so? I just hope to make up for my previous mistakes, and how could this idea come about?"

"But I clearly see it clearly," Su said, blinking his eyes, a serious and authentic, "I have clearly concealed it very well. Why did Jiang Yan guess my thoughts? Can he really see through me?" Is it inside?' Isn't this just the idea that Miss Luo just thought? Even comparing herself to a clown, Miss Luo is really interesting."

If the idea just said is just speculation under the panic, then now, Luo Zhenzhen is really scared by Su Shi’s words, he actually knows what he is thinking! This is simply terrible!

Luo Zhenzhen looked at Su Shi with her big eyes and was scared to directly hold it.

"Want to know why I can see your thoughts?" Su Shi raised his chin slightly, his eyes stunned. "Because I have a pair of eyes that can see through everything, this may be my ability?"

Obviously, in order to force the force, Su Shi has manually loaded the "eye of the soul" props that were previously exchanged.

Luo Zhenzhen has a slightly open mouth, but she can't speak at all. She has never heard of such an ability in this world! Shouldn't the abilities be directed at zombies?

"I also feel that such an ability is very tasteless. After all, I am more willing to figure out what the zombies think about it than to see your slag." Su Shi shrugged helplessly. Looking down at Song Yiming’s hand and his fingers in his hands, it seems that he is really boring now. “But since we have already said this, what is Miss Luo’s words? Do you want to say?"

Luo Zhenzhen is about to collapse. Her thoughts are clearly seen. What else can she say now? She said nothing can hide her true thoughts!

"Since Miss Luo has nothing to say, then change me." Su Shi’s fingers were itched by Song Yiming. He moved his fingers, but he was held tightly by the other side. He had no choice but to give up the struggle. "If Miss Luo did not go this way, I and Mr. Song probably have forgotten the existence of this person. After all, I am afraid that no one will spend their brains to remember a person who is neither important nor more, but since Miss Luo is looking for the door. Come, then I and Mr. Song have to seriously think about how to punish you."

Luo Zhenzhen shook his head desperately, tears flowed down: "I am wrong, I am really wrong, I will leave, and will never appear in front of the two!"

I knew that it would be such an ending. Why did she appear here before?

"It’s a pity that it’s too late," Su Shi said with a silver tooth. "But the punishment, I can give you two choices. One is driven out of the base, died outside the base, one is staying, dead. Which one do you prefer in the base?"

This made Luo Zhenzhen fall down directly, and it seemed like no strength: "Don't! Please don't kill me!"

"Since you don't want to choose, then let me choose for you," Su Shi took a coin from his pocket with a free hand and bounced it at his fingertips. "The front is 1, the opposite side." It was 2, so it was so happily decided."

After that, Su Shi completely ignored Luo Zhenzhen’s desperate voice of “don’t want” and directly bombed the coin into the air. In just a few seconds, it seemed to Luo Zhenzhen to be as long as a whole century, but it seems It’s just a blink of an eye.

Luo Zhenzhen’s eyes stared at the coin until Su Shi regained the ring. Her breathing was re-circulated, but it became very urgent. She was going to die. She was very aware of this. Everything has become nothingness, she can't catch it.

But she doesn't want to die!

Luo Zhenzhen shouted in her heart, she was already crying and crying. She only wanted to get up in a hurry, but she had no strength at all. She could only climb and walk to the door, so she did not notice, behind her. A sly and cold look.

Until she finally climbed out of the villa, Luo Zhenzhen was relieved. She wiped her nose and tears on her face. She just had to take a deep breath and climbed up from the ground. She saw a pair of black shoes appearing in front of her. .

Luo Zhenzhen’s heart jumped, his eyes slowly moved up with fear, and he finally saw a vaguely smirked face: “Mr. Jiang had specifically explained it before, if Miss Luo left the villa within half an hour, let We will send you out of the base, please ask Miss Luo here."

Luo Zhenzhen stunned for a moment, then "ah" got a fainting.

Hearing the screams outside, Su Shi unknowingly threw the coins on the coffee table: "Being scared like this, I feel that I have no sense of accomplishment."

"Auntie feels dissatisfied. I can ask someone to bring her back, so that she should not be so scared." Song Yiming continued to play Su Shi's fingers.

"Still you don't want to, seeing such a person will also turn your appetite, let you accompany me..." Su Shi smiled and looked back at Song Yiming, because he forgot to take the [eye of the soul], he was cold. I saw the thought of Song Yiming.

[How can my baby be so cute? I really want to overwhelm him now. ]

Su Shi blinked, as if there was something wrong with it? He quickly took the props down and just had to breathe a sigh of relief. Song Yiming had already hugged him all over: "Baby must be tired? Let's go upstairs and rest."





 Su Shi, who was forced to "rest" once again, woke up again. It was already afternoon. Seeing Song Yiming was calmly leaning on the bed to read a book. Su Shi was a little sullen and stretched his foot and licked him.

Song Yiming looked back at Su Shi, his eyes softened instantly, and he consciously put down the book and helped Su Su: "Hungry? Don't eat?"

“Not hungry,” Su Shi shook his head and turned his eyes. “Mr. Song’s abilities look very different from ordinary abilities. When did he wake up?”

Before Song Yiming could restrain the power of Song Yijin, he did not have a bit of power.

"Probably not an ability, but suddenly there is a bunch of steerable substances in my mind. This kind of substance can suppress the launch of other abilities, but it seems that there is no other effect." The two have been physically and mentally blended, Song Yiming Naturally, there will be no more concealment of Su Shi. He looks at Su Shidao with deep gaze. "As for time, after you help me cure my legs."

Su Shi’s eyes flashed, and his heart was inexplicably painful. He seemed to know exactly where Song Yiming’s “power” came from, and Song Yiming obviously thought that this matter was related to himself.

"I don't know what's going on here. Maybe it's the medicinal medicine that has stimulated your body function." Su Shi sighed and took the pain of his heart down. He didn't expect Ling Tian to leave before leaving. It will also do such a thing for Song Yiming. "Is there any other strange feeling in Mr. Song’s body?"

Song Yiming shook his head and said very seriously: "Besides the special desire to sleep with you, my body is not unusual for the time being."

"..." Su Shi simply did not know what to put on the expression, the property has changed, why is the lover's ability to speak love is as high as ever?

Su Shi coughed twice, see Song Yiming misunderstood his own meaning, and did not ask any more. It seems that his real abilities have not yet awakened. In general, most people's abilities are awakened at the beginning of the last days. However, the situation like Song Yiming obviously cannot be judged by common sense.

But now Song Yiming's body has been restored to the best state, no matter what awakening ability should be able to withstand, Su Shi is not worried about this problem.

Seeing Su Shi no longer speak, Song Yiming paused and asked: "Auntie is awakening two kinds of powers?"

"Two kinds of abilities?" Su Shi yawned and moved Song Yiming's big palm to his thigh, where it was sorely sore.

"These days I haven't seen you eating normally, but I haven't seen you say hungry. It's the same today, so I guess you may have space power, plus your previous performance in the living room, it should be a very special kind. Abilities?" Song Yiming said to Su Shi, while telling his own guess.

Su Shi couldn't help but smile. He simply explained the package: "I have space power, but my "space" is not a material, and there is no way to put materials. There is only medicinal medicine. It should be said. It's all kinds of medicinal herbs, and the reason why I don't need to eat is because I took the puffer stored inside."

Say, Su Shi directly put out a row of medicinal herbs, one by one to Song Yiming, Song Yiming looked at the medicinal herbs in front of himself with amazement, and it was rare to reveal a slightly cute and strange color.

As for the existence of [Eyes of the Soul], Su Shi did not mention it, because the previous ball has explained to him that in order to maintain the balance and stability of the mission world, many props in the props mall are only allowed to be used by the system binder, and [ The Eye of the Soul is one of them.

Since you can't share it with your lover, and Su Shi doesn't plan to use this kind of props, there is no need to mention it.

After sharing all kinds of interesting medicinal herbs with his lover, Su Shi shunned the road: "Speaking, since I came to the base, I have not gone out any more. I don't know what it looks like outside. If Mr. Song is free, Can you go out with me to play?"

Now that Song Yiming’s legs are ready, it’s time to open the boring and pitted mainline mission.

In fact, Song Yiming did not have a long time to deal with the official business of the base. He did not like to have too much contact with others. Secondly, Zhu Cheng was indeed very capable. Most of the things did not need to be specifically asked to ask Song Yiming.

So when I heard Su Shi’s words, Song Yiming only pondered for a moment and promised: “Alright, let’s go out together.”

"Then let's go tomorrow. I listened to Zhu Cheng. Just tomorrow, there will be a team collecting materials ready to go to B city. Let's play with the past?" Su Shi chose to go to the B city group, obviously Not a random incident, but he still has a few good family members who have not abused it.

Song Yiming’s words are a stern look: “When did Auntie know Zhu Cheng?”

"..." Why is it so ordinary that a lover can accurately grasp the point of jealousy? Su Shi was a little helpless, and patted Song Yiming's arm in a soothing manner. "What is Mr. Song thinking about? I really only have Mr. Song alone. Other people even have exchanges, but they are only the most common and alienated relationship. Song What else can Mr. be upset?"

Song Yiming licked his lips and held Su Shi tighter: "Since Auntie said this, let's set off tomorrow."

As for the work in the base, since Zhu Cheng still has time to deal with his own baby, it is obviously too busy, and it is also appropriate to arrange more work for him.

The poor and innocent Zhu Cheng soon learned of this bad news, but in addition to crying to help his boss to arrange the trip, what can I do? He is also very desperate.

Su Shi and Song Yiming joined a group of ten people, all of whom are abilities. The leader of the team leader is a strong person with both fire and earth abilities. Among them are the space abilities who reserve materials. From the perspective of comprehensive strength, this group is ranked in the top ten in the entire base, otherwise this task will not fall on them.

For this reason, when I learned that the leader of the base, and his exclusive doctors are going to walk with them, or holding the reason why the world is so big, I want to see it, the whole group is not too Happy, after all, in the last days, the concept of status has gradually faded, and strength almost determines everything.

So even if Song Yiming is the leader of this base, he can't hide the fact that he didn't wake up any abilities, but he still had nothing to look for. Although he heard that the leader had killed the younger brother who had awakened the firepower by hand, but that In most people's eyes, no matter how you look at it, it can only be a coincidence.

"Hello, this time, Mr. Song and I will bother you to take care of you." Su Shi smiled and nodded to the group, as if they did not notice their contempt and disgust.

Su Shi is quite understanding of them. In the end of the zombies, wherever the murderous murders are everywhere, I am afraid that no one will be happy to bring such two oil bottles.

However, he still wants to remind these young people that sometimes it is really unreasonable to take people by appearance. I want to express my disdain. At least I have to wait until I know how much the other party has a few pounds or two. Otherwise, I have to be beaten.

The only thing that hides his true emotions is that he is still friendly. Zhang Te, who is the captain, smiled and slammed the door and opened the door: "Please get on the bus, we are going to leave." ”

Su Shi nodded and pulled Song Yiming into the back seat of a modified off-road vehicle. Zhang Te took the front passenger. The driver was a 30-year-old middle-aged man who looked calm. .

As for the others, they all went to the same heavy-duty truck that had been modified, and the group set off.

Because it was running in the B city, the pedestrians had to clean up the supplies in the necessary places, and they were desperately trying to hurry at other times. However, it took a full seven days to reach the B city.

Zhang Teben thought that Song Yiming and Jiang Yan were the kind of people who had not suffered too much. They certainly couldn’t stand the bumps and tiredness on the way. I didn’t expect them to complain from beginning to end, even without wrinkling their brows, even if they were For the fast-expired compressed biscuits that the team members deliberately turned out to tease them, both of them also ate their eyes without jumping.

Although there was no fighting power, but it did not bring any extra trouble to the team, it made Zhang Te have changed these two people.

On the outskirts of City B, the group first found a relatively safe place to adjust the interest rate, and further determined the more detailed and complete action plan.

They came to B city this time. On the surface, they were carrying the banner of collecting materials, but they actually went to the experimental equipment in a hospital in B city. Although the end of the last days had just arrived, Song Yiming’s eyes had been put into medical experiments. I hope that in this way I can solve the mystery of the zombies and open up a new era of humanity.

In the original plot, Song Yiming was killed by Song Yijin not long after the end of the last days, and the plot was gone. No one knows whether Song Yijin continued to follow this study in the words of Song Yiming, and did not know whether this study was later. What results are produced.

But now that Su Shi is coming, the ball is coming. Many things are still not done, and he can get the answer.

For example, in this matter, after learning about Song Yiming's plan, Su Shi let the ball explore the relevant information. Although the ball has not yet calculated the exact result, it is probably concluded that the direction and method are correct. The result of this incident is only a matter of time.

"The team leader, tomorrow, I will go to Xiao Zhaoxian to explore the situation. Although it has been a while since the end of the world, it is a densely populated city B and a hospital. It is still necessary to be careful." The young man with a stroke ability is open to suggest.

Known as Xiao Zhao, he is a very old Thunderbolt. He agrees with the tunnel: "Our two of us have reached the level of 2, and the action is very flexible. It should not be a problem."

Zhang Te looked at the two people, and looked at the other members. He just had a head, but he heard Su Shi say at this time: "If you are relieved, it is better to give it to me and Mr. Song."

When this was said, everyone except Song Yiming looked at Su Shi with a mentally retarded look. Even Zhang Te felt that he had just raised his feelings about the two people and was dispelled. So these two people Is it finally going to give them trouble?





 When so many people looked at it with such gaze, Su Shi shrugged helplessly: "Does I and Mr. Song look like unreliable people?"

Although Song Yiming did not speak, but also cooperated with the release of pressure, Zhang Te had to smile and waved: "We are not doubting the strength of the two, but the danger of this is too great, we must not let The two are in danger."

"But I feel that if it is for me to go with Mr. Song, the danger is much lower than that of you." Su Shi said with confidence, but it made the team members look more into his eyes.

This guy who has no abilities at all is over-conceited, or has a problem with his head, will he say such words so loudly?

Su Shi also did not care what other people think, and turned to look at Song Yiming: "What does Mr. Song think of my proposal?"

"Mr. Song, this task we have already..." Zhang Te quickly spoke up, but before he could fully express his thoughts, he saw that Song Yiming had nodded.

"Very good." Song Yiming is clearly standing on the side of Su Shi.

The black line in front of Zhang Te's forehead has come down. If this person is not the leader of the base, but his subordinates, he will definitely give him a foot, and of course, the person who is not awake in proposing such a plan: "Mr. Song, we have a detailed plan for this mission. You know the importance of the mission, so I don't think it is necessary to change the plan temporarily. What do you think?"

"As long as the aunt is happy." Song Yiming responded with an understatement.

"Mr. Song!" Xiao Zhao screamed, but he was swallowed back by Zhang Te’s eyes.

"Mr. Song, you and Mr. Jiang have no powers, and the hospital is a place where zombies gather. It is very dangerous. I still feel that this plan will not work." Zhang Te said quietly, but he must stop this. The two went to die, but Song Yiming was the chief of the base after all. If something happened in his own hands, he had to take up this responsibility.

Therefore, even if the behavior of these two people is obviously unreasonable, and they are dead, Zhang Te has to stretch his hand to stop.

But obviously some people are not so easy to stop. Su Shi waved his hand and smiled innocently: "You can rest assured that since I dare to propose this plan, I naturally have absolute certainty. You don't have to worry about this."

"Mr. Najiang can tell us, what is the absolute grasp of yours? If Mr. Jiang really has the perfect grasp, I don’t think the team leader will stop you. If not, please don’t ask the two. I finally pointed out the task of this time. "At last, some members couldn't help but express their dissatisfaction in a straightforward way. It was already very tired with two cumbersome things. Now these two cumbersome things are still confusing. This is Staying in the base for a long time, have forgotten what the end of the world is like?

Zhang Te reluctantly took the next look, how this person has nothing to add, but he did not say anything more.

"You really want to know where my grasp comes from?" Su said, blinking his eyes and turning his head and holding Song Yiming's arm. "Do you think Mr. Song can tell them their secrets?"

Song Yiming did not look at the expressions of the members of the group. He spit out two words directly with a low voice: "No."

These two words simply blow up the members of the group. If you want to play, you can play with yourself. I will not accompany you after a short break!

"I originally wanted to share it with you, but Mr. Song did not allow it, and I couldn't help it." Su Shi shrugged and shrugged innocently, looking at the expression that everyone almost split, and was in a good mood.

Song Yiming also immediately hammered the sound: "Tomorrow, I will go to the hospital with the aunt to inquire about the situation. You should rest here first, or go out and search for supplies."

"But Mr. Song, after all, you are starting with us, how can we care about your safety?" Zhang Te's heart is also vomiting blood, but on the surface still have to persuade a persuasion.

"This is an order from the head of the base. Any consequences are borne by me personally." Song Yiming finally left such a sentence and took Su Shi to their two temporary rooms.

Even if Zhang Te still feels helpless, but the other party has said this to the point, he really has nothing to say.

"The team leader, they are simply too much! They are willing to be self-willed, and it is not time for us to come back to the pot?!" Xiao Zhao screamed at the table with anger.

The other people were all looking forward to each other. Zhang Te reluctantly sighed and slowly stood up: "When they set off tomorrow, they will send a few more people to follow. They will be noisy, but we can’t care about them. ""

Su Shi, who walked to the corner of the stairs, just heard this sentence, but it was a little better for Zhang Te. It seems that he can make the ball more live tomorrow.

The reason why Zhang Te did not directly arrange who followed the past was because he planned to follow him personally the next day, but this decision is expected to be opposed by the whole staff. He did not mention this.

This idea has already been confirmed, but when he woke up from his sleep the next morning, he found that Song Yiming and Jiang Yan had disappeared!

Zhang Te Meng forced for a moment, some did not believe in their own vigilance, even when the two started when they did not know!

Although I didn't know the time when the two started, Zhang Te immediately made the decision to go immediately and chased the past. He just stopped in the living room and was stopped by his own subordinates: "Head leader, don't go."

"I know that you are dissatisfied with Mr. Jiang, but now is not the time to worry about these, you must let go!" Zhang Te gas field is fully open, the voice is fierce.

Xiao Zhao shook a bit, and very helplessly took out a note: "I don't want to stop you. It is Mr. Song who gave the order as the leader and told us not to look for them."

Zhang Te frowned and took a look at the paper, but the decision still did not change: "Then I have to go and see."

Xiao Zhao was busy stopping Zhang Te: "No, Mr. Jiang also left us a note saying that their departure time is five o'clock in the morning. It is already eight o'clock. Even if the team leader is leaving now, it should happen. It has already happened."

Zhang Teyi took a look at Xiao Zhao, but he also knew that he was right. He looked particularly grim at a time. Although Mr. Song had said that he did not need his person in charge, it was impossible.

Thinking of this, Zhang Te was very weak and sighed: "Although time has passed for a long time, I still have a look at it in the past, always go and see."

"Then we are going to go over together. Now, in this case, there are more people who are insured instead." Xiao Zhao proposed.

Zhang Te thought about it and didn't refuse it, but he was still worried about it.

What Zhang did not expect at all was that the two people who were missed by him at this time were happily playing zombies in the zombies.

Because of the stagnation of Dan, the two walked in the middle of the zombies, as long as they were careful not to be scratched by the other party, there was no problem at all.

However, Su Shi’s time was to complete the main task. If the zombie does not attack Song Yiming, he will not be able to complete the task even if he blows the zombie’s head.

After careful consideration, Su Shi came up with a good idea. He asked Song Yiming to take the metal stick to take the initiative to provoke the zombies. Although he could not detect the breath of the two, the zombies would still react after being beaten. Su Shi took another stick to blow the zombie's head. Congratulations on helping the man to get 1% IQ!

The ball was almost stunned on the sidelines, especially when I saw a big cockroach like Song Yiming who was holding a stick to provoke a zombie, or a handful of it, it felt that the data was disordered. It is.

However, although this method seems silly, it is very effective, but in two or three hours, the progress of the main task of the mission world has been raised from 0% to 100%, the task is completed, and the flowers are scattered.

"Okay, let's go back now." Su Shi took a shot of Song Yiming's arm and smiled very happily. Although the other party had no knowledge of the task, he still reported 100% trust and patiently. It’s as good as ever to help you complete the task yourself.

“Need to go to the hospital to see?” Song Yiming lost the metal stick and got into the car with Su Shi.

Su Shi shook his head and took out the information that prepared the ball in advance: "There is no need to go through it, the information you get is here."

After taking the information and browsing it, Song Yiming’s eyes flashed slightly, but he did not say much. When the two returned to their temporary residence, Zhang Te and others were preparing to leave.

Seeing that the two people who had been drowned in the zombies had returned intact, Xiao Zhao’s eyes were coming out quickly.

Su Shi slammed down from the off-road vehicle, and it was very loaded and raised his hand: "Good morning everyone."

Even Zhang Te’s face was full of arrogance, but he soon realized that the two might not be ordinary people who did not awaken any power, but for some reason they did not publish it. .

Zhang Te reflected on his previous actions and quickly adjusted his mood: "Mr. Song, Mr. Jiang, you will be back soon."

Song Yiming took the information standing next to Su Shi, but he had no plans to open his mouth. In the face of such a silent lover, Su Shi had to do it for himself: "This is some information we have found to see if it helps you."

Said, Su Shi passed the thick piece of information, and then directly took Song Yiming to go inside, and his eyes swept around the group members, like a smile: "I will meet like me again." People who don’t look too good on the surface, don’t take it easy.

The faces of the group members suddenly turned red, and the expression was more like eating flies. What is the feeling of being ruthlessly face-lifting?

But without waiting for this kind of bad feeling to be more profound, I listened to the voice of my own team leader and said: "How is this possible!"

Xiao Zhao immediately scraped together: "The leader, what happened? Is there a problem with this information?"

"No," Zhang Te looked at the number of zombies in the hospital. He probably wrote very detailed information in each area, and his eyes were bright and bright. "This information is very helpful to us."





 With the high-definition materials provided by Su Shi, the specific plan for Zhang's specific system has become more and more convenient. Don't ask why he has no doubt about the authenticity of this information, because he has already become Su Shi's brain powder!

However, Zhang Te will soon find out that perhaps "black powder" is more suitable for him than the "brain powder" creature, because in the face of such a wonderful thing, Su Shi is destined to make a soup, no matter what plan he has customized. Who told this guy to not play cards according to common sense! Wrath!

"Mr. Jiang, we are going to start the task tomorrow, do you want to be with us?" Even the little Zhao who was quite invisible to Su Shi in the previous moment, this moment also came with a big change in attitude.

Su Shi is still the innocent and innocent smile: "If I need to, I am willing to help, but I have a small request."

"What requirements?" Zhang Te also followed. When they just researched the new plan, Su Shi did not express any opinion, just sitting on the sofa next to drink water.

Su Shi smiled and blinked: "Whenever you see something, you have to pretend that you don't see it, you can't mention it to other people, can you?"

At this time, Zhang Te does not know how his world view will be affected by a huge impact, but he knows how to keep secrets for others. After meditation for a moment, he nodded: "Mr. Jiang please rest assured that we are not a mouthful. ”

Other team members also gave assurances that the attitude toward Su Shi was no longer despised.

After these days, Su Shi has already had a certain understanding of this group. Although it is still immature in some respects, these people’s conduct is still quite good, especially with the special leader of Zhang Te, Su Shi. I really don't mind helping them.

"That would be annoying to Mr. Jiang." Zhang Te shook his fist and looked at Su Shi’s eyes with respect.

This book is only a kind of admiration for the strong, but Song Yiming looked a little unhappy. He took the first two steps and stretched his arms around Su Shi’s waist and swore the sovereignty: "Auntie is going I will follow the past."

Zhang Te has long seen that the relationship between the two people is not normal, but he is not interested in the private affairs of others, so he did not show any strangeness. At this time, see Song Yiming revealing this gesture, immediately knowing, and being busy with correct attitude. Dao: "The command of this mission, as well as the right to redeploy the team members, will be handed over to Mr. Song and Mr. Jiang. If the two have any opinions on the plan, they can communicate with me in time."

"I know, I will see you tomorrow." Su Shi smiled and waved his hand, and his heart was helpless to the lover's jealousy, but what else can he do? The lover is jealous, he must be a good sneak peek, as for how to swear, I am afraid that even the ball does not know.

Early the next morning, Zhang Te’s team members gathered in the living room. After waiting for nearly half an hour, they waited for Su Shi and Song Yiming who went downstairs, but everyone did not complain. After all, powerful people always have some privileges.

"Mr. Song, Mr. Jiang." Zhang Te got up and greeted the two.

Su Shi smiled and nodded, his eyes swept over the group members: "Have everyone already had breakfast?"

"I am going to eat it, do the two come together?" Although Zhang Te’s mouth said so, it was obviously a special trip to wait for the two to have dinner together.

Su Shi looked at Song Yiming and smiled and shook his head: "No, we just had eaten in the room."

Lovers have always been unwilling to contact other people. It is already very difficult for him to walk with these people this time. You should also be more lovable, otherwise he may start jealous again in the next second.

Song Yiming heard the words, the slightly tight face was slightly relieved, and the hand holding Su Shi also used a little effort.

"Then please wait for a while, we will soon be fine." Zhang Te did not care, or redundantly expressed anything, just let the little money go to the prepared meal.

Small money is the one with spatial abilities in the group.

When Su Shi saw today's breakfast, she realized that Zhang Te should have spent a lot of thoughts, although it was only a few buns, plus some gimmicks, but in the last days, especially in this case, I could eat such fresh food. The steaming buns are enough to be extravagant.

Su Shi’s eyes flashed and he communicated with the ball: “How is Zhang’s physique?”

The ball scanned Zhang Ting's physical condition, as the truth said: "In this mission world, Zhang Te's physique is in the middle and upper class, physical fitness is about 7-8 times that of ordinary people, and the ability is almost reaching level 3, But here is the end of the world's complex structure. He has accumulated a lot of toxins in his body, which has a slight impact on his body function. In addition, his real strength is hard to be fully stimulated in this environment."

"I know." Su Shi touched his chin.

The ball was hard to be smart. I guessed the idea of ​​my own host and took it with me: "The host should do good things occasionally, so that you can cultivate your sentiments and make your life more fulfilling. Very good?"

In fact, what the ball wants to say is that I hope that the host will do a lot of good things, and I will be better for me in the future. Don't always toss me.

However, Su Shi obviously could not understand the good intentions of the ball. He only heard a smile and looked at it with a smile: "To do good, this setting is obviously not suitable for me."

"It’s okay to do it occasionally." The ball is authentic.

At this time, Zhang Te had quickly solved the breakfast, and the group got up and walked over: "Mr. Song, Mr. Jiang, we are ready."

"Then be ready to go," Su Shi patted Song Yiming's thigh, got up from the sofa, and took a small bottle from his trouser pocket. "But before that, you need to give this thing to you, one for each person." Eat it."

Zhang Te's subordinates, look at me, I look at you, I am a little hesitant, they do not know what Jiang Yan is coming out, it should not be poison?

However, as the leader of the team, Zhang Te, after taking the bottle, did not hesitate to pour out a pill and swallowed it. Although other team members could not fully trust Su Shi, they still trusted the team leader. They have taken pills.

"Let's go!" Su Shi smiled and waved, pulling Song Yiming to go outside.

The seat of the pedestrian is still the same as before. Su Shi and other four people took the off-road vehicle, followed by a heavy truck. Because of the invincible navigation of the ball, the pedestrian did not encounter many zombies along the way, and arrived very smoothly. The destination.

When he arrived at the hospital, Su Shi took the door and walked off the car. He had to go inside. Although Zhang Te had realized that this person should be a powerful character, he still felt a little uneasy. He got off the bus and stopped: "Mr. Jiang, hospital There are so many zombies in the house, is it not appropriate for us to go directly in this way?"

Not waiting for Su Shi to respond, Song Yiming who followed the car has been very cool and said: "You can manage your own people, my people, you don't have to worry about it."

Zhang Temo is famous. Does he really have any thoughts on Jiang Yan?

Su Shi smiled and glanced at Song Yiming, and turned his head to Zhang Tedao: "Zhang group long don't worry, I have my own size, you can call them all down."

Zhang special sees Su Shi is not like joking, this only greets other members to get off the bus, and everyone is ready, Su Shi directly said: "I just gave you the medicine you can, you can hide yours within six hours. Breath, as long as you don't take the initiative to provoke zombies, or deliberately make a huge move, they will not come to you for trouble."

Zhang Tewen couldn't help but look at his eyes, and he was surprised. He thought that this should be just a joke. He never heard of any drugs that could hide people's breath. Others obviously have such thoughts. I just thought that Jiang Yan was still a reliable person. As a result, the other party came here. Is this person really deliberately messing up?

Seeing that everyone did not believe, Su Shi did not say a little smile, went straight to the hospital, and went to a zombie who was wandering around. Zhang Te looked nervously at Su Shi, and was preparing to When necessary, I saw that the zombie was not aware of anything after Su Shi’s approach. Instead, he turned his head and slowly went in the other direction.

At this moment, Zhang Te quite has a kind of expression that does not know what to put out, and the feeling of being sour that it is forced to open the door of the new world. Others have changed from being completely unbelievers to being incredulous and having to believe.

Oh my God! This world really has such a panacea that can hide itself under the nose of zombies, why they have never heard of it before!

With such things in hand, they are still worried about zombies! This is simply a cheating device against zombies! Maybe... can they also consider the strange thing of coexisting with zombies?

Su Shi admired the complicated and complex expression of everyone, and walked back in a leisurely way: "Next, everyone started to move? Yesterday, in addition to exploring the situation of this hospital, I also found several other ones, and maybe you also Equipment needed."

Said, Su Shi did not know where to take out a thick piece of information, handed it to Zhang Te: "The situation is now understood by everyone, the task is not difficult, everyone is arrogant, it should not take long I evacuated the equipment of this hospital, and then we went to the next one."

Zhang Te, who has just been opened to the new world gate, has some recollections to take over the information. He is silent and half-sounding, and only spits out a word: "Good."

"I have already discussed with Mr. Song before. The third hospital is the closest to the current temporary residence, so we can set it as the last stop. What do you think?" Su Shi chose the third hospital as the last stop. In fact, it is mainly because the original family's best family members are now staying in that area.

Speaking of it, this family of three is unlucky. At first, Jiang Tian took Zhao Guiqin to the B city with great pains and hardships. When he found the father of the original master, Jiang Kai, it just happened to catch up with the mass transfer of people in B city. This is an excellent opportunity. At that time, Zhao Guiqin was so unwilling to bring such a person who could be corpse at any time because of the sudden high fever. The Jiang Kaifu and the daughter could not directly leave Zhao Guiqin, and this was delayed for a few days.

When Zhao Guiqin’s body finally got better, the big troops had already left. Two of the three of them had no abilities, and they dared not rushing out, and they could only stay in B city.

As for the problem of food, it is naturally solved by Jiang Tian, ​​who has already awakened the abilities. For this reason, the family of three who should have been in love with each other has no idea how many times.

In this way, in the constant quarrels and mutual accusations, the relationship of the family is already on the verge of freezing, and the despair in their hearts has become more and more intense.

Thinking of this, Su Shi smiled at the chin. If in this case he suddenly appeared in front of them as if the savior descended from the sky, how would the family of three react? Even if this kind of thing is just thinking about it, I feel very much looking forward to it.

Of course, what Su Shi is looking forward to is that when the three people find out that the person who appears in front of them is not the savior, but the devil who is dying, will it show a wonderful expression?





 When Su Shi took a lap and thoughts pulled back again, he found that a row of people, including Zhang Te, was still full of complicated and incomprehensible emotions. He had to slap his hands and helplessly: "There is not much time. If there are no doubts, please act quickly."

The team members walked into the hospital door with complex feelings. When they saw that the zombies who were wandering around were clearly not far away, but there was no sense of attack at all, the complex mood suddenly became more It’s complicated.

#I am not in the same apocalypse as he is! #

#Feeling that I have encountered fake zombies before, maybe I am living in a fake end of the world? #

#The original zombie also has such a (dai) love (meng), when the birth of such an idea, what should I put on my face? #

Su Shi did not care what those who looked sly, thinking about something, just looking at Zhang Ting without any action: "Does Zhang group leader not have to go in and help?"

Zhang Te looked at Su Shi in a complicated way and looked at the sound. After hesitating a few times, he couldn’t help but remind him: "Mr. Jiang is still careful later, after all..."

When Zhang’s words were halfway through, he felt that the temperature around him was suddenly lowered by several degrees. His eyes turned slightly and he saw Song Yiming’s hand on Su’s waist. He immediately sighed and changed his mind: “There is Mr. Song. There is really nothing to worry about accompanying Mr. Jiang, but I will also constrain the members of the group and will never let the recent events be known to anyone else."

"Thank you, Mr. Zhang reminded me, but I believe that Mr. Song will protect me." Su Shi leaned on Song Yiming's shoulder and relied on a full trust and dependence.

Su Shi always knows how to get along with each other. It is much more effective to be more inclusive than to be so-called "man's dignity", so even if he does not feel that he needs to be protected, but if he can make his lover happy, he I don't mind posing in front of outsiders in the shape of a bird, to satisfy the lover's possessive desire.

Song Yiming was very useful for this, and it was inevitable that he would raise a little embarrassment. He actually knew that Su Shi’s way of communicating with others was normal. There was nothing wrong with it. It was difficult for his temper to change, even though he had tried his best to suppress it. But it can do it now.

Just as Song Yiming’s heart is sweet again, he is thinking about it. When he tries to change his temper in the future, the head of his lover has already left his shoulder.

Song Yiming lost some of his gaze to see his lover. He saw that Su Shi had taken out a small yellow bottle from his pocket and handed it to Zhang Te: "The things in this bottle are good for you. You can try it when you are free."

Song Yiming's gaze flashed, and his heart suddenly raised a strong ominous premonition. This bottle made him feel very familiar.

Although Zhang Te did not know what was in this bottle, since it was Jiang Yan’s own, it was obviously a good thing, which made him hesitant: “I didn’t do anything for Mr. Jiang, I shouldn’t take Mr. Jiang. s things."

Su Shi smiled and smiled at Zhang Te: "Do you really want it? This thing can improve your physique and abilities. There is only one chance. If you miss this village, you can't find this store." ”

Zhang Te’s gaze was obviously brightened, but he still suppressed the impulse in his heart. It was not his arrogance. It was just a good thing in the sky. He didn’t dare to believe it easily, so he changed his way. Dao: "Is there anything that Mr. Jiang needs me to help? If this is the case, Mr. Jiang can speak directly."

Su Shi is speechless. How can it be so difficult to send things out?

He didn't say much, he handed the bottle directly to Song Yiming, and handed him a look. Song Yiming looked at the bottle for a while. In a place that no one else could see, his heart had already started the battle of heaven and man. He recognized Out of this bottle should be the medicine that Su Shi used when he treated his legs.

That should be the medicine that I have only used, but now the lover has to give it to others.

For ordinary people, this may be just a matter of eating a little vinegar, or even not paying attention to it. But when Song Yiming was here, it made him feel uncomfortable. After several struggles, he finally made a decision.

Song Yiming took a deep look at Zhang Te, and immediately reached out his hand, throwing the bottle in his hand to Zhang Te: "This is an order from the leader."

"..." Su Shi said, how does this sound like a little bit of the second?

"..." The ball said that it is close to the Zhu, and is it black? Although the number of paragraphs is far less than the home host, but the male master is learning bad!

Zhang Te quickly caught the bottle. Since Song Yiming had already said this to the point, if he continued to refuse it, he would have to be too ruthless. At the moment, he had to pinch the bottle and solemnly said: "If Mr. Song and Mr. Jiang have anything to do with me, , despite the opening."

"There will be a place where you need help later." Su Shi thought of the next plan and smiled a little.

"Mr. Jiang please talk." Zhang Te is still serious and has been ready to perform the task.

As a result, Su Shi just came to the sentence: "I will trouble you and your companions to work with the atmosphere and say some lines."

Zhang Te listened a little hard and matched the atmosphere? What is this task?

However, Su Shi did not explain much. He directly rushed to the hospital to help him. When there were only two people in the vicinity, Su Shi and Song Yiming, Su Shi immediately reached for the neck of Song Yiming and went to kiss his mouth: "I am very happy."

Song Yiming’s just-in-law’s stagnation was still strong, and he was suddenly kissed by his lover. He was a little discouraged: “What is Auntie saying?”

"I just wanted Mr. Song to really crush the bottle of medicine directly, or to hide it? But you didn't do it at the end, so I am very happy." Su Shi's nose tip is attached to Song Yiming's nose, the two breathe They are all intertwined.

Hearing this, Song Yiming’s heart was sore and painful. Sure enough, his previous actions have always plagued his lover. Perhaps he should have tried to completely suppress his dark side in his heart, although this is almost impossible.

"But I feel happy, not because Mr. Song suppressed his temper and did not destroy it." Su Shi looked at Song Yiming's eyes deeply and seriously, focusing on it. "But because, I think Song The gentleman finally tried to trust me completely."

Song Yiming was shocked by Su Shi’s heartbeat, and his voice was somewhat unstable: “I always trust you and trust you completely.”

"I know that Mr. Song thinks this way, but it doesn't." Su Shi's fingertips turned on the back of Song Yiming's back. This is not a curse, but Song Yiming's body is too tight at the moment. Stretching, Su Shi couldn’t help but feel a little distressed. "Mr. Song doesn't want me to know your dark side, because you are afraid that your dark side will hurt me, even though that is part of you, but sometimes you can't control it. Your own emotions, right?"

Song Yiming opened Zhangkou to deny it, but did not spit out a word. He could only lick his lips with force. He is now very flustered. The part of his heart that is suppressed is constantly telling him that he may soon lose his life. The most important thing.

Just like watching lover and other people talk to each other and laughing at other people, Song Yiming thinks that they will steal their own unique baby, so he must firmly lock the lover, and must not let those people succeed.

Song Yiming told himself that this idea was wrong over and over again. It would hurt Su Shi, but it would have little effect. Those dark thoughts would always come out uncontrollably and let him hide.

All kinds of mixed thoughts were all in my heart. Song Yiming only felt that his heart was bitter and awkward. He subconsciously grasped Su Shi’s arm, and his voice asked in a low and dry voice: "Will you leave me?"

Su Shi sighed in his heart. He couldn't see the struggle and helplessness of his lover. He was thinking that after waiting for a long time, some things would always be slowly healed, but he slowly discovered that he was a lover of love. If you continue to let things go naturally, it may not be a very good ending. Although there is him, it is not too bad.

Some things are really imprinted in the blood of the bones. Even if you know that it is a dark idea that you can't see light, you can't completely control and erase it. Even the more you want to suppress, the darker faces will bounce more fiercely.

If you are facing other people, Su Shi will probably go straight to the ground. I have no opinion on the dark side, but if you want to use this as an excuse to hurt me, then don't blame me.

But Su Shi is now facing Song Yiming, his lover, his past temperament can not be made, because he is reluctant.

So the one that should have been smashed out became a **** to himself at this time: "Of course not. I just said that I feel happy because I think that Mr. Song is slowly changing himself because he trusts me. I will bear myself."

Song Yiming looked at Su Shi without hesitation, as if he wanted to engrave this person into the bones, and he was afraid that he would suddenly disappear.

"But after I was happy, I actually felt very sad," Su Shi slowly leaned her head on Song Yiming's shoulder and whispered. "I was thinking, if Mr. Song didn't want me to talk to other people, then I Just look at Mr. Song alone, so that Mr. Song will no longer feel struggling and sad? After all, for me, even if the whole world adds up, it is better than Mr. Song’s eyes, as long as Let Mr. Song be happy, let me be able to do anything."

Song Yiming's heart jumped into the eyes of the blind man in an instant, and the violent agitation almost made him unable to stand up, but soon he also experienced the kind of short-lived surprise, the infinite pain of touching.

The person who is clearly wrong is himself, and the person who should clearly change is himself. Obviously, no matter which angle he considers, the aunt is only the one who is hurt, obviously he should feel intolerance, feel angry, and even want to open himself, but Now he said... Even if the whole world is added up, it is better than one of his own eyes?

For the first time in his life, Song Yiming tasted the sour eyes. He felt that he was surprised, excited, and satisfied. In fact, he did feel it, but this satisfaction was full of bitter taste.

It is the wrong possessive desire to exchange your own freedom with the lover, and this is what exchange!

"This is of course not an exchange. It is just because I love you and trust you completely, so no matter what sacrifices I make, I am willing to do it." It’s strange, if not for the first time to break the dear in this way.哒 Your bottom line of defense, re-establishing the all-round trust between the two people, I am too lazy to say that this kind of sensation is about to become a sorrowful thing The look of the paragraph, "So no matter what Mr. Song asked me to do, I am willing to do it."

Su Shi’s voice just fell, and he heard a sound of “噗”. He looked at the past and saw the red light of the ball flashing a series of beams.

Upon seeing it, Su Shi’s mouth couldn’t help but twitched twice. The ball that was originally a high-level intelligence could really “spit” something, although it looks a bit...subtle, but it seems quite interesting.

"No!" Song Yiming interrupted Su Shi’s thoughts with a little trembling voice, not only the voice, but Song Yiming’s body was shaking slightly at the moment, but it was as tight as if it would break suddenly in the next moment. “I don’t. It will be like this to you!"

"But I am really willing..." Su Shi looked up slightly to see Song Yiming, but was held by Song Yiming with his big hand.

Song Yiming did not want his lover to see his appearance at the moment, although this did not succeed in covering up anything: "This has nothing to do with you, I will not do this."

"Mr. Song..." Su Shi was in the arms of Song Yiming, but there was a little anxiety in his voice.

Song Yiming took a deep breath and silence for a moment before he said: "As you said, I may not have fully trusted you, but I only care about you, if I let go because of the **** thoughts in my heart. I hurt you, I can't do it."

No matter who you are, you can't let me hurt you, even if I can't.

Su Shi is very satisfied with Song Yiming's answer. The corner of his mouth has been secretly hooked up, but his tone is still pretending to be anxious: "What should I do? I don't want to see Mr. Song so painful, every time I see Mr. Song. I suppress myself, and I will find it difficult (kai)."

"I will control myself, and Auntie will rest assured that I will never hurt you." Song Yiming is still immersed in the lyrical atmosphere created by Su Shi, but he does not know that his lover is deliberately playing tricks.

Su Shi silent for a moment, suddenly shaking his shoulders: "I think of a good idea!"

"What idea?" Song Yiming asked with a frown.

"I was thinking, as long as Mr. Song can trust me as much as I trust you. Isn't the problem solved half of it?" Su Shi's head was stunned in Song Yiming's arms, a little happy. "After all, with trust to see something, it is totally different from being suspicious. If I saw Mr. Song take things away from our home, I would only think that Mr. Song must be busy with business. Very I will be back soon, but if it is the other way around, Mr. Song will probably think that I am leaving you?"

I don't know why, Song Yiming vaguely felt that the last few words had a bantering taste, but his focus was not on this point. Su Shi’s words really poked his thoughts. He was still hit by the words "our home" again in the heart of his leaping.

Our home, these words just listen to people feel that the mood is inexplicable and comfortable.

"Although I don't know if it works, I think I can still try it." Su Shi saw that Song Yiming did not respond when he was half-sounding, and he continued to take care of himself. "Mr. Song can not take care of those thoughts for the time being. Just try to trust me completely, then turn this into the starting point for all thinking, okay?"

After that, Su Shi also shook the neck of Song Yiming.

Song Yiming did not do this before, mainly because he had the heart to hide his ugly side, fearing that these things would scare Su Shi, but now that things have been said, he is relieved, as if he is relieved, as if Something heavy has been released, and some things have become less difficult.

Of course, Su Shi’s sensation before it was too much, but it did play a part.

After Song Yiming’s silence for a while, he solemnly said: “Okay.”

"Mr. Song is very good." Su Shi used his face to lick the shoulders of Song Yiming. The spoiled appearance saw that the ball that had just recovered the leaked data almost began to leak out of the data.

At this moment, a sudden cough came from afar, and Song Yiming looked up and saw that the members of the Zhang Te group actually stood at the entrance of the hospital, but their eyes did not dare to fall here. .

Su Shi heard the voice and then withdrew from Song Yiming's arms. His eyes narrowed and Song Yiming had returned to his usual face, and then the look naturally looked at Zhang Te: "You are back, have you moved the things that have been moved?"

Looking at Su Shi’s calm and calm appearance, the members of the group wondered why it was more like a person who had just made a slap in the face than this person.

Zhang Te was coughing twice, and this stepped over: "Because the information given by Mr. Song and Mr. Jiang is very detailed and provides such convenience, this task is even simpler than we thought, so Will be completed ahead of time."

The implication is that we really didn't mean to see the scene just now, and I really didn't dare to look at it.

Su Shi shrugged her shoulders unconsciously: "Since the mission has been completed, let's go to the next hospital."

After all, Su Shi directly took Song Yiming to the car, and Song Yiming still looked like a face-to-face, but his heart was reminiscing about the scene.

If in the past, other people saw their own intimate movements with their lover, he would probably dig the person’s eyes directly, but now I don’t know if it’s a change of mind, just the first one in his mind. The thought turned out to be, since I have already seen it, these people will not dare to grab the aunt again with themselves. Even if you want to grab, Auntie will never look at them, because Aunt’s heart is only himself.

Sometimes, people's thinking is so mysterious, just a little change of perspective, things will become completely different.

After that, the group of people raided five large hospitals in B city. It took less than four hours. After getting on the train, Su Shi said to the driving road ahead: "The road ahead can be opened. Is it slower?"

Although the driving was somewhat unknown, I nodded and agreed: "Good."

According to the precise information provided by the ball, the place that is about 500 meters ahead is the residence of the Jiangkai family of three.

Although he didn't have time to keep up with the big forces and didn't have the courage to go straight out, Jiang Kai was not a complete fool. In the following period, the family of three is constantly making small-scale security transfers. It is to make it easier for Jiang sweet to find food, and the second is to not miss any chance of asking for help.

Therefore, when the two cars passed the three-person location, after a while, they heard a faint and hopeful cry for hope on the third floor of the shop: "There are still living people here! I beg you to save us!"





 Hearing the sound of help, the driver did not hurry to stop, but first asked to see Zhang Te, Zhang Te immediately looked at Song Yiming sitting in the back seat, Song Yiming again... Song Yiming has been watching Su Shi, this time Open the way: "What do you think?"

"Let's go see it, I think there will be a good show to watch." Su Shi smiled and laughed.

After driving, I slowly stopped the car. Although there were several zombies wandering back and forth on the spacious street, none of them went to the vehicle.

The people upstairs saw the vehicle below and stopped, and the voice of help became more powerful: "We are here! Here! You come in from the east door, turn left, we are in the first building. The left side of the third floor!"

Standing in the window of the person holding a piece of bright red cloth, watching his whole person clinging to the security window, swaying the red cloth in a funny look, not like the old master of the original male masculine father.

"Let's go." Su Shi laughed and pushed the door down and Song Yiming followed.

Because it was just a simple rescue work, except for himself, Zhang Te only arranged two people to follow, and the five people quickly reached the third floor according to the route that Jiang Kai said, and made some small movements.

There was a very nervous and excited girl voice immediately inside: "Is it you?"

"Well, please open the door first." Zhang Te low responded, and turned his head and looked at Song Yiming and Su Shi under the shadow of the corridor. Some people did not understand that these two people have come together, why not join together. house.

However, the thoughts of the big men are always difficult to guess, and Zhang Te shook his head and regained his gaze.

Really waiting for the rescue, Jiang sweet in the door has hesitated: "You guys... are you really good people?"

The end of the world is filled with more than just the battle between humans and zombies, as well as self-destruction within human beings.

"We are a group that collects materials at the S city base. This time it came to the B city just to complete the task. It is purely a coincidence to pass by here." Zhang Te explained in a low voice.

There was another unclear whisper in the door, and the door was carefully opened. A woman with a look of timidity shrank and said: "Please come in."

Zhang nodded, his eyes glanced at the place where Su Shi stood, and then he walked in and walked in.

Waiting for the security door that had been drawn by the zombies to draw a lot of traces, Song Yiming, who was hidden in the shadow, asked: "Who are they?"

"If you follow the blood relationship, the three people in the house should be regarded as my loved ones, my father, mother, and sister." Su Shi shrugged indifferently, without any sadness or resentment.

Song Yiming moved his waist gently: "I don't like them, I don't take them back."

"Of course I won't take them back, but I don't want to carry this pot, so this pot still lets them back," Su Shi saw Song Yiming looking at himself with a fragile look. Goosebumps are fast. It’s up, “Reassure, I’m really not because they feel unhappy, do you think someone like me is a man who can bully me?”

Song Yiming seriously thought about it and suddenly sneaked into Su Shi’s ear and said: "Only I can, in bed."

This Su Shi's goose bumps fell directly to the ground. He smiled and hooked Song Yiming's chin: "So from now on, you can't even be."

It was just that Song Yiming, who was trying to say a word of love, was a little discouraged. He looked at his face and looked at Su Shi with his grievances. "From now on, I changed my aunt to bully me on the bed. I only let the aunt alone." bully."

"..." Su Shi actually felt that there was nothing to say, how can his family be so brazen! Ok, I have to admit that this is not the first time.

"I don't want to talk to you for the time being, I want to start acting." I thought that the people in the room should have said that they had almost finished. Su Shi directly opened the hand of Song Yiming across his waist and strode forward. At the door of the room, deliberately created a little movement.

When Zhao Guiqin, who was in the living room, heard this movement, he suddenly became pale and pale: "It will not be... is the zombie coming again?"

"Mom, don't be so fussed. These people are the same people who awaken the powers like me. If they are there, even if there are zombies, we don't have to be afraid." Jiang Tian impatiently took a look at Zhao Guiqin. .

Zhang Te suddenly thought of something, his eyes flashed, stood up and said: "I went out to see the situation."

Sure enough, as he expected, Zhang Teyi opened the security door and saw a panicked Su Shi, panicked... and so on, this painting seems to be not quite right?

"Big Brother Zhang, I didn't want to bother you, but the zombies outside are really terrible, I... I am a little scared." Su Shi held his hands tightly, his face was full of trouble, his face was scared. To be whitish.

"..." Jiang Yan, who was carrying the label of the Su-Fengtian, suddenly turned into a small flower. Zhang Te did not know how to react at that time. He seriously suspected that his expression had cracked at the moment!

Fortunately, someone rescued him at this time. A shocked voice came from behind Zhang: "Jiang Hao, how are you here?!"

Upon hearing this voice, Su Shi’s gaze slammed, but he pretended to be indifferent and removed his gaze. It seems that he did not intend to take care of Jiang Tian.

After Jiang Tian burst out of the sentence, Zhao Guiqin also came over and came over. Seeing his son outside the door, Zhao Guiqin was delighted to say: "Small, really you!"

She said, she glanced outside again and waved again and again: "All are advanced, let's close the threshold and say slowly."

Su Shi lowered his head and took Song Yiming into the house. In the process, he used his fingertips to deduct two of his palms in Song Yiming's palm. It was both to make him feel at ease, and to let him pay attention to his acting skills. The result was a deduction of Song Yiming's deduction. When I came back, the tickle feeling almost made the expression on Su Shi's face stretch.

Eight adults crowded into the small living room, as if the light outside was darkened. Jiang Kai, as the head of the family, first asked: "Oh, how can you be with Zhang Jianchang? Before you Not always staying at home?"

Su Shi licked his lips, still bowed his head: "Now don't discuss this now, you don't have to worry about me, or let's talk about business."

"Yes, I have just told you about the requirements to join the S city base. As long as you can meet the requirements, you can enter the S city base and get shelter from the base." Finally, Zhang Deke, who woke up from the sudden change of style Quickly and wisely open the call.

Just when Su Shi created the movement, Jiang Kai was planning to agree to the various requests made by Zhang Te, but now, Jiang Kai’s idea is obviously because of Su Shi’s appearance and some subtle changes have occurred: Have you joined the base of S City?"

Su Shi paused for a moment, and the incomprehensible "hmm" sounded.

"I heard from your mother before, you don't seem to wake up to the ability. Can you do it when you join the base?" Jiang Kai asked.

This sounds like a concern for Su Shi, but it actually implies profound meaning.

Su Shi heard but did not speak, but secretly handed Zhang Ting a look. Zhang Te immediately remembered what Jiang Yan had asked him to help with the atmosphere. It turned out to be here, but if this is said, is Jiang Yan at? At that time, I expected this to happen now?

After careful thinking, Zhang Te suddenly felt a little creepy, but fortunately he responded quickly, so that he would not drop the chain at a critical moment: "Mr. Jiang is the exclusive doctor of the base leader, and he cured the leader's legs. The situation is natural and ordinary. different."

"Exclusive doctor?" Jiang Tian looked at Su Shi slyly and smiled. "You shouldn't be kidding me if you are a group leader? Jiang Yan, he was a coward, a second son, and he didn't have any special skills." Why don't you know what medicine he still knows?"

"Sweet, how do you say your brother?" Jiang Kai squinted at Jiang Tian, ​​who had no eyesight at all, and reprimanded, "Apologize to your brother!"

Jiang Tian is not afraid of Zhao Guiqin, but he is a bit afraid that the number of times he meets is not too many, and his father, who is strict and rigid, has not pressed the following to apologize, but at least he has not continued to say anything more excessive.

"Small sister, your sister is not sensible, don't worry about him." Although Jiang Kai does not quite believe that Jiang Yan can understand what medicine, but see these high-ranking men are very respectful of Jiang Yan's attitude, and no because If you speak out of the subject and show any dissatisfaction, you know that your son may be well mixed at the S city base.

Thinking this way, Jiang Kai gave Zhao Guiqin an implied look. After Zhao Guiqin’s intention, he took the courage to put on a gratifying and sad expression: "Oh, I can see you again, Mom is so happy." As long as you can live well, Mom and your dad can feel at ease."

According to Jiang Kai’s expectations, if he heard this, Jiang Yan would not even mention that they would go to the S city base at least. At least they had to be sensational, and they would continue to bring rhythm. But who knows Su Shi listened to this. Instead of opening, the head was pressed lower.

Jiang Tian, ​​who is pungent and sultry, is the first to be unsettled: "Jiang Hao, what is your attitude? Mom is talking to you, what do you think of this love? You won’t think you are in S city. Base, can you not recognize your own biological parents?"

"Sweet, don't say your brother like this, your brother must not be deliberate." Zhao Guiqin said that he accused Jiang Tian, ​​but his tone was a deep loss that was hurt by Su Shi's attitude.

"Why didn't he be deliberate? Mom, didn't you see him as a dead man? He made it clear that he climbed the high branch and didn't want to recognize them!" This time there was no Jiang Kai's blockade, Jiang Tian said. Naturally, there is no convergence. "You just heard it. He is now the exclusive doctor of the S city base leader. If he thinks, do you think we can still enter the S city base? But you see that he mentioned this. Is he simply not wanting to take care of us, it is just a white-eyed wolf!"

Zhao Guiqin is also embarrassed, but also swearing: "No, Xiao Yan, he is not such a person, he certainly will not leave us."

"I think that's what he thinks in his heart, or you let him open it!" Jiang Tianzhi sighed coldly.

Zhao Guiqin opened his mouth and didn't know what to say. He could only look forward to it and look ugly to Su Shi. Jiang Kai saw that the timing was almost the same. He took the opportunity to say: "You should not talk about it first. Let Xiao Xiao talk first. His plan."

For a time, some people's eyes fell on Su Shi's body, and Su Shi, who had been head down since entering the door, finally slowly raised his head and whispered blankly: "My plan?" I don't have any plans, just think that you look so interesting, like three clowns jumping around."

"You!" The family of three had to get angry, but after hearing a certain piece of audio suddenly heard from Su Shi, who did not know when to take it out, the sound came to an abrupt end.

The first thing that came was Su Shi’s voiceless voice.

"I haven't eaten for a few days, so I'm slower, I hope Mom doesn't blame me."

"Small, oh, now there is a mess outside. It is not safe to stay here orphaned, so I am going to go to B city to find your dad, what do you think?"

......

"Sweet, do we want to leave some food for your brother?"

"As far as he is useless, it is wasteful to stay, so I will not give it to him."

The recording came to an abrupt end, and the expressions of several people were different.

Jiang Tianzheng is resentful, and he is mad at Su Shi, as if he can't wait to directly use his nails to catch his face. In fact, in the process of recording and playing, she wants to do it directly, but she is not known who released it. The pressure was frightened, and I didn’t dare to act at all.

Zhao Guiqin did not expect that he would hear this kind of thing. For a moment, he was so anxious that his face was white and even his tears came out.

Jiang Kai still has a serious face, in fact, the heart is already thinking about how to choose.

Zhang Te and members of the group have some sympathy for Su Shi, but think of this person's strength against the sky, and feel that their sympathy is a bit redundant, they turned this sympathy into a disgust in the eyes, and swept back and forth to Jiang Kai's family of three.

As for Song Yiming, don't say anything, he just wants to kill.

"It is clearly a matter that everyone knows well. Why do the three must ask me to put the facts out? It is better to pretend that they don't know each other?" Su Shi sighed tiredly, and the three jumping clowns clashed. For a long time, he should finally hit his face.

However, without waiting for him to open again, Jiang Kai actually took the first step. He suddenly stood up from the sofa and gave him a sweet slap in the palm of his hand. He angered and said: "Counter! I really didn't expect that your mother actually put You have developed this sinister temper, you dare to treat your brother like this, are you mad at me!"

Su Shi took his eyes off, so he hasn’t shot it yet. Is this family of three going to play the dog biting dog?

Jiang Tian’s face slammed his face and did not react. Jiang Kai had already transferred his target to Zhao Guiqin’s body. He shook his fingers and yelled: “Gui Qin, I always thought that you raised two children at home. It’s very good, I’m working hard outside, but I never thought that sweetness was actually being taken by you... you were born like this, you really disappointed me!”

Zhao Guiqin squinted and cried so badly that he could only shake his head and choked: "Not like this, I don't want to..."

"Dad! Why do you beat me!" Jiang Tian, ​​who finally passed away, immediately joined the battle, full of complaints. "He didn't wake up to the power, isn't it waste? Besides, this thing you obviously... ..."

"Stop! You shut me up!" Jiang Kai blinked and cut the sweet voice of Jiang.

Jiang Tian: "Why should I shut up!"

Jiang Kai: "You shut me up!"

Zhao Guiqin: "Hey..."

Su Shi had a fascinating appreciation of the singularity of this three-person family. After seeing Jiang Kai and Zhao Guiqin's eyes finally turned back to themselves, Su Shi was busy making a gesture of stop, he did not want to join their battle.

"Don't tell me what is forced to help, and don't need to cry for me, let alone know nothing, because I don't need any explanation," Su Shi paused and adjusted the wording slightly. Or to say that, because I have enough evidence in my hand, so even if your performance is very hard, but I am sorry, in my opinion, you can still only be three jumping clowns, or acting very poor. That kind."

When Jiang Kai came to the lips, he suddenly went back, his eyes slammed out of the box, and Zhao Guiqin’s crying was interrupted for a few seconds.

"You don't seem to believe it, then listen together." Su Shi shrugged and pressed the recorder's play button again.

Jiang Wei’s vicious voice filled with contempt and disgust came: “Just let Jiang’s waste die, I feel sick every time I see him!”

"Is it nice? Do you want another one?" Su Shi was very appreciative of the change in the expression on the faces of the three people. Even if there were already a few zombies coming out, they began to pull the security door and create an unpleasant sound. Your mood is not affected.

Because Zhao Guiqin has heard in the voice recorder that it seems to be indecisive, in fact, the voice of selfishness: "Small, my mother knows that this can't stop you, but Mom can't do it, Mom doesn't want to die, Mom wants to see your dad again. So don't blame me."

Upon hearing this recording, Zhao Guiqin completely forgot to cry, and his face became pale.

Su Shi looked directly at Jiang Kai, who had already produced a fine cold sweat in front of her forehead. The corner of her mouth suddenly evoked a strange smile: "Next..."

"Don't let go!" Jiang Kai screamed, but it was too late.

"You don't want to mention Jiang Yan in front of me now? He is dead, and how can I save him? Isn't my life more expensive than him? Now we should consider how to keep ourselves alive!"

"Hey," after the recording was finished, Su Shi put away the recording pen, and the tone was ironic. "Listen to what you said, then look at your recent performance. I can only say that this is really a bad quality." ""

Jiang Kai’s face suddenly and whitely glared at Su Shi, and his face seemed to be fanned by a few hundred slaps, so that he couldn’t even say how to speak, and his heart was climbing up for a while, this person... this person Maybe not your own son at all!

Although the number of meetings is not many, but the son in memory has always looked down and silent, why have you seen yourself with such a look? The most terrible thing is, what happened to the audio just now!

How can there be such a thing in the hands of this person!

"Want to know why I am going to be like this?" The main task has already been done. Su Shi is not afraid of collapse now. Since it is going to abuse the scum, of course, how come fun, so I can see Jiang Kai’s thoughts. Afterwards, Su Shi slowly got up and got close to Jiang Kai. The expression on her face also changed from a satirical spurt to a strange expression mixed with gloomy disgust and distorted metamorphosis, and his mouth was just rightly evoked a standard smile. With such an expression, there is no such thing as a good feeling. "Because I have already died once, Dad."

The last word, like ghosts, was entangled in Jiang Kai, scared him to scream in an instant, slammed back, and slammed down from the sofa.

Jiang Tian and Zhao Guiqin, who also saw this scene, were also scared. One was scared and his mouth was wide, his face was frightened, and his face was white and cold.

"A group of cowards, really boring," Su Shi patted his sleeves and slowly stood up. His expression turned to Song Yiming. "Mr. Song, let's go."

Song Yiming stood up in a sullen look, and the gas field around him was already cold. If he didn't fully trust his lover to solve this problem, he would just be unable to control his temper and directly kill the three people.

However, is it enough to scare the three?

Song Yiming felt that this was not enough, but he would not question the decision of his lover in person, but he must find an opportunity to kill these three people after making up his mind.

However, before they opened the security door, Jiang Kai had stumbled and climbed from the ground. Although it seemed that some nerves were abnormal, he still opened his mouth firmly: "Small! No matter what you experienced before, I It’s all your father!”

Su Shi lived in the footsteps, his mouth was slightly hooked, and quietly waited for Jiang Kai's next line.

Jiang Kai slowed down and tried to put on a guilty guilty look: "I know that we did wrong before, I don't want to forgive you, but as a father, I still want to make up for you." ”

"Xiao Yan, Mom also knows wrong." Zhao Guiqin also picked up again.

Jiang Tian didn't talk with a sigh of relief, but it was obvious that she did not speak positively and sighed.

"So?" Su Shi turned and gave them a look.

Jiang Kai has nothing to say: "Only if I continue to live, I will have the opportunity to make up for you. You can rest assured that I will live in the base with my own ability and will never let you be embarrassed."

"Are you asking me?" Su Shi looked back at the three.

Jiang Kai’s heart stunned, but for his own life, he chose to bear the burden: “Yes, I beg you to give me a chance to make up for you.”

"What about them?" Su Shi's gaze turned around in Jiang Tian and Zhao Guiqin.

Zhao Guiqin did not wait for Jiang Kai to give her a wink, and quickly said: "Small, my mother begged you."

Next is Jiang Tian, ​​Jiang Yan has been bullied by her since she was a child. When she has bowed her head, it is inevitable that she will not be able to pull her face at this time. But thinking about the days she has lived these days, Jiang Tian feels that if she continues If this continues, she will definitely collapse!

"Since someone is not willing to bow, then..." Su Shi shrugged indifferently.

Jiang Min, who was still hesitant, said immediately after hearing this sentence: "Jiang Yan, I am begging you!"

"This is the attitude of asking for help?" Su Shi raised an eyebrow.

Jiang Tian bite his teeth and finally he was bent to bend his waist: "I beg you!"

"Not enough." Su Shi straight white.

Jiang Tian endured the urge to get angry: "What about you?"

"Your Majesty." Su Shi lifted his chin.

"You don't want to be too much!" Jiang Tian finally couldn't help but look up and swear to Su Shi.

Su Shi continued to shrug indifferently: "It seems that you are not willing, I don't like to be strong, then..."

"Plop", Jiang Tian cried and cried: "I am kneeling down for you, are you satisfied now?!"

Su Shi’s face had no expression. He didn’t feel anything in his heart. He only accidentally saw it in the memory of the original master. He didn’t buy his favorite ice cream for his sister, and he smashed three whole three outside his sister’s door. hour.

But now, looking at Jiang Xianyu’s appearance in front of him, his feeling is: “Not satisfied.”

"What are you talking about?" Jiang Tian looked up at Su Shi with tears in his eyes and looked like a murderer.

"I said, I am very dissatisfied with your performance, so I will not take you into the S city base, as for you still have the opportunity to enter the base by their own strength..." Su Shi satirized the lips, suddenly to Zhang Tedao, "What do you think of Zhang Chang?"

So is this time when it comes to coordinating the atmosphere?

Zhang Tezheng is just looking forward, and his face is serious and solemn: "Sorry, the S city base does not welcome you such a wolf."

The group member behind Zhang Te agreed with the authenticity: "Yes! You are so disgusting. I left Mr. Jiang alone at home, regardless of his life and death. Now that he is developed, you want to climb the relationship. I really Never seen such a brazen man!"

Group member B angered the knife: "Whether it is regardless of Mr. Jiang’s life and death, they are simply looking forward to Mr. Jiang’s death. Oh, my words are not cursing Mr. Jiang. I just think these three people are disgusting. Hey, if I am Mr. Jiang, I will not come to save you from the beginning, you will die here!"

Team member A further added: "No, if I am, I will definitely come up, because I have to personally die these three vicious and bad people!"

Member B made a concluding remark: "So in the end, you still have to be self-sufficient. If you didn't leave Mr. Jiang alone in the first place, maybe your family has been living in the S city base for a long time. After all, Mr. Jiang is so powerful! And if you just didn't think about climbing the relationship, you can at least enter the base through your own efforts, but now... it's really self-defeating, don't live!"

"..." Su Shi took a look at the two people, feeling that his line seems to have been robbed by passers-by. What happened?

"They are right. All of this is for you. I will never welcome you on behalf of the S City Base." Song Yiming, who has never spoken, took the opportunity to rush out and grab a line.

After all, Song Yiming held Su Shi, who suddenly did not know what to say, and turned away from this small space. Zhang was busy helping the two to clean up the zombies.

The light in the living room seems to brighten up in an instant, but Jiang Kai's heart can no longer see any brightness, even if it is crying and then screaming and exhausting.

As soon as he got back into the car, Song Yiming immediately took Su Shi in his arms: "Don't because they are in a bad mood."

"No, actually, I am very happy now," Su said with a smile. "And I have already thought about how to toss them later."

Song Yiming’s gaze flashed, and his lover really was like him, not the kind of person who would be soft to the enemy: “Do you need help?”

"No, it's this, I might help you a lot." Su Shi smiled and scraped the nose of Song Yiming, and went to his arms and found a more comfortable position.

“Oh?” Song Yiming showed some curiosity in cooperation.

"Does Mr. Song think about it, when the end of the world is over, what will the world look like?" Su said with an eye and did not answer.

Song Yiming seriously thought about it and continued to pick up the love message: "No matter whether the end of the world is over or not, there will be no change in my world, because there is only you in my world."

"..." Su Shi: Just saying something right, what is the lover suddenly flirting in public?

"..." Zhang Te & Driving: Have you considered the feelings of our two single dogs?

Flirt failure, Song Yiming had to re-open the normal mode: "The end of the world is over, maybe the zombies will disappear, maybe humans will perish, maybe there will be only a ridiculous thing here."

"But I don't want the world to become ridiculous, because I want to build up the end of the empire that belongs to us with Mr. Song." Su Shi smiled and said to Song Yiming.

"..." Song Yiming: I didn't expect the ambition of my lover to be so big. It seems that I have to be angry.

"..." Zhang Te & driving: I feel like I have heard something that is unacceptable, will we be ruined?

"Does Mr. Song not want to?" Su Shiman looked forward to seeing Song Yiming.

What else can Song Yiming say? Although he had never thought about rebuilding the world before, but since the lover said this, he had to sing along with his husband: "Think, as long as the aunt thinks, we will do it."

"Okay, let us build the end of the empire that belongs to us." Su Shi smiled with satisfaction, listening to this tone, it is like saying "Okay, let us eat lollipops together" simple.

Zhang Te and the driver didn't know what to look like.

At the same time, Su Shi gave the ball a huge task with a smile: "Monitor all the communication devices that can be connected and used throughout the country, and send them an invitation command: 'Want to save the world, come to S Let me play at the city base."

"..." This is what broke the order, and sure enough, the second index of its own host is about to break through the sky!

"Right, plus an instruction, ‘I don’t like Jiang Kai, Zhao Guiqin, Jiang Tian, ​​if you want to play with them, I won’t bring you to play.’” Su Shi thought and added.

"..." is not just a problem of Secondary Two. The skill of self-hosting this communique seems to be improving steadily.

Su Shi saw that the ball did not respond, and took a quick look at it: "What? I want to ‘spit’?”

The ball slammed and rushed: "Received! Guaranteed to complete the mission! Just... Many communication devices now only support audio transmission. If you only look at the name, it seems difficult to identify the information?"

"Is this question really a problem for you?" Su Shi slowly twitched his mouth.

The ball is a glimpse. Under the arrogance of his own host, even if he knows that this is not the rule, it can only succumb to tears: "I... I know."

At the same time of accomplishing this huge task, the ball kindly mourned for the family of three for three seconds. They were also unlucky to encounter their own host, but after thinking about it, it seems that the most unfortunate thing is it! Because their binding is born in the world!

I feel more like crying, how to break! QAQ

When the evening glowed into the red sky, the zombies floated leisurely on the edge of the field, and all the people with electronic devices received the same message at the same time...

A game to rebuild the end of the world has finally come to a close, which sounds like a joke, or a grand goal that no one can achieve, but the truth is...

Half a year after the end of the world, the S city base developed a drug that can effectively resist hunger;

One year after the end of the world, the S city base has developed a drug that can effectively improve the body's function;

Two years after the end of the world, the S city base developed a drug that can hide the body's breath and stimulate the body's abilities;

In the last five years of the end of the world, the S city base has developed a drug that can suppress the body's zombie!

By the end of the last decade, the zombies nationwide have been wiped out, and the S city base has officially changed its name to the S Empire.

All those who had the privilege of surviving in the last days have heard of the miracles that took place in the base of the city, and they have heard of the names of the two people who made these miracles.

Even if the S Empire has been completely stabilized, some people will talk about it before and after the tea.

Passerby A: "I heard that Mr. Song and Mr. Jiang are in love at first sight."

Passerby B: "Net 瞎 said that it is Ming that Jiang used his super-high medical skills to cure Mr. Song's legs. The two talents have been in love for a long time."

Passerby C: "Hey, how do I listen to it seems a bit dirty?"

Passerby A: "These are not important. What is important is that they are really very loving. I heard that no matter when they are, they are holding hands."

Passerby B: "Yes, they have never blushed, never argued, and I have heard that the ‘S’ in the S Empire is taken from their surnames.”

Passerby C: "But the ‘S’ of Mr. Jiang is clearly taken from his name. There is no ‘S’ in Jiang Pinyin.”

Passerby A: "It seems to be ah, but they did say this when they were interviewed. I don't know what is going on."

Passerby B: "We don't have to worry about this. Anyway, they are so loving, they will live happily for a lifetime."

Passerby C: "Yes, this is really enviable."

Of course, it is indeed a good marriage for everyone, because the fate between them is not only accompanied by this life, but connected to countless perfect life...



Arc 6: Spreading IQ For Suicide Teenagers

 In the bright and spacious classroom, there were thirty teenager girls in school uniforms. Their bodies were filled with vitality and vitality, which made Su Shi feel relieved.

It seems that this time should be a very common mission world?

And as far as this scene is concerned, plus the small arms, thin legs, and the clothes on the body, what should the world take is the campus route?

But this time it seems a bit strange. Su Shi’s eyes turned around in the classroom, and he didn’t see the stupid system that kept flashing. He tried to summon the other party: “The ball?”

The result was no response, how the ball disappeared, what is going on?

Without a ball, he couldn't get the world's plot line and the memory of this body.

"Liu Yang, please recite this text." The teacher on the podium suddenly opened his mouth and attracted Su Shi’s gaze.

But he did not react, until most of the classmates' eyes in the class fell on themselves. Su Shi realized that the original name of the original should be Liu Yang.

So the person who is now named after reading the text is himself?

Su Shi, who has never experienced this kind of treatment, gave birth to a subtle feeling. He hooked his lips and looked at the books that had not been turned over before him. He stood up calmly and took the textbooks at the same table. The voice rang aloud.

Seeing his appearance, he was not forced to panic after being caught by the teacher. Instead, he was particularly calm and calm, and his voice was like a breeze.

"Teacher, I am finished reading." Su Shi read the last sentence, and calmly returned the textbook to the same table.

The teacher on the podium deliberately criticized Su Shi’s two sentences, but his recital was indeed full of emotions. There was no mistake, but when he thought about it, he could only scream: “The next time you must listen carefully.”

"Yes, teacher." Su Shi nodded politely and got the teacher's permission before she sat down.

I spent the afternoon in a classroom that didn't make any sense at all, because I didn't know what role I played in this mission world, and who is the lover, Su Shi has been sitting in a low-key seat.

In the meantime, the ball has not appeared.

Until the bell ringing from school, Su Shi had to slowly pick up the backpack. After school, everyone had to go home to eat. The only problem was that he didn't know where the original owner was.

His eyes swept over the surrounding world. He planned to wait until the last one left. Maybe there would be students who used to go home with the original master to take the initiative to come and talk.

It is a pity that there is no good time for Su Shi to talk. He can only sigh and walk slowly outside the school with his backpack. When he walks to the school gate, he glances at the top of the school gate. Electronic timetable.

April 2, 2007, 18:20, Monday.

After writing down the time, Su Shi looked around, so should he go left now, or go to the right?

Just as Su Shi was ready to take a walk in a random direction, the long-awaited ball finally appeared: "Hosting adults! I am back!"

"Where have you been?" Su Shi grabbed the key question and walked to the right if he had nothing to do.

"This is the case. When I first entered the world, I found that I didn't receive the plot line and the main line task of the mission world at the same time." The ball took a deep breath and hurriedly said, "I thought it was I missed the important data myself, so I immediately tracked it back, but the feedback turned out to tell me that the data sent has been transferred, there is no leak, and I can be frightened at the time, the host adult you think, if there is no such The world's plot line, there is no memory of the original Lord, then we will..."

Su Shi raised his hand and licked the eyebrows: "Speaking the key."

The ball paused and honestly said: "I didn't receive the mission data for this world, just because we are now in an illusory space, so we can't extract this data for the time being."

"Unreal space?" Su Shi frowned.

"Yes, I can be sure that this is not the real world of this mission world, but what is going on here, I can't find it now," said the ball. "I can only be a person or thing in the current world." Monitor it."

"So we have a bad news and a good news now. The bad news is that we are caught in the illusory world when we cross. We can't get any real information about the mission world, including the memory of the original master. The good news is that we can monitor this illusion. Everything in the world." Su Shi stood on a small stone bridge and made a concluding remark.

"It's almost like this." The ball is still awkward.

Su Shi looked at the ball, and it was rare to smile with a gentle taste: "So why are you so boring? Do you think that you and I will always be trapped in this illusory world?"

"No, I just think... I didn't do my own job." The ball stunned Su Shi, a little self-blame, and some grievances.

Su Yuyang started, the ball thought that his own host had to play with it, scared to shake, and guilty that he did not dare to avoid it as before, who knows that Su Shi just patted on its shining head, laughing Dao: "Listening to you, it seems to always support you to work before accusing me."

The ball was flatteringly watching his own host. Although he was deeply resentful, it was still tactfully not showing: "No, I didn't think so."

"So, since you have helped me a lot before, is it not normal to have some omissions?" Su Shi took back his hand and turned and walked down the stone bridge. The ball was about to move, but he continued to listen to Su Shi. "Of course, these are secondary. The most important thing is, isn't things getting more and more interesting now? You know what I like most interesting things."

"..." The ball: So why did I feel guilty and embarrassed before!

Su Shi said this, directly to the ball to the first task of the mission world: "First go to the school's database to check the personal information of the high school (3) class Liu Yang, I have to go home to eat."

"Yes!" Although I still couldn't help but vomit in my heart, the ball was silently hosted by myself, but the ball is now re-energizing.

With the help of the ball, Su Shi successfully found the location of the original main house, but the time to get home was obviously a lot later than before. When he entered the door, he saw the original mother sitting in the living room table to eat: "How Xiao Yang came back today? So late? Sit down and eat, and you have to go back to study in the evening."

"Well, I just had something in school." Su Shi took the character of the original master and could only behave as usual in behavior. He didn't look at the layout of the house and went straight to the bathroom to wash his hands. Sit down and eat.

I didn’t expect it to be such a simple sentence, but let Su Shi be glanced at the original mother: "You kid can not cause trouble to me at school. The last time the parents meeting your class teacher criticized you, still After the parents’ meeting, I took a bunch of words and killed me! If you dare to fight with others, see if I don’t interrupt your legs!”

Su Shi’s mouth twitched twice. It turned out that the original owner was still a bad boy. He licked the rice in his mouth and vaguely responded twice.

"I said this time, really, don't give me a slap in the face." The original mother extended her hand and screwed down Su Shi's ear, making Su Shi almost speechless.

After dinner, I didn’t use Su Shi to wash the dishes. I was urged to go back to school and go to school last night.

On the road, Su Shi placed a second task for the ball: “Monitor the details of nearby residents, especially... my classmates.”

Although he is not sure of his current identity, Su Shi thinks that his lover must be nearby, and he is likely to be the key figure in maintaining this illusory world.

Still mellowing the ball of the thing that the host has been screwed to the ear, it took a slow half-shoot to react: "Receive! Guarantee to complete the mission!"

In addition to the task of monitoring the ball, Su Shi himself is also searching for suspicious people around him. There are a total of 32 students in their class. The ratio of male to female is about half, and the total number of boys is 17.

For 16 observation targets, it is not difficult for Su Shi to determine the answer. However, after a few days of observation, Su Shi has some regrets that these people may not be their own lover.

Because there are too many monitoring objects on the side of the ball, it can only be judged from external factors such as appearance, words and deeds, and there is no such ambiguity between it and the man, so there is not much progress.

So where is the lover hiding?

A week passed quickly. Su Shi was disappointed, but he was not in a hurry. As long as his lover is in this illusory world, he will always find him.

On Sunday, Su Shisheng was unfortunately dragged out by the original mother to serve as a shopping bag. The people on the street came and went. He was not happy, but he was almost hit by a suddenly flying figure. Wait for him. Standing back and coming back, the figure has disappeared.

"It’s just that the person is really rude, so crowded on the street, what to do so fast?” The ball complained.

Su Shi was a little lost. The person who had just hit him seemed to be wearing the uniform of the original school. He casually asked: "Is that person also within your surveillance?"

The ball checked the data and shook proudly: "Of course, my function is very powerful. I have included all the teachers and students of the original school with the same scope. The name of the person is just Yu Feng, and the same grade as the original owner. But in class 2."

The voice of the ball just fell, and the original mother was calling Su Shi again: "Xiao Yang, come help my mother to see this dress, is it especially suitable for me?"

Su Shi sighed a little, and the appointment went away. The ball continued to be happy.

In the evening, Su Shi, who took a day's pack, took a bath and went to bed. It was supposed to be a normal night, but in the early hours of the morning, Su Shi suddenly woke up from her sleep.

In the violent heartbeat, an electronic sound without any ups and downs came out in my mind: "The first week is now collapsed and the second week is about to open."





 Su Shi had not had time to understand the meaning of this sentence, and responded. Everything around him had collapsed in an instant. After a dizziness, strong light pierced the eyes.

Su Shi closed her eyes subconsciously, and then adjusted her eyes to slowly open her eyes. The surrounding environment has completely changed. Su Shi looked up and looked around, his eyes flashing a bit of surprise.

The midday sun shines in from the window and spills into every corner. In the spacious classroom, the students listen quietly to the teacher's lectures, and occasionally whispering is also cautious.

Su Shi looked down at the textbook that had not been turned over before, and when she raised the strange feeling in her heart, she seemed to understand the true meaning of the sentence he had heard before.

After a short time, a completely identical line appeared. The teacher from the podium: "Liu Yang, please recite this text."

Su Shi sighed a little, but this time he did not take the textbook of the same table, but opened the corresponding page of his textbook according to his memory, calmly and calmly recited.

The time for one lesson ended soon, and Su Shi reluctantly called the ball: "Where are you running again?"

This time, I didn’t let Su Shi wait for a long time. The ball immediately came out and said: “I don’t see the host, you are serious about class, so I dare not bother you.”

"What happened before?" Su Shi did not gossip with the ball and went straight to the subject.

"According to my guess, this illusory world should be set to some form of circular mode. Once the restart point is triggered, the illusory world will automatically enter a set starting point in the same world background, but in the fantasy world. The real character will not lose the memory left by the previous cycle world." When it comes to this kind of science-like lines, the tone of the ball becomes very serious. "In order to distinguish different circular worlds, we put The starting world of the cycle is called the first week, the world after the first cycle is the second week, and so on."

Prior to this, Su Shi had already had a similar speculation. At this time, the idea was confirmed. He immediately said to the ball: "Inquiries are done by the people in the monitoring area before the first week of collapse."

“Yes!” The ball immediately filtered the huge data collected before, and quickly got the result. “After preliminary judgment, 19 people in the monitoring area had abnormal behavior before the first week of collapse. Among them, 11 people趁Night turned out of the school gate and went to the Internet cafe; 4 people had a fierce quarrel with family or friends; 2 people did not know why they had insomnia; 1 people were hospitalized; and 1 person... committed suicide."

When he heard the last sentence, Su Shi’s eyebrows jerked: “Who is the suicide?”

"It was the one who had hit the host in the street. His sister died in a car accident that day. It was probably unable to withstand the blow, so it would be..." The sound of the ball has also dropped a lot, as if it has already guessed something. .

Su Shi slightly narrowed his eyes and secretly took a deep breath: "Give me the details of Yu Feng in the illusory world."

"Okay." The ball immediately placed an electronic board and presented Yu Feng's personal information to his host.

Name: Yu Feng

Age: 16 years old

High school: Jinjiang High School

Family status: Since childhood, both parents died and lived with their sisters.

It is said that it is detailed information, and there are only so many.

After reading the information of Yu Feng, Su Shi gave a command after a moment of silence: "Re-open the monitoring work, pay special attention to the situation of Feng, and report to me whenever there is any abnormality."

"Yes!" The ball led the game and quickly gave feedback. "Hosted adults, although in the first week of the year, I started monitoring Yu Feng from 18:34 this evening. I don’t understand theoretically. He did this before, but I think his performance is not quite right now."

Su Shi picked up her eyebrows: "What is he doing?"

"He seems to be very upset, a look that is frightened." The ball reported the situation truthfully.

Su Shi subconsciously licked his fist, he felt that he should go to see this boy, but if he is not his own lover? Su Shi does not intend to provoke anyone other than a lover.

I can change the angle. If he is the lover of his own world, is he going to ignore the other party because of this so-called principle, let him fall into panic?

Such an idea is undoubtedly contradictory. It made Su Shi a little hesitant. The ball was watched for a while, and couldn’t help but whispered: "Hosting adults, even if this person is not a man, it is very likely to be with this fantasy world. The formation is related to breaking. It is always good to have more contact with us. And we just have to understand the situation. It is not a matter of hosting the adults and what happened to him. It is not normal to communicate with the students. Of course, the most important thing is still Do more good things, really good for both physical and mental health."

When he heard the ball, Su Shi’s fist slowly loosened. Things seemed to be quite simple, but he himself unconsciously complicated the problem.

And why does he subconsciously feel that he is deliberately swearing as long as he is close to each other? Is it in the previous mission world that I have been arguing too much for my loved ones, and have already regarded this as a daily habit of getting along with others?

“Does Yu Feng have a mobile phone?” Su Shi manually opened the idea and returned to the theme.

In this school, high school students use mobile phones is rare, but the original owner has one.

"No, his family is not in good condition." The ball swayed.

Su Shi was amazed. At this time, the ringing of the class just sounded. Su Shi had to sigh and put his attention back into the classroom. When the bell rings again, Su Shi immediately got up and walked out of the classroom.

However, Su Shi did not directly call Yu Feng, but stood outside the window to observe the uneasily young boy for a while, and then let the classmates passed the prepared paper to Yu Feng.

"Yu Feng, this is for you," the same table at the desk handed the passed note to Yu Feng, but saw that Feng Feng was shaking, as if he was scared, it looked strange, he could not help but Asked, "Are you okay?"

Yu Feng repeatedly shook his head and barely smiled: "It's okay, I didn't sleep well last night."

"Well, if you have nothing to do, give it." At the same table, put the note in front of the front.

Looking at the paper on the table, his heart could not help but raise a bad premonition, a little hesitant: "What is this?"

Although I still can't figure out what is going on here, if he really can return to his sister's death, then everything should be completely repetitive. Why would he receive a note that had never appeared before?

"Look at yourself, it seems that someone just handed it out from the window." The same table shrugged and turned to continue chatting with the classmates behind the seat.

Yu Feng turned his head and looked out of the classroom window, but there was no one there. He opened his papers in a panic, and a line of mad and inconspicuous handwriting came into view, but Yu Feng was completely unwilling to consider this writing. Because he has already widened his eyes in fear because of the content of the word.

[I know your secret, if you don't want to re-experience the tragedy before, go to school and find me after school. ]

Yu Feng looked at the paper in his hand in a panic, why would someone write something like this to him? ! Is there anyone else who has experienced the same thing besides him?

Who is the other party? Why did he know his own experience? What is his purpose? Should I believe him? Can this person really help him?

In Yu Feng’s mind, a series of problems popped up in an instant, which made him confuse in his head. He couldn’t figure out a clear idea, but made him feel more fearful.

It was not until he was going to school that he struggled to make a decision. Since this person is clear about his affairs, he would have to hide. I am afraid that he could not hide. It is better to go see the person first and see if he has What purpose.

Maybe he can really help himself? Although his heart does not dare to have much hope for this, he still can't help but think about it.

After making up his mind, Yu Feng gradually calmed down. After school, when other students left, he took the bag and walked slowly toward the playground with a heavy heart.

Far away, Yu Feng saw a uniformed boy lying on the grass. Should this person be the one who wrote the note to himself?

He clenched his backpack and slowly approached, but found that the other person was closed with eyes, and the expression looked very relaxed, and there was no feeling of tension.

This made him a bit skeptical about whether this was the person he was looking for.

Yu Feng stopped and lifted his gaze to the rest of the playground. After not getting the result, he heard a clear voice: "Don't watch, the person you are looking for is me."

Yu Feng jerked back, facing the pair of gentle and smiling, clear eyes, the pair of blind eyes seem careless, but with a touch of concern and goodwill, he even lost some of his heart, the tension and embarrassment of his heart was slowly pressed. Go on.

"Don't be stupid, come and sit down." Su Shi rushed to the front and waved.

Yu Feng came back to this, and slowly walked down to Su Shi’s side and sat down. He wanted to ask directly what the piece of paper was, but there was some courage.

Su Shi’s attitude was much more straightforward. He looked at Yu Feng and said straight away: “I am like you, I came from the first week.”

When the words came out, Yu Feng instantly smashed the scorpion, and it looked shocked and somewhat overwhelmed. The mouth was slightly stunned and Su Shi felt that this person was a little cute.

If this boy is really a lover, it is a type that has not appeared before, and it is quite cute.

"I know what you have experienced, I will help you face it together." Su Shi did not directly talk about the fact that this is a fantasy world. Once, he is not familiar with Yu Feng, and he is worried that the other party will not believe it. On the contrary, he will doubt him. Secondly, he still does not know what role Yu Feng played in the illusory world. He does not intend to talk too much. In the third place, there is no need to say this thing for the time being.

Yu Feng’s tight backpack is awkward and exciting, which makes his words incoherent: “Can you really help me? But why? Who are you? Why do you know this? Is this all? what happened?"

"Don't worry, I will tell you everything I know," Su Shi sighed and smiled at the front, and took out the props that had been prepared before. "This is my mobile phone. This phone has been normal before, but I was hit once and it was not normal after I fixed it. The reason why I know your situation is the information I received from here, but I only know about these situations."

"Is this mobile phone?" Yu Feng stared at the phone in Su Shi's hand.

"You can look at the contents inside." Su Shi generously handed the phone to Yu Feng.

"Thank you." Yu Feng politely thanked, after taking the phone to open, he saw the contents inside, and then... he was shocked again.





 [Want to save this world that is about to collapse? ]

[Want to be the savior in the eyes of all beings? ]

[Want to embark on the peak of life, welcome the rich and handsome? ]

【Ding! You have been given a chance to save the world, so please cherish it. ]

[Find your companion and fight with him! ]

[Help him get rid of bad luck and reshape life, you will become the strongest partner in the universe! ]

"Wait," Yu Feng looked at Su Shi with horror and incomprehensibility. He didn't know what to say on his face. "What is this? You want to show me this?"

The ball is busy on the side, can come up with such a host of two words, how should I continue to face your Su Shuang people in the future?

Su Shi glanced at the screen of the mobile phone and calmly pressed the next one: "That is just a prelude. This is the text I received."

Yu Feng once again fell on his mobile phone and was shocked again.

[Yu Feng, male, born on September 12, 1991, his parents died, and his sister Yu Ting lived together. On April 8, 2007, Yu Ting died in a car accident. On April 9, 2007, Yu Feng committed suicide. . ]

When Yu Feng’s gaze fell on the last sentence, his face was already pale. Why did this message appear on this mobile phone? !

Yu Feng’s horrified eyes inadvertently swept the time displayed on the information, and the eyes immediately became bigger, because the reception time of this message turned out to be April 2, 2007, 14:09 pm!

At that time, it was the time to return to here, and the starting point for everything to start again!

There is also the sender's column, where it is blank!

The fine cold sweat slowly emerged from the front of the forehead. At the edge of the white fingertips, the fingertips clenched the edge of the phone, and the head was in chaos. The bottom of the heart was mixed with endless fear and panic. What is going on? !

Ming Ming’s sister is dead. He also committed suicide, but he returned to it inexplicably. Suddenly a man came out. He actually knew what he had experienced and gave such a message...

Just as Feng was scared and shivered because of this incident, when his hands and feet were cold, a warm hand rested on his shoulder. A sound like a clear spring opened a heavy fog and knocked straight into it. In his heart: "Do you feel very scared? But if it is me, I will be happy, because without this opportunity, my sister has passed away, and I am no longer alive, everything is a foregone conclusion. But Now, at least I still have a chance to change this, isn't it?"

Yu Feng turned his head and looked at Su Shi, as if he was watching his only remaining hope: "Really?"

"Of course it is true, so what you are doing now is not to feel anxious and afraid about this matter, but to try to find ways to avoid the tragedy before the performance again, understand?" Su Shi tried to soften his tone, but his heart slowly There is a doubt.

Yu Feng thought for a moment, and finally slowly put down a lot of negative emotions. The tone was firm and said: "You are right, I must not let my sister have another accident."

"It would be great to think like this. Then should we go home to eat? We will have to study in the evening." Su Shi smiled and stood up from the lawn and patted the grass clippings on her body.

Yu Feng followed up and now he is very fond of the boy who knows his secret in front of him: "Thank you for comforting me, but this thing..."

"Reassured, I will try my best to help you save the world together. Of course, I will help you keep this secret." Su Shi smiled and assured.

Yu Feng’s mood has become a little easier when he thinks about the first message he saw before.

After the two men’s homes were in different directions and agreed on the time and place of the next meeting, Su Shi and Yu Feng waved goodbye.

Su Shi walked in the direction of the home and communicated with the ball: "The ball, do you think that Yu Feng is not quite right?"

"Isn't it right? I didn't think so." The ball floated on Su Shi's shoulder.

"He reacted too strongly to the shocking incident. Because his sister died in a car accident, he even chose to commit suicide directly. He can return to the past and change the established facts. He obviously hopes to be bigger, but he also scares him. Restless," Su Shi slightly frowned, vaguely thinking that this person seems to be very wrong. "And just now, look at him like that, I feel a bit exaggerated, but he is really scared and panicked."

When the ball pondered about its own host, suddenly it came out: "Hosting adults, you should not be a weak attack in the world of the mission world?"

Because Yu Feng is likely to be a male owner, and he looks very weak, so it caused Su Shi's dissatisfaction, the ball feels that its logic should be no problem.

However, Su Shi listened, but couldn't help but reach out and play the ball well. He almost gnashed his teeth: "The ball, it seems that you know me very well, even I can guess what I think."

The ball cried on one side and asked for mercy: "Hosted adults, I know it is wrong, I should not say your thoughts, I...&@#*(!@!......"

When the ball was "played", it was completely unspeakable. Su Shi was satisfied with the hand, and the ball immediately "squeaked" away from the danger zone. The host was terrible! QAQ

"Given your IQ can't keep up with my thoughts, I can say something more straightforward. If Yu Feng is really my family, no matter how weak he is, I will not disappoint him, but The problem at the moment is that his reaction to some things is indeed too aggressive," Su Shi patted his hands slowly and smiled. "This is the illusory world. Everything here is false, it is the result of artificial creation. Any detail can hide the key points of breaking the illusory world."

"The host is right." The tormented ball has been completely honest, and it no longer dares to talk.

"If Yu Feng is the key point to realize the continuous cycle of the illusory world, then what is the identity of this person in reality? Why is he in this illusory world? Who is all behind this?" Su Shi slowly Walking forward, there was a meditation in the voice. "A teenager who is too sensitive, but has to face a tragic life, what will he look like in reality?"

Su Shi’s ideas have always been clearly distinguished. Unreality and reality can be completely opposite situations. Personality, age, family, memory, and even gender are not necessarily true.

Therefore, he never thought about judging and confirming the identity and character of the lover in the performance of the characters in the illusory world, because all of this is likely to be fake, so his only purpose now is to break the illusory world and return to reality. Go, there is the real beginning.

Falseness is the basis for judging everything. Even if the conclusion is just true, it will also be covered with a false surface.

"Since someone has deliberately created this illusory world, it must have its purpose. What is the purpose of the other party? Is it just to impose punishment? Or to gain benefits? In April 2007, the spacious and bright classroom, the death of Yu Feng’s sister Suicide..." Su Shi held his chin with his hand and was thinking deeply. Suddenly, he was slap in the head and took a slap in his head. He did not have any image of deep wisdom.

"Bunny scorpion, I said how I waited for a long time and didn't see you going home to eat. It turned out to be a lost soul on the road. Is it true?" After the original mother shot the person, she directly slammed Su Shi’s little arm forward. "There are some points, go back to eat, if you are late for self-study, see if I don't marry your skin!"

Su Shi can only face a face, let the original mother pull the family to the house, the ball is behind and stealing music, the mood is all right, and by the way, all the "tortures" that have just been forgotten are forgotten. Second clean, really worthy of stupid white sweet attributes.

At noon the next day, Su Shi went back to school after lunch and didn't take a nap. He and Yu Feng had an appointment to meet at the playground.

"Long wait." When Su Shi went to the playground, Yu Feng had already been there.

"No, I just arrived." Yu Feng Chao Su smiled politely.

"Then let's start directly," Su Shi did not talk nonsense, and went straight to the local road. "The current situation is that according to the original trajectory, on April 8th, your sister will have an accident, and what we have to do is Do you have any idea to stop this happening?"

"To that day, I will leave my sister at home and not let her go out. Is that okay?" Yu Feng replied very quickly, apparently having carefully considered this issue before.

"I think so, but in order to ensure that things are foolproof, I think we need to go to your sister's place to see the accident in advance, what do you think?" Su Shi nodded and then proposed.

Yu Feng had no opinion, but when the sister happened to go to the hospital, he went directly to the hospital. He didn’t know where his sister was in the car accident. He couldn’t help but say: “But I don’t know where my sister is.”

Su Shi smiled a little, and took the phone and handed it to Yu Feng: "It doesn't matter, I know where it is, the information I just received last night, give you a look."

Yu Feng only glanced at him and his face was pale again, because the information detailed the time, place, and specific process of his sister’s accident.

Su Shi took the phone and took it back directly: "This place is not far from the school. Let's go and see it now."

Yu Feng secretly took a deep breath and barely calmed down the emotions: "Well."

When they walked less than ten minutes, they arrived at the location where Yu Ting saw the car accident in the first week. It looked like a normal street. Both sides were residents' houses. It was not like a place where a car accident occurred.

"Is it here?" Yu Feng looked at the surrounding environment and clenched his fists tightly. The fear and panic in his heart reappeared uncontrollably, and even his lips began to whitish.

Su Shi carefully looked at the performance of Feng, patted his shoulder and said: "Don't be nervous, now everything has not happened."

"You are right, but I..." Yu Feng wanted to suppress the fear of his heart, but this time the feeling was particularly strong and completely uncontrollable.

Su Shi looked at Yu Feng’s appearance as she was about to cry. He said, “You can’t do this. Let’s go back first.”

"Yeah." Yu Feng closed his eyes and his footsteps eagerly went back. Su Shi finally looked at the surrounding environment and his eyes fell on a seemingly deep alleyway next to the street.

I don't know if it is his illusion. He vaguely thinks that this alley seems to be out of place with the surrounding environment.





 Back to school, Su Shi also appeased Yu Feng a few words, which allowed him to return to the classroom.

Although there have been many speculations, Su Shi’s exact understanding of this illusory world is actually not much. What he is thinking now is that since there are first and second weeks, if he does not do anything, let him If the Unreal World continues to operate according to its original settings, should there be a third week, a fourth week, or even a deeper cycle?

If the illusory world reaches the cycle of the death of Yu Feng, or even suicide, Su Shi may not accept it, but even if there are more doubts and guesses in the heart, now I can only wait.

After all, there are only three points that can be mastered at the moment, the time point when the second week is opened, the time when Yu Feng’s sister died in a car accident, and the time when Yu Feng committed suicide.

The first time has passed, and the next thing is Yu Ting’s car accident.

Although Yu Feng’s heart was very embarrassing and scared, but Su Shi’s companionship, the time passed quickly in the past week. On the night of April 6th, the mental state of Yu Feng was completely tightened. It is also pale and scary.

Probably too nervous, he did not hold back during the class and ran to the door of Su Shi's classroom.

After being reminded by the ball, Su Shi got up directly from the seat: "Yu Feng, are you looking for me?"

He kept the ball staring at the situation of Feng and his sister, and there should be nothing wrong with it.

Yu Feng also felt that his actions might have disturbed Su Shi and shook his head: "Nothing, I will go back to the classroom."

Su Shi saw this clearly in front of Feng's face, and immediately understood why he appeared here: "Is it worried about your sister?"

Yu Feng bowed his head and it was the default.

"Don't worry, it will be fine." Although I don't know what direction the situation will develop, there is still some comfort to say.

Yu Feng both hands hard into a fist, and looked at Su Shi with a worried look: "Really? My sister, will she really be fine?"

"Of course, as long as you don't let your sister go out the day after tomorrow, it will be fine." Su Shi took a shot on the shoulder of Yu Feng.

Although this comfort did give Yu Feng some peace of mind, but soon, the strong fears in his heart floated out of control, leaving him in a state of extreme confusion.

Su Shi is also really unable to take the lead, and can only sigh and propose: "If you are really worried, or will I go to your house with you tonight? I will be at your house tomorrow, so that the day after tomorrow At the time, you are not alone. If something really happens, I can work with you to find a solution."

The day after tomorrow is April 8th, but tomorrow is Saturday, no class, if you let Yu Feng stay at home alone, it is estimated that he has to scare himself to death, and this is also very beneficial for Su Shi. After all, he has to do everything he can to prevent Yu's sister from making another accident. It is good to look at it earlier.

After a few days of getting along, Yu Feng had full confidence in Su Shi and heard no doubts. Instead, he was very grateful and embarrassed to ask: "Do you really want to go to my house? But my family is a bit rude."

"It doesn't matter, everyone is similar," Su Shi smiled very gently. "But you have to go home with me first. I have to talk to my mom first, otherwise she will worry about me."

"Okay, I really bothered you," Yu Feng also rarely showed a smile, but soon thought of a question, "That... Does your mother know about you?"

Yu Feng said that it was obviously the first week and the second week. Su Shi understood it instantly and immediately answered: "She doesn't know, I only know you."

This sounds just to state a fact, but Yu Feng listened, but couldn't help but feel a little happy, just like every time he feels flustered, no matter what he can do, but as long as this person is by his side, If you open your mouth to comfort yourself or take a shot of his shoulder, he will feel a lot of peace of mind.

After the evening study, Yu Feng went to the original home with Su Shi, and then Su Shi went to his home with Yu Feng. When the two arrived at the front house, Yu Feng’s sister was sitting on the sofa waiting for Yu Feng. I saw Su Shi, who was behind Feng Feng, and stood up.

"Sister, this is my classmate, I invited him to come to our house to play." Yu Feng explained.

Su Shi smiled and nodded: "Sister is good, my name is Liu Yang."

"It turned out to be a classmate, come on." Yu Ting waved the two men in, and both of them were puzzled and relieved. These days, my brother’s mood has not been right, and she refused to tell her that she is now willing to bring her classmates. Come back to play, at least one of my peers can accompany, and let yourself rest assured.

Su Shi just sneaked a few words with Yu Feng, and then followed Yu Feng to his room. Yu Feng’s home was very simple. It turned out to be a one-bedroom apartment. Yu Feng lived in the bedroom and his sister gave it in the living room. I made a partition myself as a bedroom.

The layout in Yu Feng's room is also very simple, a bed, a desk, a wardrobe, nothing else.

Su Shi will look at the front room and smiled and said: "Your home is very good."

Seeing Su Shi did not disappoint, Yu Feng really relieved, moved the only chair in the room to Su Shi, and asked: "Do you want to drink water?"

"No, time is not early, or go to bed early." Su Shi did not want to let Yu Feng busy, and there is really no need to be busy.

Yu Feng did not insist, the two simply took a shower and went to sleep together, of course, just sleeping together.

The next day, Yu Ting went to work. Su Shi and Yu Feng stayed at his house for a whole day. About half an hour on average, Su Shi would open his comfort and encourage Yu Feng once. At night.

Yu Ting's work was very hard, not only a single break, but also late after work, and came back at about nine o'clock in the evening. Upon hearing the lock, Yu Feng subconsciously grabbed Su Shi's hand and sought strength.

Su Shi looked at the white fingertips of the front. In the end, he didn't have a hand to break away. Some principles were blasphemy. He never took the initiative to touch any part of the front body, so this is the first physical contact between the two.

"Don't be nervous, I am here." Su Shi whispered.

Yu Ting opened the door and saw the two people in the living room, smiling with a little exhaustion: "Why are you still not sleeping? Are you waiting for me?"

"Sister, I have something to say to you." Yu Feng cleared his throat and took the courage to speak.

Yu Ting changed her slippers and sat down on the sofa. I didn’t know why I was looking at my nervous brother: "What happened?"

"Sister, don't you go out tomorrow?" Yu Feng is now nervous. He doesn't know what is excessive, and he speaks directly.

Yu Ting is inevitably a bit strange: "What's wrong? Why don't you let me go tomorrow?"

"I..." Yu Feng didn't know what to say.

Su Shi smiled and said from the side: "I and Xiao Feng are doing the test competition today. Whoever loses will have to answer one of the other requirements. I just made a joke at the time. As a result, he took it seriously and must cash it. ”

"It turned out to be like this." Although I don't know why my brother's classmates have to ask such strange requests, Yu Ting did not think much.

Yu Feng immediately echoed: "Yes, that's it, so can you go out tomorrow?"

"Is it impossible to go out all day?" Yu Ting asked the sofa.

Yu Feng nodded repeatedly: "It is from 12 o'clock tonight, to 12 o'clock tomorrow night."

Seeing that my younger brother was very concerned about this matter, and I did not need to go out the next day, Yu Ting thought about it and agreed to it: "Oh, then I will not go out."

“Really?” Yu Feng asked Su Shi’s hand.

"It’s just a day without going out, I can lie to you," Yu Ting looked at the sly brother with a funny look. "But since you don't let me go out, the food for tomorrow will be handed over to you."

"Well, I will go shopping tomorrow," Yu Feng immediately smiled, although there were still deep concerns in his eyes. "Sister, since you promised me, you must not go out tomorrow!"

"I know, you go back to the house and go to sleep, it's a rare weekend, don't sleep so late." Yu Ting smiled and stood up and patted Yu Feng's shoulder.

Su Shi took Yu Feng back to the room and heard Yu Feng ask himself indefinitely: "Is it OK? My sister really won't have an accident?"

"Since your sister has promised you, you should not renege on it, rest assured." Su Shi can only comfort Yu Feng.

It’s easy to get better at Yu Feng and let him go to bed. Su Shi also told the ball: “Always stare at the situation of Ting, if you have any questions, feel free to tell me.”

"Yes!" The ball answered cheerfully.

The night was very calm. The next day, Su Shi hadn't woken up yet, and he heard the voice of the ball: "The host is not very good!"

"What's wrong?" Su Shi immediately woke up, is it that Ting is ready to go out?

"I just saw that Ting's face was not quite right. I scanned her physical condition and found that she was having a high fever of 39°." The ball rushed to report the situation.

Su Shi turned and called Yu Feng to get up, frowning and asking for the ball: "In the first week of the purpose, did Yu Ting have a fever?"

"No, when she went out to buy food, there was no problem with her body." The ball answered.

That being said, this time Yu Ting's fever came a little embarrassing.

"What's wrong?" Yu Feng was awakened by Su Shi, and the whole person immediately entered the embarrassment. "Is my sister something wrong?"

It’s true that your sister has an accident, but Su Shi can only say: “No, I just think that if you are so worried about your sister, it’s best to look at it later.”

"You are right, I am going to pass," Yu Feng got up from the bed and walked away in a confused way, but soon he ran back and looked anxiously at Su Shidao. "Liu Yang, I just knocked." My sister's door, but there is no movement inside. My sister, will she already go out?!"





 Su Shi walked up from the bed and went out: "Should not? Have you seen it?"

"No, my sister locked the door from the inside, I can't get in." Yu Feng was crying.

"I will try it," Su Shi said as he gave the ball a look. He walked over to Ting's door, just gently twisting the door handle, and the door was pushed. Opening a gap, he looked back at Yu Feng. "Can we go in directly?"

Yu Feng nodded, and the action eagerly pushed the door and went in. After a while, he eagerly said: "Sister, you wake up! What happened to you? Don't scare me!"

Su Shi followed and walked in. Seeing that Yu Feng only knew that he was standing on the edge of the bed and swaying on Ting's arm, he had to remind him: "I don't think your sister's face is quite right. Will she have a fever?"

Yu Feng reached out and touched Ting's forehead. This touch was shocked: "My sister's forehead is hot!"

The two men hurriedly helped Ting to measure his body temperature. At this time, her body temperature had risen to 39.5°, and the whole person was in a drowsy state. Yu Feng’s eyes were all red.

"Do you have antipyretics in your family? Your sister is burning very badly now, or find out to give your sister a little bit of it." Su Shi saw that Yu Feng had no clue again, and reminded him.

Yu Feng nodded and looked in a panic and went to the cupboard to find antipyretics. Su Shi went to the kitchen and poured a glass of water. The two together gave Yu Ting a medicine.

However, the medicine that was fed did not seem to have any effect on Ting's body. After waiting for half an hour, Yu Ting did not show signs of waking up, and her body temperature did not fall, rising from 39.5°. 39.7°.

"What can I do? How can my sister's body temperature not fall down?" Yu Feng used his cool towel to apply his forehead to his sister, and looked anxiously at Su Shi.

Su Shi frowned at the bed, he faintly felt that in this illusory world, there seems to be a force, constantly pulling the story that has changed to the original track.

"It seems that I can only send your sister to the hospital." Although the risk of going out at this time is great, Yu Feng is definitely not allowed to have a high fever here.

Yu Feng struggled with his fist for a while, and gritted his teeth: "You can only send my sister to the hospital first, but we can't take that road."

"Okay," Su Shi thought for a moment and suggested, "If we still call an ambulance, it will be faster."

Of course, the most important thing is that whether it is a traffic light or any other vehicle, you have to give way to the ambulance, and you can save a lot of trouble in advance.

Yu Feng is almost completely in a state of no idea at present. What Su Shi said is: "Well, I will call."

Half an hour later, the ambulance finally arrived. After the medical staff performed the simple treatment, the pedestrian quickly set off. When he got on the bus, Su Shi specially explained to the driver who drove the driver: "Uncle, let's go to the road on the right, where Close to the hospital."

"Cheng." The driver's master promised very simply.

However, after the road, the ambulance turned to the left road, Su Shi and Yu Feng met, all face a strange color, Su Shi probe asked: "Master, how do you turn left?"

"Oh, just a colleague called me and said that the road on the right is under construction and can't be used." The driver replied while driving.

"What should I do? How come..." Yu Feng was anxious to pick up his hand.

Su Shi patted his shoulder and appeased: "Don't worry, the road to the left may not pass there."

But at the same time, he has already let the ball prepare for the survival of the props. If there is inevitably a car accident in the future, at least try to make Yu Ting live.

Although it hasn't happened yet, Su Shi actually expected the upcoming situation. First, Yu Ting's high fever did not retreat, and then to the construction of the road, I am afraid that the next force to pull the plot will become more and more powerful.

Sure enough, five minutes later, when the ambulance was ready to turn, it suddenly found that there was a continuous rear-end collision after the turn, and the entire section was blocked.

Even if it is an ambulance, it is difficult to walk on this road.

Seeing that the ambulance is getting closer and closer to the location of the first week of the car accident, Yu Feng is nervous and said: "Master, don't rush to turn around, we won't go that intersection."

"You two children are really fun, I don't know the road, I need you to point it out." The driver's master is a little unhappy.

Yu Feng didn't know how to explain it. He was so anxious that his forehead was sweating. Su Shi patted him on the shoulder and said: "We just talked about it, the master didn't care about us."

"Liu Yang, we..." Yu Feng was anxious and looked at Su Shi inexplicably.

Su Shi’s face shook his head sharply and shook his head. He whispered in his ear: “You also saw it. Now, no matter how we stop it, I’m afraid it will inevitably go that way. Unless we choose not to send your sister to the hospital."

"What should we do now? I can't let my sister have an accident!" Yu Feng was so anxious.

"Don't worry, we are also in the car now. If something really happens, everyone is going to have something to do with it, so things may not be so bad." Su Shi can only use this to be comforted by the words of comfort.

"But..." Yu Feng looked at Su Shi and suddenly grabbed his hand. "No! You are innocent. I can't even get into trouble with you. You can get off now!"

Said, Yu Feng turned his head and whispered: "Park! Stop! Someone wants to get off!"

"You two are sick, this is going to the hospital right away, what car is still parked now?" The driver's master was uplifted by these two seemingly abnormal teenagers.

Su Shi’s two hands holding the face of Feng, forced him to look at himself: “Yu Feng, you look at me, no matter what happens later, don’t panic, because you have tried your best, understand? ?"

Yu Feng’s mood has always been slightly stimulated, and he will be very responsive. Now his heart must be very upset.

"And this is my own choice, not you are tired of me. From the very beginning, I took the initiative to find you, right?" Although Su Shi seems to be seriously looking at Yu Feng, but he has not forgotten attention. Outside, now that the ambulance is driving to the corner, what is happening is about to become a reality.

Yu Feng looked at Su Shi’s clear and calm eyes, and the panic and fear in his heart were slowly suppressed under such a confrontation, but when his mood finally returned to calm The ambulance suddenly came a 90° turn.

Yu Feng's body slammed, but he was immediately surrounded by a pair of powerful arms. Everything around him seemed to enter the high-speed mode. He couldn't see anything clearly, but he could see the dark scorpions.

The sounds around him were cluttered and embarrassing, but at this moment it seemed to be shielded from the general, and could not be transmitted to his ears until the eyes were lightly smashed. Yu Feng had a big dream and woke up again. The feeling of reality.

There was a harsh sound coming from the ear, and Yu Feng was about to turn his head to check the situation, but he was again held by Su Shi: "Don't look."

"What?" Yu Feng is somewhat puzzled. What happened in the end?

Su Shi did not say anything, just pulled the ambulance directly under the front, and Yu Feng took a look at the side, suddenly stunned and widened his eyes, clearly that he had just felt nothing, why the ambulance The front of the car was so deep in the wall on the side of the road!

"This..." After Yu Feng was shocked, he remembered the same sister who was in the ambulance. He just had to look back. Su Shi had already pulled him away and quickly left the scene of the accident.

"What is going on? Why is the ambulance going...and my sister, she is now..." Yu Feng’s heart screamed, he had expected something, but couldn’t believe it was really happened.

After turning a corner, Su Shi looked at Yu Feng with a serious look and said, "Yu Feng, don't panic, listen to me first."

Yu Feng looked at Su Shi with a vague look. He subconsciously held Su Shi’s hand, as if he was holding his last life-saving straw.

"There was a car accident in the ambulance. Except for the two of us, no one else was spared." Su Shi is also looking directly at Yu Feng. The voice is slow but reveals a convincing and stable force. "But this It’s not the root of the problem. I just collected some data. In the minute before the accident, the driver’s heart suddenly stopped for no reason, causing the ambulance to lose control and crashing into the wall on the side of the road at high speed. However, in the ambulance In the moment when I collided with the courtyard wall, you and my body suddenly showed a layer of isolation gas, which is why we can still stand here now."

Yu Feng’s head was cluttered, but Su Shi’s voice was clearly passed into his brain.

"Besides, you should be very clear. In the first week of the week, your sister did not have a fever, and the series of things triggered by this as a starting point did not appear in the first week. Appeared," Su Shi said here, after a few pauses, summed up, "So now the situation is that no matter how hard we try, some mysterious force in the world will drag things back to the original track. ""

Su Shi looked directly at Yu Feng and said in one word: "In other words, no matter what we do, your sister will have a car accident here today, then..."

"Why... why is this? Clearly my sister promised that I will not go out today." Yu Feng seemed to want to cry, but forced to cry.

Su Shi sighed: "But is that really your sister?"

Yu Feng stunned and frowned. "What do you mean by this?"

"Yu Feng, have you ever thought that everything here may be fake at all?" The second point has passed, and Su Shi is not prepared to let Yu Feng think of suicide again, so he will choose to tell the truth at this time. .





 "Fake? How is this possible?!" Yu Feng stunned his voice and looked at Su Shi without confidence.

"I know that this incident has a great impact on you. You may not accept it for a while, but I have to tell you that the world you are in now is just an illusory world. Everything here is fake. Including your identity, everything you experienced, even your sister's death, do you understand?" Su Shi held down Yu Feng's shoulder, word by word.

Yu Feng did not dare to look at Su Shi’s eyes. He just shook his head desperately and whispered: "Impossible, how could this be... impossible to be fake..."

"Yu Feng, you calm down first, I tell you this, I don't want to see you hurting yourself again meaninglessly, instead of looking at you to avoid the reality." Su Shi frowned and looked at Yu Feng, shaking him hard. The shoulders.

Upon hearing this, Yu Feng’s eyes jerked brightly. He looked up and his red eyes stared at Su Shi: “Liu Yang, you must be worried that I will be sad because of my sister’s death. Is it right to lie to me like this? But we still have a chance, we can return to the time when everything has not happened, as long as I..."

"Yu Feng!" Su Shi gave a low voice and interrupted Yu Feng’s unfinished words. "I am not lying to you, there is no need to lie to you, and you think about the situation just now. You really feel that you have to commit suicide." Can you save everything? As long as this day comes, your sister will inevitably die here, the only change is the way she died!"

"But you said before, this can be avoided..." Although Yu Feng did not cry, his expression looked ugly than crying.

Although subjectively reluctant to believe Su Shi’s words, Yu Feng is not a fool. In just one day, too many incredible accidents have occurred, and this pile of “accidents” is like a catalyst, causing my sister. The ending that can't be avoided.

Looking at this kind of Yu Feng, Su Shi finally couldn't help but hug and hug him. He sighed: "At that time, I thought we could break this false world by preventing this from happening, but The result is that no matter how hard we try, we can't do it."

"But why... you will say that this is a false world? We all live here, how can this be fake?" Yu Feng did not push Su Shi, but instead just hugged the straw like a life-saving straw. he.

"In fact, I knew from the beginning, because I not only have the memories here, but also the memories in the real world. Those memories are totally different from my current identity and experience, but I don't know why I am here. I don't know what I should do to get back to reality," Su Shi said quietly. These are all words he had thought of before. "Until I received the message, I guessed that this illusory world might be Produced for you, and the reason I am here is to take you away from this illusory world."

Su Shi had already considered that after the illusory world was broken, he would definitely re-engage with the man in the real mission world. Instead of meeting and meeting again at that time, it would be better to lay a foundation now. It is more convenient to build deep feelings.

And if Yu Feng is not a man at all, then there is nothing. He has never existed in this illusory world. In this case, he and Yu Feng will not have any intersection in reality.

Yu Feng just listened to Su Shi’s words and did not give any response. After all, he has just experienced too many things. He is afraid that he is now in a mess.

"In fact, even now, I still haven’t fully understood the clues. Objectively, I really shouldn’t reveal the truth to you at this time, because the information I have about the illusory world is still too small. With a lot of attention, I can understand all of this more accurately and find a breakthrough. However, Su Shi said with a heavy sigh. "Now I have treated you as a friend, so I can’t do it. Watching you continue to do stupid things in a meaningless way."

In Yu Feng’s mind, I have some memories of my own experiences in the process of growing up. Are those memories that are incomparably true to him really fake?

That sister’s death...

"I know that you may not be able to accept me completely. I can only say that for you now, I believe that my words are nothing but harmless." Su Shi paused for a while and continued, "after all Even if the world we are in now is real, we have to wait a few more days in the second week, and it has no effect on you, because in the first few weeks, their starting point is the same, this is not the case. It will affect you back to save your sister, so why not consider trusting me for the time being?"

Su Shi’s words really made sense. Even if Yu Feng still couldn’t make up his mind, he was convinced by this. He slowly pushed Su Shi and said with a low head: “What are you going to do now?”

"Since this is an illusory world, you can always find an exit to the real world," Su Shi looked at in the direction of the car accident. He was still interested in the alley that seemed to be deep and cold. "The car accident happened. The time is different from the first week, and the way is completely different. The only overlap is the location. I think this place is very weird."

Although Yu Feng was temporarily convinced by Su Shi, but thought that his sister had just been here, the sadness and fear of his heart suddenly came back: "But I..."

"I know that you don't want to stay here, and that's why I feel that there is something hidden in this place. After all, even if you notice that something is wrong with your situation, you can't take the courage to get rid of it. Let's explore the situation here?" Su Shi guessed.

It is undoubtedly a very effective way to hide the key points in places where the front is impossible to get close to.

Yu Feng nodded with a fist, and he was really full of fear about this place. Before that, he thought it was because his sister had been here, it would bring him a shadow, but now I think about it, it seems that it is not only that.

But he should never have been here before, so where did the fear of seeping into the bone come from?

"Don't worry, if you feel scared, just here, or go home and wait for me, I can do it alone." Su Shi patted Yu Feng's shoulder, as long as he couldn't think of it, everything was easy to say.

Yu Feng glanced at Su Shi, but he gritted his teeth: "I am still with you, it was originally that I brought you in."

"Alright," thought of Yu Feng’s fear of this place. After a moment of silence, Su Shi promised to go down and looked at the place where the car accident happened. "Are you aware that something is wrong? It happened so big accident." No one has handled it yet."

Yu Feng did not dare to go in that direction, only hurriedly responded.

"Are you really okay?" Su Shi swept up and looked at Yu Feng. It hasn't started yet. Yu Feng was so scared that he didn't dare to carry it.

Yu Feng really felt very scared, but after a moment of silence, he still shook his head and shook his head: "I am fine."

"Then let's take a look at it." Su Shi seems to have inadvertently grabbed Yu Feng's hand and walked in the direction just arrived.

According to the current situation, the key points of the illusory world seem to be only three, and they are all time points. When people think about it, they will definitely consider these three points, but Su Shi’s ideas are different.

The more often it is on the surface, the more likely it is to confuse people.

And as he said before, if the first week and the second week are compared to Ting’s death, the only thing in common is the location of the accident, plus Yu Feng’s fear of it, let Sue I feel more and more that the key point of everything is here.

Su Shi took Yu Feng and walked slowly along the street. At the beginning, Yu Feng’s performance was still normal, but the closer he was to the alley, the more nervous Yu Yu was, the more he became. The slower it is.

Waiting for a distance of about ten meters from the alley, Yu Feng directly dragged Su Shi’s arm: “Liu Yang, we really... really want to pass?”

Su Shi pointed to the entrance to the alley not far away: "Are you afraid of it?"

"Yes, I don't know what's going on, but I really don't want to go." Yu Feng's palms were soaked in cold sweat, showing how scared he is now.

Su Shi does not want to be stronger than the front, but the situation at the moment has already verified his speculation on the side of the degree, so no matter what is in the alley, he must go to see it, and now Yu Feng must also go with him. .

Yu Feng’s reaction to this place is so large that it is enough to explain the reason for Su Shi’s decision: “Yu Feng, I know that you are scared, but maybe there is a breakthrough at all, maybe there is a passage to the real world, we must go Look."

Yu Feng was looking at his toes, his face was pale and scary, and his heart was almost smashing his eyes.

"And we just looked at it in the past, maybe nothing will happen?" Su Shi calmly pinched the hand of Yu Feng, and the voice was soft. "Yu Feng, do you really want to go back to the real world?" Maybe in the real world, your sister is still alive, maybe she is waiting for you to go back?"

"I..." Yu Feng moved the lips that had lost his blood, and the breathing became rushed. After a long while, he barely spit out three words. "I try."

Su Shi clenched his hand at the front: "Don't be afraid, there is me, I will protect you."

The next ten meters, the two took a long time to go halfway, even if they have already agreed, the fear in Yu Feng is not so easy to overcome, Su Shi can not force him to go forward, the two Almost one step, stop for three minutes.

When the alley is finally close, the clothes on Yu Feng have been wetted by cold sweat, and a face is even white as paper, and he can no longer step forward: "Liu Yang, I... I think I am still No, I don't dare to go, what should I do... What should I do?"

In the voice of Yu Feng, they were all crying.

Su Shi sighed in her heart, so the act of forcing Yu Feng to face fear in the heart was indeed cruel, but he could not choose to give up at this time. Su Shi looked directly at Yu Feng and whispered: "You close your eyes. ""

"What?" Yu Feng's voice was barely audible.

Su Shi directly reached out to Yu Feng's eyes. Under such extreme fear, the line of sight was suddenly blocked. Yu Feng immediately struggled, but in the next moment, he suddenly felt a warm thing on his lips. Over, with a little soft and warm.

this is……

Yu Feng was too late to respond, the body was dragged up by a gust of wind, drifting in a certain direction, and then his head suddenly stunned, and consciousness gradually drifted away...





 Su Shi slowly opened his throat in the darkness, and he listened to the ball and shouted at the side: "Hosting adults, you are finally awake! I have two good news here. Which one do you want to listen to first?"

"Do you have any meaning in your question?" Su Shi opened his mouth and found that his voice was hoarse and screaming, and he couldn’t vomit his voice. He wanted to raise his hand and scream at the temple that was jumping and hurting. There is no strength at all.

It should be said that it is not just the hand. He is now free to turn except for the eyes. Other parts are completely incapable of moving.

"Yes, then I will say it directly. The first good news is that we finally got rid of the illusory world and returned to the real mission world." The ball smirked, obviously in a good mood, "As for the second good news. You can't think of the host, we have actually completed the main task of the world! Is this a great good news?"

Su Shi took a breath and did not show any joy: "I think you may have missed a bad news, why can't I move now?"

The ball only remembered that he had not shared the original plot and the memory of the original owner to his own host, and he was busy sending things to the past: "You should first understand the host."

In view of his current situation, Su Shi first looked at the memory of the original Lord.

The original name was Liu Yang, who was a great young master. It was supposed to be a smooth life and enjoy the rich and glory. Who knows that when he was 18 years old, he suddenly had a half-brother, his illegitimate brother Liu Hao.

With the illegitimate brother, there was a family dispute. The original owner was raised and raised. He did not understand these conspiracy calculations. Fortunately, his father was still a little conscience. He made a will in advance and gave all the family assets to Liu Yang.

Probably the retribution is unhappy, this will soon came in handy, but when Liu’s father died, Liu Hao and his mother immediately succumbed to the ambition of the heart, and extended the devil’s palm to the original owner, and arranged a car accident to knock the original owner into Vegetative.

However, it was only a vegetative person. Obviously it was not enough. However, when Liu Hao was ready to slash and slash the roots, he learned from the lawyer who had helped Liu’s father to make a will. When Liu’s father made a will, he also arranged the original owner. Established a will.

As long as the original owner dies, all assets under his name will be automatically donated to welfare agencies, and Liu Hao and his mother will not get a penny.

In this case, the original master was able to save his life, but he could only lie quietly and unconsciously in the hospital bed, and this was only temporary.

Because Liu Hao and his mother are not idle, taking advantage of this great opportunity, they have tried their best to transfer the original owner’s assets to their own name, and after this vast project is completely completed, the poor original owner even the vegetative They can't do it, and they are directly killed by two people.

Understand the memory of the original Lord, Su Shi also understands his situation, he should have just revived from the state of the vegetative, so he will be unable to move, even struggling to speak.

Based on such a tragic and short-lived life, the content of the regional task is also very clear and simple, so that the original owner can get rid of the original tragic fate and let Liu Hao and his mother get the punishment they deserve.

This is absolutely trivial to Su Shi. After thinking about it for a moment, he turned his eyes to the original plot.

The world's male name is Yu Feng, a member of an intelligence organization with a strong professional ability and a very good reputation.

However, such a forked man was betrayed by a member of the same organization at the age of 29 and fell into a cruel and violent gangster.

In order to obtain a large amount of information in the front of the mind, the gangsters used various cruel methods, but they failed to do so. Finally, he purchased a virtual system at a high price and implanted it into the brain of the front to make it into the illusory world. .

His purpose was to continually stimulate the front brain through the context of the virtual world to defeat the line of defense and obtain the desired information.

However, the end result is that after Yu Feng struggled to enter the eleventh week, he finally couldn't stand the stimuli that had been magnified dozens of times, and eventually led to brain death.

Yu Feng’s brain death means that the story has reached the end.

"Yu Feng, really is him." After reading the original plot, Su Shi’s shackles are already gray.

According to the description in the original plot, the virtual system implanted in the front brain not only rebuilt a life completely different from reality for Yu Feng, forcibly modified his personality setting, and even raised his emotional sense to the original. Dozens of times.

In general, under normal circumstances, Yu Feng lost a dollar and only regretted it, but in this virtual world, he has the illusion that he has lost the whole world.

This kind of argument seems to be slightly exaggerated, but in reality it may be even more horrible. People's emotions are hard to ponder. The theoretical increase is dozens of times. It is not as simple as turning a dollar into tens of dollars.

"Yeah, Yu Feng is really a man. I knew that the host should have kissed him directly." Before he left the illusory world, Su Shi made a illusion of being kissed in order to stabilize him. But that thing is actually the touch of the ball to help synthesize.

I really feel a little regretful in the heart of the ball, but when I finished this sentence, I was glanced at Su, and I could only immediately transfer the topic. "That... the host adult saw this main line task? Let's do this. The second task is to help the man from the virtual world, so now the main line task is completed!"

"What is the situation with Yu Feng?" Su Shi is most concerned about this now.

The ball was busy to investigate the situation of Yu Feng, as the real report: "The man has now woken up, he seems to be trying to escape... and so on! He and the host are actually in the same hospital. This is too clever!"

The voice of the ball just fell, and the entire hospital suddenly sounded a loud alarm, like who was ringing all the sirens in an instant.

Su Shi was frowned and frowned. When she thought of something, she blinked her eyes: "Who is the alarm?"

"It’s the man, he is now in the closed laboratory at the top of the building. Just woke up and tried to get out of the control of the virtual system, but the lab he was in was completely closed. The man couldn’t escape, so he rang the entire hospital’s alarms by monitoring the brains of his brain,” the ball replied cheerfully. “He should do this to create chaos and give himself Fighting for time, I didn’t expect the world’s male hacker technology to be good, but it’s still not as good as me. Although it sounded the alarm, it’s still not easy if he wants to escape the lab.”

"Help him." Since it is determined that the other party is his own lover, Su Shi naturally will not stand by.

Yu Feng has just left the illusory world, and his mental condition must be very poor. Even if he can escape with his own strength, Su Shi will not let him toss himself.

"Yes!" The ball went out. In less than two minutes, it cracked the lab's three-layer password wall and conquered the defense system of the corresponding floor. "Getting it, the man has now left the lab and is groping. Come here on the stairs."

"Let him come over and look for me," Su Shi arranged a task for the ball. By the way, he looked at his body. "Help me redeem a prop that repairs the body, which can make the body function instantly recover."

I will see my lover soon, how can he greet each other with such a gesture?

"Okay." Although sometimes IQ can't keep up with their own host, the ball is still quite reliable when doing business. When using high-tech means, it will lead to the side and search for suitable props. The home host adjusts the state of the body to the best state that is currently achievable.

Su Shi slowly sat down from the hospital bed. Although she was already more comfortable on the body, it was probably not comfortable for a long time.

Although Liu Hao's mother and son are not good people, but the appearance is quite good, the original ward is also a luxury suite, bathroom and kitchen are readily available.

"I will take a shower first." Su Shi smelled the smell of his body. The unique taste of a hospital was not so good. It seemed to be a bit sour. He went straight to the bathroom.

"You can hurry back to the host, oh, the man will be coming soon." The ball bounced and reminded.

Su Shi really wanted to be fast, but he was too dirty. Even if he speeded up, it took him more than ten minutes to wash his body thoroughly.

Pick up the towel and wipe it clean. Su Shi did not put on the sick suit, and wrapped the towel directly to open the door of the bathroom.

At the moment when the bathroom door was opened, the whole world seemed to be quiet for a moment, because the lights in the ward were not known to be shut down, and Su Shi also heard another breathing sound that did not belong to him in the ward.

The voice was very short, but it looked very weak. Su Shi’s gaze swept in the dark and eventually locked in a corner of the ward.

He couldn't see the figure and appearance of the man, but he had a pair of eagle-like sharp and deep-eyed eyes. The eyes were also staring at him at the moment, with a savage and decisive one. It is completely different from the "Yu Feng" in the fantasy world.

Although I don't like my lover to look at myself with such a gaze, I have to say that this kind of gaze seems to be more pleasing than the kind of fearful eyes in the illusory world.

"How can my man be a weak attack?" Su Shi snorted, which is obviously said to the ball.

"..." The original host also remembered this matter. The ball looked at the host in a black line, and reluctantly echoed the road. "Well, the host is right."

Su Shi slowly walked out of the bathroom and closed the bathroom door with his backhand. He saw that Yu Feng had slowly stood up against the wall with a vigilance, and smiled slightly: "First time, first introduce yourself, hello, my name is Liu Yang. It is a patient at this hospital and I am very happy to see you in this situation."





 After Yu Feng’s gaze heard this sentence, he flashed a little because he heard a familiar name.

"The reason why I feel happy is because I just woke up," Su Shi walked back to his bed, as if he didn't notice the tension and vigilance that Yu Feng showed. "I don't want you." Say, I have been a vegetative person for a while. The reason why I suddenly wake up today is probably because of a very strange dream I have done before. Although it sounds a bit nonsense, in any case, I can wake up from the state of the vegetative. I am very lucky, do you think so right?"

Yu Feng stared at Su Shi for a moment. Just about to open it, he saw light and humming from outside. The spirit of just relaxing was suddenly tightened, and the movements of those people were very fast.

"Is the outside person looking for you?" Su Shi glanced outside the ward, his voice whispered. "If you need help, I can help you, free of charge, even if I am awake." The first person to see the preferential treatment."

Yu Feng did not directly seek help, but said his name: "My name is Yu Feng."

"Yu Feng?" Su Shi slightly widened his eyes and smiled. "It’s a coincidence. In the dream I had done before, the name of the person I met was the same as you, but he is a very sensitive and vulnerable person, and you. It looks very different."

Yu Feng’s eyes lit up again, but he did not explain much, but took Su Shi’s sentence: “Thank you for helping me, what should I do now?”

"You go to the bathroom, I won't let them find you," Su Shi pointed to the direction of the bathroom. After thinking about it, he added another sentence, "Trust me, I will protect you."

"I believe in you." Yu Feng glanced at Su Shi with a deep gaze and walked to the bathroom without hesitation, hiding himself.

Su Shi changed his bed sheets on the bed with disappointment, and then re-laid back to the hospital bed, turning his head to the ball: "Is the tail erased?"

"Of course, I am a super invincible advanced intelligent system!" The ball is particularly proud of the chest, although it does not have such a thing.

The important experimental objects in the top-level laboratory were gone, and the sound of the alarms in the whole building was reverberated. The combination of the two was naturally very different, and soon the inspectors arrived.

This floor is a senior ward, and the quality of the deployed personnel is also high, but it is limited to other wards, because everyone in this hospital knows that living in this ward is already lying in bed for nearly half a year. The time of the Liu family vegetative young master, there is no difference in knocking on the door.

However, just as the two investigators directly pushed the door open and prepared to turn the lights in the ward open, a slightly ridiculous voice suddenly came from the direction of the bed, scaring them into a spirit.

"I don't want to say hello when I don't say hello," wouldn't it seem rude?" Su Shi was lying on the bed, looking at the two people who came in with a smile.

The two men in the dark immediately alerted them. After quickly turning on the lights, they raised their weapons and pointed at Su Shi. The expression was tight and said: "Who are you?"

"You are really surprised by this question. I even asked a patient who has been living here for nearly half a year. Who suddenly is a bit skeptical about what kind of irresponsible hospital he is living in." Su Shi chuckle I looked at the two with irony.

Looking at the gesture lying on the bed casually, and Su Shi, who only wrapped a bathrobe, the eyes of both of them became strange. This person is not their search target, but it is not like Liu’s small Master.

Who has been a vegetative person for half a year, how can it be so easy to wake up? Even if he is really lucky enough to wake up, he is not like a vegetative person.

However, the management of the advanced ward area has always been strict. If this person is really not the young master Liu Jiaxiao, it will never appear here, so what is going on?

The two are about to contact the medical staff in charge of the area to verify the situation. Su Shi has already opened it again: "I have been lying in the hospital bed for nearly half a year, and now I finally wake up. As a result, the hospital staff did not know me. This sounds really interesting. I am thinking about whether I should take care of this after I leave the hospital."

Although Liu Yang has now become a dispensable Liu Jiaxiao young master, and has lost his father's only asylum, Liu is a high-ranking family after all, and it will not be provoked.

The two people who looked at each other looked at each other. One of them went to the front step and said politely: "Liu Shao please don't misunderstand. We are only surprised at the moment, so we will respond. Please pay attention to Liu Shao. In fact, we are afraid to disturb Liu. Less, because the alarm bell of the hospital has been fully activated. Such a large-scale alarm is very likely that an illegal person has sneaked into the hospital. For the safety considerations of Liu Shao and other patients, we must conduct a check on the ward. ”

"I don't need it here." Su Shi put his arms behind his head and his posture looked very casual.

Another person smiled and said: "Liu Shao, we are also considering your safety, please ask Liu Shao to cooperate. Liu Shao rest assured, our investigation will only take a few minutes and will never bother for too long."

"I have said that I don't need it. Are you deliberately doing the right thing against me?" Su Shi's voice showed a lot of dissatisfaction. He frowned. "When the bell rings, I have already woken up. After that, I didn't enter any outsiders in my ward, so you can rest assured."

Yu Feng, who was hiding in the bathroom, couldn’t help but feel a subtle feeling when he heard the words “have not entered any outsiders”, although it is clear that this may be just the wording of the other party’s search.

The other party did not smile and laughed: "Liu Shao just woke up, it is also possible to be sensitive enough, and we are only routinely checking, and please ask Liu Shao not to embarrass us."

"Is it not right for you to be sensitive enough? I am lying here with such a big living person, you dare to come in directly. Will you live in your hospital, is there still a little privacy right?" I also pulled back the problem, and I was very righteous and remarkable. "Even if I am a vegetative person, I should have my own rights? You are very disrespectful to me, understand?"

The investigation of the duo is somewhat speechless. This person is obviously deliberately turning around with them, and the more they are, the more they suspect that the escaped subject may be in this ward: "Liu Shao, we really Just concerned about your safety."

"No matter what excuses you say, I now refuse you to enter my ward, or make any rude behavior in my ward. If you must do this, I will pursue it." One statement.

The two also have some helplessness. If they are patients in the general ward, they will be smashed in, but here is the senior ward. The two had to quit first and contact their boss first.

After explaining the situation, the attitude of the boss is very clear. This time, the escape from the laboratory is a very precious experimental object for them, and he must find him at all costs.

In any case, in any case, it must be carefully investigated and there should be no flaws.

Investigating the duo had to re-enter Su Shi’s ward and stare at the pressure: “Liu Shao, if you want to be held accountable, we have no way, but for your safety, we must conduct a detailed investigation of your ward.”

After all, regardless of the reaction of Su Shi, the two went directly to the ward, first carefully searched the outside, and then split the action, one to the kitchen, one to the bathroom.

Although Su Shi’s attitude is very clear, but the other party really acted, he did not stop, just lying on the bed and laughing: “Do not worry, you can’t see anything.”

Yu Feng, who was hiding in the bathroom, was taut again after hearing the steps that were approaching step by step. He turned his head and looked at the window of the bathroom, and his heart could not help but rise a little.

Should he choose to believe in someone who has helped himself in the illusory world, or do he want to get out of here and escape with his own strength?

Knowing that his current situation is very dangerous, choosing the latter is more insurance, but when he thinks of the person's appearance when he smiles at him, he feels that it is difficult to decide, and his feet are even hard to move.

Yu Feng’s brow is only screwed together, his eyes are getting deeper and deeper, but it’s an illusory memory. Is it really worthy of him? Maybe that person is completely different from the illusion in reality?

However, even if he was questioned in this way, Yu Feng did not move in the end. At the same time, the bathroom door had been unscrewed from the outside.

Yu Feng, hiding in the corner, condensed and stared at the door that was slowly opening. Although his body is not comfortable now, he has 70% of the time to solve the problem when the person enters the door.

However, when the front was ready to start, Su Shi’s easy voice came from his ear: “No matter what happens, don’t do it, do you know? I am safe here.”

This is a weird word, so Yu Feng thinks that this is what he said to him, so Liu Yang guessed his intentions and deliberately said this?

So is he helping himself or is he hurting himself?

In a short period of time, the door has been completely pushed open, and the searchers walked in cautiously. The eyes glanced in the small space of the bathroom. The Yu Feng, who had no time to start, could only hold his breath and try to reduce his sense of existence.

However, the space is too small, and Yu Feng can only watch the man's gaze sweeping toward himself, and eventually look at each other.

He was still discovered!

The thought flashed, and Yu Feng immediately started to work. However, he still had action in the future. The other person’s gaze had already been removed from himself. After a few seconds, the man turned seriously and walked out of the bathroom and his companion. Road: "There are no people in the bathroom."





 The other party actually said that there is no one in the bathroom!

The heart of Yu Feng’s madness did not slowly calm down. Instead, he was filled with shock and became more and more shocked. He and his eyes had just been docked. How could the other party not find his existence?

Is this person deliberately releasing water?

When this idea came out, it was immediately denied by Yu Feng, because it was impossible at all.

In this way, the performance of the other party has suddenly become more eccentric, and Yu Feng is puzzled.

After carefully searching the entire ward, the two searchers quickly returned to Su Shi, and both of them had awkward faces.

"After the search? What did the two discover?" Su Shi is still the former leisurely appearance.

Just two people thought that there would be gains, so they dared to force them in. Now naturally, we must apologize quickly: "Liu Shao, we..."

"If you want to apologize, you don't have to, because you don't need it," Su Shi directly interrupted the other party's words. The two heard a sigh of relief, but they listened to Su Shi and smiled and continued. "You only have to It’s okay to go back and wait for the court’s flyer."

The faces of the two men became difficult to look at in a moment: "Liu Shao, we really feel sorry for the move, but we are really doing this for your safety, and we hope that you can accept our apology. ”

"Respect and tolerance are mutual. I just rejected you very seriously, but do you have a decision to respect me?" Su Shi’s gaze became cold in an instant, he condemned word by word, "disrespect My wishes go straight into my ward. Do you still expect me to accept your apology afterwards? Although it is night, are you not all awake?"

The implication is that I want to let you go, unless it is a dream.

When they saw Su Shi’s resolute attitude, they were not good enough to continue to entangle themselves. They could only apologize again after ugly, and they retired. They had to report this matter, and there were other wards that were not searched.

After waiting for the person to leave, Su Shi was in the direction of the bathroom: "Yu Feng, you can come out."

Under the pressure of Yu Feng, I was shocked. I walked out of the bathroom and thanked me seriously: "Thank you for your help."

"You don't have to be so polite between you and me, but you really don't know why that person didn't find you just now?" Su Shi smiled at the front and smiled with a hint of embarrassment.

Yu Feng did not speak, just looked at Su Shi.

"Of course, because I am a superpower who can save the world." Su Shi answered with a curved eye. After he finished speaking, he smiled first.

Once again, I heard that my own host broke out the middle two lines, and the ball already had no idea of ​​the color of the flash.

Yu Feng’s expression looks a bit complicated. Although this person looks very pleasing to the eye and saves himself twice, is he really a normal person?

Although he will not rush to ask, Yu Feng can be sure that there are many secrets hidden in this person.

Probably seeing the dislike in Yu Feng's eyes, Su Shi slowly put away the smile on his face, and said with a serious attitude: "Say, what are your plans for next? If there is anything I need to help, you can directly Tell me, I am very helpful."

Yu Feng frowned for a while, but the first sentence that he did not expect was: "Can I stay with you for the time being?"

"Leave me by my side?" Su Shi picked up his eyebrows. This sentence made his mood even better. "Yes, but I may be busy recently. After all, I have slept in the hospital bed for so long, things are piled up. Going together, I have to deal with my half-brother and stepmother, and I have to find a way to get my property back."

Of course, the most important thing is to be jealous of your lover.

"If there is a need, I will try my best to help you." Wen Yan, Yu Feng did not reveal the slightest strangeness on his face, but the look calmly received.

"Okay, then you will be with me." Su Shi did not ask much, although Yu Feng’s move seems to have trusted him, but he did not mention his identity and did not ask his heart. Judging from his doubts, he obviously still has some concerns in his heart.

Yu Feng's experience does not allow him to easily trust a person with complete trust. Su Shi is very understandable and does not intend to force anything. After all, their time is still very long, and everything can be slowly.

When Liu Hao and his mother Xu Li learned that Su Shi had already awakened, and came over, it was already the next morning.

Liu Hao eagerly pushed open the door of the ward, and saw Su Shizheng lying on his bed with a candied happily, and a strange man sitting next to the bed.

"The cantaloupe you bought is really sweet. Are you sure you don't want to taste one piece?" Su Shi chewed cantaloupe while facing the front.

Yu Feng shook his head and his eyes fell on Liu Hao, but he quickly moved away.

Liu Hao will also look at the front and down, and then adjust the expression on the hospital bed Su Shidao: "A Yang, since you woke up, why don't you contact us? We got the notification from the hospital, we learned This is good news."

"Yeah, your child is too far away, but it is great that you can wake up." Xu Li, who came in behind Liu Hao, was also worried and smiled. "How does Xiao Yang feel now?" Did you check it after waking up? Is there any uncomfortable?"

Looking at the fake faces of the two men pretending to be passionate, Su Shi felt that the cantaloupe in her mouth had become less sweet.

"You are here, I have something to say to you." Su Shi put down his toothpick and his smile on his face faded.

Liu Hao put the fruit on the table, and his eyes fell on Yu Feng again: "A Yang, don't know if this is?"

"He is my friend," Su Shi said after pointing to one of the two stools next to him. "You can't sit casually, but we still have to say something right, about the business of Liu's industry."

Upon hearing this, Xu Li and Liu Hao subconsciously looked at each other. The former smiled unnaturally: "What does Xiao Yang say? You just woke up, it is a business to raise your body, everything else. unimportant."

"Mom is right, and you have been lying in the hospital bed for nearly half a year, I don't know about the situation at home, or I will raise my body first. I will tell you slowly." Liu Hao followed, no if not now Some procedures have not been completed, Liu's assets have not completely fallen to his hands, he will not give Liu Yang such a good look.

Thinking of this, Liu Hao's eyes can not help but flash a touch of haze, this Liu Yang wake up really is the time, why he does not continue to sleep, it is best to sleep in the hospital bed!

Su Shi’s gaze turned around in Liu Hao and Xu Li, and some couldn’t bear to look straight into the ground: “You don’t have to play so hard, because even if you work harder, the acting is still too bad for people to look down.”

"Xiao Yang, I know that you have been blaming me in your heart, but how do I say that you are your elders, how are you..." Xu Li saw Su Shi’s attitude is not right, but also the identity of the elders.

Liu Hao also followed: "A Yang, you are too much. Even if you have your own thoughts in your heart, now Mom is the only elder in the family. How can you talk to her like this?"

Su Shi did not care what the two men said, and straightforwardly said: "I know that the reason why I was in a car accident and became a vegetative person is your handwriting. The reason why I left my life is because of the existence of the will. Besides, you haven’t been idle for the past six months? It’s obvious that the facts are already here. Are you still playing emotional cards with such a bad acting here, isn’t it funny?”

Su Shi’s words are undoubtedly shocking to Liu Hao and Xu Li. Did Liu Yang just wake up last night? Why is he saying this?

In the end, is this intentionally deceiving them, or is Liu Yang really aware of what? In either case, this is very unusual. Liu Yang obviously already suspects them!

But a person who has been lying in a hospital bed for nearly half a year has just woken up. Shouldn't he care most about his body? Where does he have the heart to think about these things?

Xu Liyue thinks that the more he feels wrong, isn't Liu Yang just waking up last night, but woke up?

Xu Li’s thoughts were flipped, but the face was calm and authentic: “Xiao Yang, I can’t care about your dissatisfaction with me, but you shouldn’t be insatiable, say this kind of slandering me and your big brother’s words. We can't afford the crime."

Liu Hao has turned his eyes to Yu Feng, who has been silent for a while sitting on the bedside. Liu Yang has been lying on the hospital bed for nearly half a year, and there is no such thing as a friend at all. What is the identity of this person? Why is it here?

Even when Liu Yang mentioned Liu's things, he did not even evade the meaning of this person, and the other party did not have any strange or uneasy performance. Obviously the relationship between the two is definitely not as simple as ordinary friends.

"A Yang, I don't know why you suddenly said this, but sometimes the ears hear it, it may not be true. If you want to know about things at home, I can tell you that there will be no more. Concealed. But now you just woke up, the body is the most important, I don't want you to affect your body because of some unnecessary factors." Liu Hao's words can be described as deep-seated, but also implicitly Fully, it is said that Su Shi’s reason for this move is that some people are deliberately provocative.

"You two don't have to be like this. I told you that these are just my own attitudes. As for what you think, I really don't care at all," Su Shi shrugged and smiled. Yu Feng, who still hasn't been affected at all, "I will inform you by the way, then I will get back the things that belonged to me. Of course, there will be no less of them. I am sure that you will be very satisfied." ""

Liu Hao would like to say something again. The ward door was knocked at this time. Su Shi said, "Please come in," and then a middle-aged man in a suit is pushing the ward door and stepping in. .

Liu Hao frowned over the person, but his expression instantly condensed: "Zhang... Zhang lawyer? How come you come here?"

Lawyer Zhang is the lawyer who helped Liu Yang and his father to make a will.





 Mr. Zhang smiled and nodded to Liu Hao and Xu Li. He was alienated and vaguely said: "It was Liu Shao who called me over."

Liu Hao’s heart raised a hint of ominous premonition, and turned to look at Su Shi: “A Yang, you just woke up, what do you do with Zhang at this time?”

"Of course, it was for a lawsuit. The two did not know. When I just woke up last night, the people in the hospital even broke into my ward despite my blockade," Su Shi said after Zhang sat down. Inadvertently replied, "As a patient living in a senior ward, even the most basic personal privacy rights are not there. Shouldn't I have to care about it?"

While Liu Hao was relieved, he couldn’t help but stand in the hospital’s perspective: “Maybe they just want to help you check your body? After all, you just woke up at that time...”

"The funny place is here. After they came in, they just searched it in my ward. They didn't check the body for me at all. They were irresponsible to the extreme," Su Shi said here, looking at it with condemnation. Liu Haodao, "How did you help me choose the hospital? In such an irresponsible hospital, are you not afraid that I will die directly here? Or do you want to see such a result?"

"Xiao Yang, can't say that, we chose this hospital at the beginning, but it cost..." Xu Ligang wanted to explain, and Su Shi waved and interrupted.

"The facts are in front of you. Your sophistry has no meaning." Su Shi just wanted to add to the mother and son, but did not listen to their plans. "In addition, I asked Zhang to come over, but it is also related to you."

Liu Hao, who had just breathed a sigh of relief, heard the words, and the ominous premonition in his heart suddenly came out again: "A Yang asked Zhang to come, what is the relationship with us?"

"Of course, to sue you, when you painstakingly arranged a car accident and smashed me into a vegetative person, it was half a year to lie down. This can't be so easy," Su Shi sneered, his voice cold and cold. "Return In the past six months, you have secretly transferred the account of Liu’s assets, and of course you have to calculate it."

Wen Yan, Liu Hao and Xu Li's eyes are wide at the same time, eyes flashed in panic, Liu Yang this guy knows how many things, will he really hold any evidence? Although Liu Hao felt that this was almost impossible for Liu Yang, who had just recovered from the vegetative state, he could not help but worry about it.

"Well, the words that have been said have already been finished, the younger stepmother and the illegitimate child, you can now roll." Su Shi appreciatively watched the two people's face suddenly changed, then smiled and waved.

In the past six months, Liu Hao has been calling for the rain in Liu's family. Everyone is jealous of him and flattering him. He has almost forgotten his identity as an illegitimate child, and he forgot how he was careful at the Liu family and bowed his head.

For Liu Hao, Liu Su’s words can be described as very lethal, directly igniting his anger and resentment, but he has not had time to get angry. Su Shi has manually rang the alarm bell on the side of the hospital bed. .

Once the alarm bell in the senior ward area is ringing, security personnel will come to check the situation within one minute. Therefore, Liu Hao’s anger has not come out yet, and Su Shi, who is ill-intentioned, has turned down.

"Liu Shao, may I ask what is the order?" Two brawny men in uniforms soon appeared in Su Shi's ward.

"The two men broke into my ward without my permission, and tried to be against me. Please ask them to go out." Su Shi was very confident.

"Liu Yang, you should not be too much! It is your own nonsense, but also deliberately find fault, humiliate us, my mother is the victim!" Liu Hao is simply being blown up, he has never seen such a brazen people.

Su Shi completely ignored Liu Hao’s complaint, but squinted: “I thought that last night’s incident was only accidental, but now it seems that your hospital’s maintenance of the rights and interests of patients is really not in place. I have already Explain the situation, you even let this person smash and hurt me here. It seems that when I sue, I can add another crime to your hospital."

Both security guards have seen Liu Hao, and they don't want to offend this person, but in this case, they can only bite the scalp: "Mr. Liu, now Liu Shao just woke up, the key to recovery Period, you see..."

What Liu Hao hates most is that others call him "Mr. Liu", but Liu Yang is called "Liu Shao". This will make him feel that the other party is discriminating against his illegitimate child, and he does not admit that he is the young master of Liu Jiaming.

Therefore, after listening to this, Liu Hao, who was very angry, not only did not use the pressure of the fire, but became even more angry and angry: "What do you think of, and dare to talk in front of me!"

The security guard’s face was also ugly, but he was still whispering: “Mr. Liu, here is the hospital, I hope you can calm down and don’t bother the patient to rest.”

Su Shi was in a good mood and ignited: "It seems that Mr. Liu is really a young man who has been doing it for a long time. He feels that his rights are all right, and even the most basic moral requirements of citizens do not need to be observed."

"You shut me up!" Liu Hao snorted with a fist.

Su Shi licked his ears and said slowly: "The person who shuts up is you. Is Mr. Liu really planning to be proud of not complying with public morality? Or do you want to give yourself the name of an illegitimate child?" , plus a 'no moral' label?"

"A Hao, now is not the time to care about this." Although Xu Li was also mad at the liver, but now is not the time to consider these small things, they have more important things to plan.

Being reminded by her mother, Liu Haocai, who was preparing to continue to anger, reluctantly regained his sense of reason. At the same time, he was shocked by a cold sweat. He was almost irritated by Liu Yang’s words and words. If he really continued to get angry regardless of his disregard, he would not be able to sit down. Has Liu Yang just been filthy? And he will definitely lose face!

Liu Hao remembers that Liu Yang was a fool at the beginning. He didn't know how to calculate it. He also idiots had to take the initiative to jump into other people's traps. How did the vegetative people in the past six months become a glimpse of this guy's head?

In the past six months, Liu Hao had already kicked Liu Yang as a dead man, and now he was easily calculated by the other party. This slowly woke up and noticed that something was wrong.

Is this person really Liu Yang who has no brains?

"How can Mr. Liu not talk? Is it the default?" Su Shi did not see Liu Hao's thoughts, but he did not worry that he would be exposed, so he was too lazy to act according to the original owner.

After all, for Su Shi, being a fool is far more terrible than ooc.

The ball has long been accustomed to the self-hosting behavior of the collapse of the host, and it is too lazy to correct it, and has to admit that compared to maintaining the original design, the route of the scum is really refreshing, it is not considered to be Su Is the belt broken?

Liu Hao stared at Su Shi for a while, then took a deep breath and re-hanged his face and smiled: "It’s just that I am rude. I hope Ayang doesn't care, you should take a rest first, me and Mom will go back first."

After Liu Hao and Xu Li left, the two security guards left immediately. Before they left, they couldn’t help but see Yu Feng, who had never opened his mouth.

Su Shi continued to hold the root toothpick to eat cantaloupe, and vaguely said: "They finally noticed your existence."

The reason why Su Shi dared to leave Yu Feng in the hospital is naturally ready. He actually expects the people in the hospital to pay attention to Yu Feng, so things are more interesting.

Yu Feng looked at Su Shi and looked at it. After a while, some gimmicks said to the mouth of the horse: "Do you want to know my identity?"

Su Shi blinked. He actually knew the identity of his lover. But in the face of this, he still cooperated with the tunnel: "Of course I think."

Yu Feng picked up a washed apple from the table and cut the apple while he was flat. "I am a member of an intelligence organization. Because I was a subject of other people's experiments, I just got from the lab last night." Run out in the middle."

Su Shi nodded silently, and his lover's ability to sum up was really good. He explained his situation clearly in a few words: "So, you are also very miserable. Two people who are very miserable can meet in this situation." The two are quite fateful?"

Su Shi’s reaction made Yu Feng frown slightly: “Don’t you worry that I will cause you trouble?”

"I am trying to save the world, how can I be afraid of trouble?" Su Shi said in a serious manner, laughing by a white tooth.

The ball subconsciously increased the distance from the host, so the host of the second, can it pretend not to know? Although it seems to be installed, it does not seem to have any substantive significance.

Yu Feng’s expression has become subtle, and then he is a bit awkward: “If you want to save the world, is it a little difficult for a person?”

I didn’t expect the lover who seemed so silent to say such a joke. Su Shi couldn’t help but laugh: “If you want to join me, just say it, I welcome you very much.”

Yu Feng continued to cut the apple with a serious expression, only through the nasal sound "hmm", and the tip of the ear seems a little red.

Su Shi deliberately extended his right hand and pointed his hand at the front: "Welcome to join the rescue team. We will be good partners to fight side by side in the future."

Yu Feng looked at Su Shi’s face full of smiles and looked at his high hand. Although he was so disgusted, he still tried to put down his knife and hit him with his hand.

Su Shi took advantage of Yu Feng’s hand, or the kind of ten fingers, and then smiled and said: “So what is our next plan? It is to help you sell your companions and experiment with you. Bad guys, can you help me with the mother and son? Or... can we do it at the same time?"

Yu Feng looked at the hands of the two men, and the tip of the ear seemed redder: "You decide."

"Then go together, I am very powerful." Su Shi smiled very happy.

Zhang, who has been sitting quietly for a while, feels that his eyes are flashing. He is about to break the beautiful atmosphere by hand. He will hear someone ringing the door of the ward and turn around and look at the two wearing. The doctor of Bai Dawei also followed four or five security guards in black.





 Su Shi is very clear about the purpose of these people, but deliberately pointed a few people with a toothpick: "Are you apologizing? But I am sorry, I have decided to sue you, so I am not going to accept your apology."

"Liu Shao misunderstood, we are not coming for an apology," the leading doctor wore rimless glasses, it looked like Sven, but his eyes were dark, and his dark eyes fell on him. On the front of the body, "We are coming for him."

However, Yu Feng seems to have not noticed this person at all. He continued to bow down and helped Su Shi smile at the apple. The expression on his face was also very flat.

"Although my refusal may make you embarrassed, but you don't have to bring things to my friends?" Su Shi couldn't help but chuckle, his voice sloppy. "He is not sick now, you are What can I find him?"

The glasses doctor slowly narrowed his eyes and said with a straightforward voice: "Liu Shao did not know, he just broke into the hospital last night, causing the entire hospital bell to be slammed."

Su Shi couldn't help but laughed again, as if he had heard something interesting joke: "Are you deliberately teasing me? My friend came back from a business trip this morning, came to see me, even if you want to be filthy. He, at least, find a similar excuse?"

"Is this person really a friend of Liu Shao?" This glasses doctor is obviously not a regular doctor in this hospital, but is related to the top-level experiment. Therefore, when facing Su Shi, the attitude is really not respectful." As far as I know, Liu Shao has been in the hospital for nearly half a year. In the process, except for your brother and stepmother, there is no third person who has come to visit you, and you just woke up last night, you are sure Is man really your friend?"

"He is not my friend, do you still need your passerby to help me judge?" Su Shi sneered, and some unhappy to see the glasses doctor.

The glasses doctor smiled and said: "Liu Shao don't misunderstand, I just worry that you just woke up, don't know much about the current world, and have been wronged by the people who make the wrong decisions."

"I think it's true that you are really provoking and using me. Although I have been lying in bed for nearly half a year, it doesn't mean that I can become a fool directly, and I can be fooled at will," Su Shi said. At the time, Yu Feng had already finished cutting an apple and handed it over. Su Shi took it over and bite it up. The mouth continued to say less clearly. "A Feng has never been from the last life. It should be from the top to the top. It is me. Friends, and the kind of relationship is the best, if you want to provoke, you should pick the right object, pick him is really useless."

The eyebrows of the glasses doctors are erecting up, and they are still on the top and upper life. Who knows this kind of ghost?

Then he heard Yu Feng look at the sickness of the sick bed very seriously: "Do we really know it so early?"

Su Shi also nodded seriously: "Of course, I will not lie to you."

"I know." Yu Feng's mouth was a rare smile, and picked up a pear and slowly cut it.

"..." The glasses doctor barely knows what expression he should put on, and both of them have problems in their brains.

"..." The ball also feels a little unbearable, how do you feel that the male owner seems to have become a middle school?

The glasses doctor who was blinking blinked and coughed twice, trying to pull the topic back: "Liu Shao, no matter why you mistake this person for his friend, but he is the chief culprit of the alarm-sounding event last night. We have a responsibility to bring him to justice."

"Oh, then go back and ask a lawyer. If the law determines that he is guilty, I will personally send him to jail," Su Shi said casually, just like talking about the weather. "I am obeying." Good citizen of the law-abiding law, presumably you should be the same?"

This is a matter of seeing the light, how can we go straight to the legal channel to solve the problem, the glasses doctor is simply to be cried by Su Shi.

"But I am really curious. Why do you want to put this impossible crime on my friend? After all, Ah Feng appeared in the hospital this morning. Just look at the hospital's monitoring system. Can be verified, so the person he said to you can not be the same person, this point should be very clear in your heart?" Su Shi sees the glasses doctor gloomy face does not speak, chuckle and continue to destroy his mood, "It is impossible. You must pull in my friend. Is there any ulterior conspiracy here? In this case, I have to protect my friend better. Can you let him be The bad guys are calculating."

The glasses doctors really know this very well. They have already checked all the monitoring inside the hospital, but the person disappeared like a void. After leaving the laboratory, he suddenly lost his trace and could not find it.

If no one accidentally saw Yu Feng here, they may not know that the other party is still under their eyes.

Looking at Su Shi’s attitude at the moment, it is obviously impossible to hand over Yu Feng. Since the truth does not make sense, then he has to take hard measures. After the glasses doctors made up his mind, the attitude became milder: “Liu Shao said Reasonable, maybe we made a mistake, and that's it, then we won't bother Liu Shao to rest."

"Since I know I made a mistake, don't you apologize to me and A Feng?" Su Shi finished an apple and took a wet tissue and wiped her hands slowly.

The blue veins in front of the glasses doctors are bursting out. Is Liu Yang really stupid? Obviously just a stranger, where is it worth his maintenance?

He still wants to understand why this person is so maintenance on the front. Is it possible that the two people have reached a profit transaction?

The more the glasses doctor thinks, the more he thinks that Liu Yang is stupid, and he can’t be stupid to this extent. As far as he knows, Liu’s family was a mess, and Liu Yang was lying in the hospital for nearly half a year. Liu’s family may have been easy to change. It is.

Under this circumstance, it is not surprising that Liu Yang wakes up and is eager to get rid of the passive status quo and wants to find Liu Hao's handle.

Before Yu Feng happened to be an intelligence acquisition personnel in an organization, the hacker technology was good, and Liu Yang would cooperate with him, but it was quite a matter of course.

Although it is still unclear how the two people will reach a consensus in such a short period of time, it is indeed more reasonable to explain this.

The glasses doctor secretly took a deep breath and lowered his posture even more: "Liu Shao, Mr. Yu, before I was wrong with the situation, I will misunderstand you. I am here to apologize to you."

Su Shi did not speak, but just turned his gaze to Yu Feng. After all, it was Yu Feng’s business. He was responsible for the head, but the decision was still in the front.

Yu Feng had always been like an outsider. At this time, he only looked at the glasses doctor: "You can apologize, I am surprised, but I am not going to accept your apology, now you can roll."

In the eyes of the doctor, a thick layer of haze was floating in the eyes. This person is just an experimental subject in his laboratory. What qualifications are he to speak to him in this tone?

But when I think of the next plan, the glasses doctor still forced the pressure of contempt and anger in my heart, and sweared at the corner: "Then we will leave."

When these people left, Su Shi immediately asked for a praise expression for Feng Dao: "How did I just perform, is it very powerful?"

"Well, give you a pear." Yu Feng handed the cut pear to Su Shi.

Su Shi was wrinkled and licked his stomach: "I just ate a lot of cantaloupe and ate an apple. Now I can't eat it. You can eat it yourself."

"Well." Yu Feng's mood seems to be good, and the posture of eating pears looks very pleasing.

After Su’s appreciation for a while, she talked about the business: “We are now on someone else’s site, the enemy is dark, I know, they will have some action in the back, but you don’t have to worry, I will protect you.”

"Well, I know," Yu Feng nodded. He was actually not very good at getting along with others. The companions of the same organization used to calculate each other. There is no truth at all. It doesn't matter, but now he has encountered such a willingness for the first time. Unconditionally helping him and being good to him, this made Yu Feng somewhat helpless, but also made his heart rise a hint of warmth and satisfaction. "I will help you investigate the Liu family and get it back. your things."

The Liu family’s affairs are all in the hands of Su Shi, but the lover has offered to help. Of course he will not reject the other’s kindness. He smiles and said: “That’s the matter.”

I have been ignored until now, but also took the opportunity to read a few good Zhang lawyers, this time finally could not help but brush the sense of existence: "Liu Shao, are you asking me to come to me?"

Zhang and the father of the original master are close friends, so he is subjective to the original owner. This also provides Su Shi with a lot of convenience, and saves him from trying to find other lawyers to do superficial work.

"I asked Zhang to come and ask you to help me fight two cases. One is with this hospital, the other is with Liu Hao." Su Shi’s attitude is straightforward. In the good play, Zhang should have already known my attitude. This hospital, I don’t look very pleasing to the eye, but I can kill it. As for the Liu family, I have to take back all the things I got back. Some accounts are also clear."

Su Shi’s performance is completely different from Liu Yang’s memory in his memory, but he thinks that this child has become a vegetative person by his half-brother, and that this change will occur in the hospital bed for half a year. Not so awkward.

"I know what to do." Zhang took a deep breath and looked serious.

"Zhang lawyer can rest assured that you only need to consider how to help me get the most benefit. The evidence needed is not too small." Su Shi smiled.

Zhang lawyer glanced at Yu Feng and he got up and said goodbye.

After Zhang’s departure, Su Shi took the quilt for Fengdao: “A Feng, how are you going to deal with the previous organization?”





 "I haven't thought about it yet." Yu Feng shook his head. Although it seems that he was only betrayed by a companion, if this is not acquiescence, this kind of thing will not happen. He will not be ruthlessly tortured by the person who captured him. .

So Liu Yang is right. His enemy is not someone, but the whole organization. As a result, things become more complicated and more difficult.

Although Yu Feng is not afraid of being an enemy of the organization, he will not act rashly and let himself fall into crisis again.

Su Shi blinked, and some of them were terrible: "Do you want to think of a way to let their dogs bite dogs? Although it is not difficult for us to save the world team, it is not difficult to deal with these two forces, but sometimes things Always have more fun."

Yu Feng looked at Su Shi and looked at it. Although his tone was still indifferent, his attitude was conniving: "Okay, it depends on you."

"Of course I have to follow me. I am the leader of the rescue team! Then I will start doing it," Su Shi said happily, and turned to give the ball a task. "Is the important information of the organization." Let's leak some of them. Let's first come to a few people who have a hatred with Yu Feng. As for who the spearhead points to, shouldn't I have to say more?"

For the self-host, this self-sufficiency, but let it do the coolie, the ball has been very calm, and now seriously agreed.

However, the next words of the host made the ball somewhat unsettled. Su Shi smiled and said: "If you are good enough, I can consider letting you join the Save the World team. Am I particularly considerate?"

"..." The light that flashed in the ball turned green. It really didn't want to be infested by the qi of the host!

Looking at the poor appearance of the ball, the suspicious appearance, Su Shi couldn't help but chuckle twice, and teasing the ball when he was bored is still very interesting.

At this time, the ball also realized that his own host was deliberately teasing him. At the moment, he screamed two times and went to the corner to draw a circle.

However, the circle of painting is circled, and the execution of the ball has always been strong. However, after a while, the leaked information and the direction of data leakage have been arranged.

Yu Feng was caught by the big cockroaches behind the hospital to do the experiment. The organization was informed, but they only thought that this thing was to remove a member who had already caused hidden dangers to the organization and sold it to the big cockroach. A human condition.

They never imagined that this incident directly led to the theft of some important information in the organization.

At the beginning of the important information being stolen, the organization did not associate with Yu Feng. Before they dared to give up Yu Feng, it was obvious that they had already considered these issues.

Although Yu Feng has always been strong in the organization, many of his intelligences are extremely time-sensitive. If the information he does not has is of great value, the organization cannot throw him to others without any precautions.

But when the organization's investigators found that the direction of the information leaks all pointed to the hospital, they had to consider things in this direction.

At this time, one of the leaders of the organization, the Grizzlies, was in an advanced encrypted conference room. In addition to him, there were four people standing in the conference room, three men and one woman.

For his own safety and to maintain mystery, the Grizzlies are of course only his code name, not his real name.

"A few of you who were responsible for organizing the loss of intelligence?" The Grizzlies were facing a few people, and the voice was clearly using a voice changer. "Do you have anything to say now?"

The four people looked at each other and some did not know how to answer them. The information was actually obtained through their hands before, but they can guarantee that they have never been leaked out. This situation suddenly appears, and they are completely forced. .

"Why don't you talk? You don't even explain the explanation, are you going to let me directly convict you?" The Grizzly's chair turned around, and a face finally broke free from the darkness, but it was revealed. A sly grizzly mask, the left eye of the mask is covered by an ugly scar, revealing only one right eye.

The only woman among the four people bite the lip, and the tone is innocent: "Grizzly boss, the information leaked really has nothing to do with us. According to my guess, it is likely that the other party has invited a powerful hacker to dig our intelligence. The past."

"It is true that some people have dug up the information, but do you know what the other way to dig intelligence?" The Grizzly's fingers knocked on the table a few times, and the tone was ironic. "The other person is taking a look at some of your usual views." The way of intelligence, now you understand what I mean?"

After listening to these words, the four people were completely serious. As members of the organization, their intelligence was submitted to the organization. In order to prevent the wallet from being leaked, they did not carry any intelligence information. The commonly used equipment also They are all clean.

But when necessary, they need to use the information they have submitted before. At this time, they need to have a special channel, which can facilitate their access to information without causing unnecessary trouble.

However, such channels must not be shared by all. Otherwise, once members of the organization are born with dissent, other information will be in danger of leaking.

Therefore, the organization simply allows members to set their own access channels, which can ensure that the information will not be obtained by others, and can also exercise the member's information defense capabilities, while also increasing the density of intelligence.

The information that was stolen by the organization was stolen through the access channel of the corresponding intelligence acquisition personnel. As a result, things became intriguing.

"This is impossible. I have never told anyone about my channel." The woman's face was full of surprises and she even denied the possibility of the incident.

The other three looked at the woman and they all showed the same attitude: "We are all old people in the organization. How can we not know the importance of the passage? Even if my relationship with him was really good, it is impossible to Tell him about such important information."

The "he" in this population refers to Yu Feng.

In fact, these four people are superficially good-looking people in the organization, and they have another thing in common. They have all been secretly calculating too much.

Especially the only woman among the four, she was the culprit who had previously been sold to the front, causing him to be caught.

When the Grizzlies heard a few words, they made a squeaky laugh in their mouths, but after the sounder was processed, it became very rough and ugly: "You said it makes sense, but there are other reasons. Can you explain this? Before he left the organization, all four of you had a good relationship with him. Now intelligence is stolen in this way. Do you think this may just be a coincidence?"

"I can swear, I have never mentioned this to him before!" The woman hurriedly promised that her previous deliberate betrayal of the front was not organized, but she could clearly feel that the organization’s attitude towards her had already occurred. With subtle changes, she must not let this situation continue to deteriorate.

After the Grizzlies were silent for a while, the tone was weird: "You should take a break before this time, don't give me any trouble."

A good rest means that you can't pick up a task. You can't take a task. It doesn't just mean you don't have money to earn. It may also mean that they are about to be abandoned by the organization.

But at this festival, although they did not do anything, they still had some feelings of losing money. Therefore, they did not argue with the Grizzlies more, but only once again ensured that they did not do anything to violate the organization, and then they were worried. Left the meeting room.

As soon as he left the meeting room, the eyes of the three men fell on the woman at the same time. One of them looked at the eyes in a haze: "Poisonous spiders, should this matter be inseparable from you? People who know my passage can only is you."

"Poisonous spider" is the code name of a woman, it sounds very sinister.

Upon hearing this, the other two men flashed a touch of anger on their faces, and continued to stare at the poisonous spiders. Obviously, the situation of these two men is similar to that of the man who opened.

The poisonous spider has a charming face, and the temper is also complemented by her code name. The three men in front of him have had a relationship with her, and they have been tempted to tell their own channels of information.

In fact, the reason why poison spiders will smash their hands on the front, is that a large part of the reason is that the other party has reluctantly refused to mate and has degraded her.

At this point, I heard these words, and I felt the eyes of the three people in front of me. The poisonous spiders were so angry that they all came out quickly: "What do you mean by this? Even if I have to count you, I will not even calculate myself. Right now, I am a victim like you!"

The poisonous spider said that there is some truth to it, but she is not allowed to be the same as herself, in the beautiful boy of Yu Feng’s kid?

Although Yu Feng’s temper is gloomy, his appearance is a good one, which makes people envious of hatred.

When the idea just came out, he listened to the poisonous spider and sneered aloud: "Moreover, it wasn’t that I forced you to tell me about the passage. It’s obviously you have to say it yourself. Is it strange? Is it on my head?"

After saying this, the poisonous spider snorted and screamed and walked away.

After the three big men listened to this, their faces became very ugly, although they were not careful enough, but the poisonous spiders deliberately hooked them into the facts. Now the other party has pushed back their responsibilities and made them feel very happy. Wrong.

They were really blinded by the dog's eyes, and they were fascinated by such a woman.

Su Shi also felt that these people were really blind, but this poisonous spider, which seemed to be very unsightly, was as good as himself in this respect, and he all looked at Yu Feng.

"Hosted adults, the organization is already communicating with the hospital, do we need to add a fire?" The ball asked at the side.

Su Shi retracted his thoughts and chuckled: "For the time being, don't do anything, wait until they fall out and say that interesting things are always coming slowly."

"That is the poisonous spider?" asked the ball.

Upon hearing the name, Su Shi slowly narrowed his eyes: "Isn't she still holding the channel information of several people in her hand? All of them burst out in one go."

"...but the host is an adult. This will obviously deepen the contradiction between the organization and the hospital. Have you just said that you have to do nothing for the time being?" The ball is somewhat aggressive and looks at its own host. This attitude has also become too fast.

Su Shi blinked and said innocently: "Since business and private affairs have collided together, it is still a private matter. If the woman dares to marry my man, she can't let her continue."

"..." The ball is simply not knowing what to put on it. Is it good to say good things that are interesting? Say good to the bad fun to the end? How do you relate to emotional problems, and you become directly paralyzed?





 The organization and the hospital have just started to communicate, and have not yet had time to bargain with each other, and the internal information of the organization has been leaked twice.

If the top executives have not yet fully locked their eyes on the poison spiders, they have to consider this direction now.

"Grizzly boss, this thing really has nothing to do with me, although I do know their channel, but I have never disclosed this to anyone, including Yu Feng." Poison spider face ugly sitting in the trial In the room, I tried to defend myself.

This two consecutive incidents is tantamount to flying disasters for her, and she is also dumb to eat coptis. She has a hard time saying that although she knows that she is innocent in this matter, no matter how she defends, she seems very weak because The facts of the present are indeed pointing their finger at her.

The Grizzlies sat on the other side of the interrogation desk, and the mask of the skull was facing the poisonous spider. After a moment, a rough voice came from under the mask: "Want to know what other people are saying?"

The poisonous spider was stunned and frowned: "Other people?"

The Grizzlies didn't talk any more, just reached out and pressed a button on the remote control in their hand, and a familiar voice rang in the interrogation room.

"It must be a poisonous spider. Only she knows my channel code, only she knows!"

"If there is only a problem with my intelligence, you still have reason to suspect that it is my personal problem, but now the situation is that all the information on the members of the ship who have been on the ship has been stolen. Is this not enough to explain? Question?"

"I think this incident is related to poison spiders, but this is only my subjective speculation. I have no evidence to prove this."

"That **** woman, when I really got into the water, I will believe her ghost words and tell her the channel message! She is a sinister poisonous spider!"

......

Listening to the voices of different men who are constantly coming out of the recording equipment, the face of the poisonous spider has become more and more ugly.

When I was in bed, I was very accommodating to myself. When I had something, I pushed everything to myself. These guys are still not men!

"They are just shirking their responsibilities! Although I do know their channel, I never told anyone about these messages, I swear!" I realized that my face was too ugly, and the poison spider reached out and covered her face. .

But in just two days, why did her situation become like this?

The Grizzly's right eye stared at the poisonous spider. After a while, he said with a rough voice: "Your explanation is not convincing, and you probably forgot, your crime is not only the disclosure of intelligence. , access to other members of the channel, also violates the rules of the organization."

The body of the poisonous spider instantly froze. She put her hand down and looked at the grizzly bear palely. She wanted to speak openly, but she had nothing to say. She could only mourn: "I know that I am wrong, but I never gave birth. After any thought of betrayal organization, ask boss to be lenient."

"Then you can start." The Grizzlies knocked on the table.

"What started?" The poisonous spider looked blank.

"Of course, it is to explain how you caused this information to leak. Do you have other things that need to be explained?" The Grizzlies sneered.

The stunned face of the poisonous spider was replaced by despair and anger: "I have just said, I have never told anyone about any information. This matter has nothing to do with me. I am being detained!"

"It seems that you really are not ready to say anything?" The Grizzlies looked coldly at the poisonous spiders, and there was no sympathy in the tone.

"I am really being defamed. I have absolutely no disagreement with the organization. You must believe me in the boss!" The poison spider can only repeat this sentence.

The grizzly bear stared at the poisonous spider for a moment and suddenly stood up: "That's it."

"Grizzly, what do you mean? Can I leave here now?" the poison spider asked eagerly.

"I am afraid you can't do without it, because this is the end of your life." The grizzly bear screamed at the poisonous spider and walked to the interrogation room.

When the poisonous spider just got up and kept up, she suddenly felt her head stunned and fell back to the chair. She looked at the back of the grizzly bear, her eyes blurred, and she began to appear ghosts. She was shocked. Authentic: "You...what did you do to me?"

"It's not what I did to you, but what is in this interrogation room." After the Grizzlies finished this sentence, they strode away from the interrogation room.

When the metal door of the interrogation room was closed, the Grizzlies reached out and took off the mask on the face. The original mask looked like a gas mask.

The poisonous spider has a big expression. She expected that this incident would bring her no trouble, but she did not expect that this would cause her to lose her life directly!

Who is going to harm her? Why is things going to be like this now!

The poisonous spider struggled to get up from the chair and tried to get out of the interrogation room. But after walking for two steps, she fell to the ground and became unable to climb again.

While the poison spider lost his life in the interrogation room, the organization finally contacted the hospital's big sister.

The nature of the inquiry by the organization is that the information is stolen, but the big brother does not recognize that it is related to himself.

In desperation, the organization had to transfer the topic to Yu Feng, and wanted to get people back first. Daxie continued to refuse to admit that he was not in his hands and ran away.

Such exchanges directly caused the two sides to make a fuss, and finally the problem was not solved.

Daxie had never got anything, and he let Yu Feng escape. Now he has been accused by the organization for no reason. Naturally, it is a raging fire.

Because of Su Shi’s sake, Daxie himself did not intend to arrest Yu Feng, but after today’s incident, he counted all the accounts on Yu Feng’s body and bit his teeth: “Take Yu Feng back to Laozi. ”

There was a big order from the other side, and Su Shi got the news: "I think the hospital may have to do it for you, but don't worry, I will protect you."

Yu Feng, who was sitting at the bedside, looked at Su Shi. Since he met this person, he has been hanging this sentence, even if Feng never thought about who he would need protection. Su Shi gave brainwashing.

Compared with being protected, Yu Feng’s more consideration is obviously another question: “Will I drag you down?”

"Yes," Su Shili nodded and said again. "But we are the companions of the rescue team. It is appropriate to support each other. Just like now I am also counted by the Liu family, but you will definitely not Abandon me, right?"

Looking at Su Shi’s shiny and full-looking eyes, Yu Feng felt helpless and nodded: “Well.”

"So, what we want to do now is how to deal with the enemy." Now that the poisonous spider has been destroyed, Su Shi’s bad taste has also been recovered. "Since they are counting on us, it is better for us to calculate it directly." The way of the people, the body of the people, what do you think?"

"As far as I know, the top floor of this hospital is actually a secret experimental base. Some of the secret experiments use human living organisms. I have already obtained some evidence." These two days were not idle, looking for opportunities to check A little information.

Su Shi certainly knows what Yu Feng is doing in the past two days. He smiled and said: "I know this too, and I have more evidence. Do you want to see it? Right, I know your organization. Some information, if you need it, you can ask me directly."

Yu Feng knew from the beginning that there were some secrets in Su Shi’s body, but he never asked much. Until then, he only considered it and tentatively said: “How did you get this information?”

"Of course, I use the power. Since it is a member of the rescue world team, we always have some skills that others don't have." Su Shi blinked his eyes and was quite mysterious. "A Feng is not hidden." Special skills?"

The expression on Yu Feng's face is very light: "Compared with you, my ability is really insignificant."

Su Shi raised an eyebrow and smiled with a blank face: "You probably understand what I mean wrong. What I mean is your hidden skill. It means that you are lucky enough to meet me, and I am traveling with me. ""

I don’t know what to say, Yu Feng & I don’t know what kind of expression to put on the ball: “...”

Seeing Yu Feng’s expression was said to be stiff, and Su Shi smiled and transferred the topic: “I guess the hospital will arrange the action at night, and I will protect you at that time.”

"That... thank you." Yu Feng was positively expression, responding with no tone.

When it was equal to the front to help Su Shi buy dinner, Su Shi was somewhat depressed and exchanged with the ball: "The ball, do you think that the male owner of this mission world is not quite right?"

"Is there? Is it wrong?" The ball looked at Su Shi with a blank look. After thinking about it, he guessed, "Is it the IQ of the man? I also think that his IQ in this mission world seems to be no problem. But isn’t the last world the same? It seems that these times we have not met the male owner who is really in arrears with IQ.”

"It's not the problem," Su Shi's expression looked very heavy, like a big problem. "I mean that's the problem."

"Which problem?" The ball is even more awkward.

Su Shi looked at the ball and said with a serious face: "I think that the male man in this world is likely to be X-cold."





 "……"and many more! What did it hear? Is there any malfunction in its radio system? Why does it hear such horror? ! The ball feels that the whole ball is not good.

"I am very serious about discussing this issue with you. Please don't continue to flash the seven colors," Su Shi said with a half-threat of the ball. The tone seemed to be more serious. "According to past experience, his charm for me. It should be no resistance. But this time we first spent a week in the illusory world, and lived in reality for a few days, but his attitude towards me was still alienated, is this true? Don't you think it's incredible?"

At this point the ball has been completely ignorant of what kind of expression, but thought about it, it still cautiously gave a response: "Host adult, IMHO, don't you think that such a man seems to be more normal And reasonable?" And can you not be so narcissistic? I really can't help but laugh out, okay?

Of course, this second half of the ball is never dare to say anything, or it is absolutely dead.

Su Shi once again cold eyes: "You mean, my charm has been reduced to not be able to attract my lover, is it?"

"No, no, I certainly don't mean this, but..." The ball didn't dare to offend the host of his own bad taste. He thought about it and finally thought of a good one. "Hosted you." Wasn’t it particularly disappointing to the man’s lord before? So it’s not so good now that the man is like this?”

However, this was not enough to comfort Su Shi, but he made a heavy sigh and worried: "No, it is totally different from doing nothing."

This ball completely does not know what to say, it has become more and more confused about the idea of ​​its own host, and I still want to use props before, and now I am worried about this kind of problem, is that kind of thing really true? Comfortable? Anyway, the ball is impossible to understand.

"Would you like to check the body for the male lord? I am very versatile." After two seconds of silence for himself, the ball gave practical advice.

Su Shi and so on are the words, the expression on the face has become calm, and he lay down on the bed and waved his hand: "Okay, go."

"..." Why do you feel that you have been stunned again?

Although he was able to leave the hospital after waking up with his own physical condition, in order to give the hospital more black, Su Shi chose to stay in the hospital for a few more days.

In this way, life seems a bit boring, and the lover is now very faint, and he can't make a fuss. Su Shi has to retreat to the next level and replace the object of the game with a ball.

However, he also really feels that the lover of this mission world is not the same as before. If it is the previous mission world, the extent of his two days of swearing, the lover has long been rushing green. .

The ball over there was covered with gray and depressive light. The man’s body was checked again. After drawing the conclusion, he did not directly tell Su Shi. It was revenge that he had just bullied himself.

After waiting for five minutes, it only grinds to the side of Su Shi, reluctantly said: "The body of the man has no problems, you can rest assured that the host can be assured."

"Oh, I know." Su Shi’s reaction was very dull, but if he let him know that the ball would take more than five minutes as a revenge against him, Su Shi would certainly not help but laugh out loud and ruthlessly The ridicule, mocking it really is a silly and sweet attribute.

When I was having dinner, Su Shi was the same as the previous two days. From time to time, she looked at Yu Feng and kept helping him to pick up the dishes. However, Yu’s reaction was as dull as before, as if he did not notice Su Shi’s Whether the attitude seems too much concern, and whether he has thought about him.

After dinner, Yu Feng got up and went to wash the dishes, but Su Shi took his arm, and it was not a normal pull arm.

Su Shi’s fingertips and palms slid along the front arm slowly to the back of his hand, and then passed over his fingertips, bringing a sigh of itch. Yu Feng didn’t notice anything, but his face was calm. The ground recovered its hand.

Su Shi also took back his hand like nothing, and did not seem to be embarrassed: "I am now physically good, or I am going to wash the dishes."

Yu Feng did not say anything, and directly went to the bathroom with the tableware. Su Shi looked at Yu Feng’s back and fell into meditation. Did his charm really fall so badly?

In the evening, although I knew that there would be action on the hospital side, Su Shi couldn’t help but lick a lover: "A Feng, or you sleep in my bed tonight, the bed is too small, you fall asleep. Must be very uncomfortable?"

If you change your bed, in this case, when Yu Feng is sleeping, the nose is surrounded by the breath that he left behind. Maybe he will make an unspeakable dream, and he will feel it when he thinks about it.

However, Yu Feng still ruthlessly refused Su Shi’s call: “No, I think it’s okay.”

"Well, good night," Su Shi shrugged and lay down on the hospital bed, but still unwillingly turned her face to the front. "You will have a good dream, because I won't let anyone disturb you." I will protect you well."

Yu Feng also lay down on his **** bed, but he was facing away from Su Shi, which made Su Shi blink of helplessly.

The ball on the side flashed a few times, and for the first time I felt that my host seemed to be very poor. This discovery really made it feel very comfortable.

However, the ball has not had time to be happy for a few minutes, and it has ushered in the exploitation of Su Shi.

"Be prepared to use the props that may be used to ensure the safety of me and Yu Feng, and record the evidence by the way." Su Shi had probably guessed several methods that the other party might use, and had already said the road with the ball. Just don't want to waste, but don't directly exchange the props, but let the ball be continually strained.

"I know." The ball quickly converges on the mind, for fear of being seen by Su Shi.

After receiving the response, Su Shi went to sleep easily, and did not take what was going to happen.

Until the early hours of the morning, the silence in the ward was broken. As a burst of sound rang in the silent night, the door of the ward was opened from the outside.

Prior to this, the corresponding personnel had actually transmitted a stunned drug to the ward silently, so they dared to come in so arrogantly.

The goal of the hospital was very clear. It was to take away Yu Feng quietly. At the beginning, their actions were indeed very smooth, but when they approached the accompanying bed and prepared to start, the lights in the ward suddenly turned on.

Su Shi yawned and sat up from the hospital bed, squinting and said: "What's wrong with this? Didn't sleep in the middle of the night, is it to help me check my body? But even if you check your body, you should do it during the day. But now, in the early hours of the morning, you are reluctant to say hello, so you come in quietly, but I will misunderstand."

These few uninvited guests thought that they would encounter this kind of situation, and they were dumbfounded for a while, and they didn’t even know what to do.

Yu Feng has already sat up at this time, and sneered in a cold voice: "They are probably worried that you have insufficient evidence when you sue the hospital, so take the initiative to send the evidence to the door?"

"It turns out that it is true that I misunderstood them." Su Shi smiled and looked at the faces of the stiff faces.

"You...how are you going to..." Some of the few people finally did not dare to speak, but did not finish the words.

"I want to ask how can we wake up at this time?" Su Shi helped him to complete the words in good faith, and answered by the way. "Of course, because we guessed from the beginning that you would have such a way, so long ago Ready. Although we seem to have done nothing, but we have already taken the drugs against the drug in advance, are we particularly smart?"

After that, Su Shi smiled and blinked at the man.

The leader who led the few people finally recovered, and immediately adjusted the expression: "Liu Shao, you misunderstood, we just came over to look around. We chose to come over at this time, just considering you. It seems to be dissatisfied with the hospital and does not want to disturb you directly."

"You are so interesting, they have been exposed on the spot, and they are not willing to say the truth." Su Shi chuckled and reached for a small air detector that had not been unsealed from the bedside table. "It doesn't matter, I personally like to help others, since you are not willing to say, then let me help you."

Su Shi said, he clicked on the instrument in his hand: "Is it clear? This is the air detector produced by your hospital. It claims to detect any abnormal substances in the air. We can just test you. Whether the advertisements are true or not. As you can see, this instrument has not been unpacked, and it has never been touched by anyone. Do you need to check it yourself?"

Several people were ugly on the ground and no one spoke.

Su Shi took the instrument apart and opened it. A smooth electronic sound was immediately transmitted from the instrument: "The air detection system is turned on, and the current space air is detected immediately for you. Please wait a moment."

After about five seconds, the sound came out again in the instrument, but the tone was not as smooth as it was just now: "Alarm! Alarm! A large amount of toxic substances in the air have been detected. The content of this substance has exceeded the concentration required for coma." Please evacuate this space immediately! Please evacuate immediately..."

After waiting for the alarm to finish, Su Shi directly shut down the instrument and looked up at several intruders who had no idea what to say: "With your own spear, attack your own shield, which one do you think I should believe? ?"

Using the instruments introduced by the hospital to prove an incident that is very unfavorable to the hospital to invade the patient's ward, how do they choose?

"Since there is nothing to say, you can leave now. I will add what happened today to the lawsuit against your hospital." Su Shi smiled and ordered the order.

Of course, a few people are not willing to leave so directly. Now they have been stunned and completely passive. If this is the end of the matter, then they will not have any gains, but will adversely affect the hospital.

Thinking about it, the leader took a bite and waved: "Give me the sword, and the instrument will be taken away!"

Su Shi is very satisfied with the reaction of this person. If these people really leave without a word, then it is not interesting.

"Hey, it seems that your hospital is a dog jumping on the wall, is it going to take a hard approach?" Su Shi chuckled and turned to look at Yu Feng, deliberately using a pitiful tone, "A Feng, we are now alone." In the wolf's nest of the unscrupulous hospital, it is simply called every day, and the land is not working. What do you say we should do?"

Su Shi’s words were only deliberately said to play, but Yu Feng looked at Su Shi’s serious thoughts and then went to seriously: “Don’t be afraid, I will protect you.”

This sentence is very simple and simple, and there is no practical necessity. However, it makes Su Shi inexplicably give birth to the illusion that a heart has been hit. This may be... a feeling of heart?





 I didn't wait for Su Shi to taste this sudden heartbeat. The front has already acted quickly. He seems to have turned into a virtual shadow, jumping from the **** bed and easily moving between several intruders. Kung Fu deprived several people of their consciousness.

Su Shi looked at this scene, and some incredible: "I never knew, your skill is so powerful."

"I said, it will protect you." Yu Feng looked at Su Shi faintly.

Su Shi couldn't help but smile: "Thank you for protecting me. What reward do you need?"

Yu Feng thought about it for a moment, his eyes swept over a few people who were already in a coma on the ground, just saying: "I want the reward, wait until the end of this time, you can give it to me."

"Good!" Su Shi promised, and did not ask what rewards Yu Feng wanted.

"I will get them out first." Yu Feng hands-on several people on the ground and threw them out of the ward. Su Shi took the time to send the video that had just been recorded to the Internet. It was naturally used by major websites and media. The way to go.

Several people who started the video in the hospital went to the ward and ended up in the scene of the leader's arrogance. Of course, Su Shi did not forget to help himself and Yu Feng to make a mosaic. He didn't want to be famous in this way.

#Shocking news! A doctor at XX Hospital actually ignored the patient's privacy and went straight to the ward in the middle of the night in an attempt to violence. Is this a annihilation of humanity or a moral loss? #

#Deep in the night, the moon is dark and the wind is strong, in the silent silent XX hospital, a black shadow slowly sneaked into the senior ward area, the shadow of the black shadow reflected on the white wall, a dry hand slowly pushed open a senior The door of the ward... Then what happened to the bizarre story, please click on the link to get to the topic. #

# Such a heart-wrenching hospital, how to make patients feel at ease? Is the existence of the XX hospital to save people or harm people? #

#using a spear to shielded from attack, XX Hospital is facing the most severe test since its establishment, how will it go to perdition? let us wait and see! #

......

However, for a few hours of effort, the post or topic of this kind of red flag can be seen everywhere on the whole network, or how to delete it.

The major media and platforms are in a hurry. They have not released such things. Where did this come from?

No matter where this thing comes from, more and more people on the Internet have seen the video. In a short period of time, countless people have begun to join the condemnation and complaints against XX Hospital.

1L: My God! Is this really happening in the XX hospital? Even in the late night, I went to the patient's ward and used the drug, which is terrible!

2L: XX Hospital This is definitely dead, who will dare to go there to see a doctor later? Maybe you have a trip, the kidneys are gone?

3L: Horror! I suddenly remembered that I am now in the hospital and I am going to be hospitalized there. They should not have experienced the same thing. No, I have to contact me immediately, I can't let them stay there anymore, it's terrible!

4L: I have already remembered the name of this hospital. I will not go there when I am killed, no matter what happens to me!

5L: Ask! I had just checked the body there before. The doctor prescribed the medicine for me. I have been eating for two days. Can I continue to eat it now? Online, etc., very urgent!

......

As the heat of the incident increased, the number of patients in the XX hospital decreased, and many hospitalized patients were rushing to transfer, and in various ways accused the hospital of being unscrupulous.

For a time, the whole XX hospital became a mess. It didn't look like a quiet hospital. It was more like a noisy vegetable market. Su Shi took the opportunity to go through the hospital and sneaked with Yu Feng. .

"Where are we going?" After sitting in the car, Su Shi turned to look at Yu Feng and asked.

Yu Feng turned to look at Su Shi and whispered: "Go to your home."

"Oh, okay." Su Shi nodded. He thought that Yu Feng would say that he went directly to his home, but he thought that Yu Feng is now being stared at by the organization and the hospital. Be cautious, now he should not go to him. residence.

Su Shi’s family should have been Liu, but in the past six months, Liu’s house has long been occupied by Liu Hao’s mother and daughter.

Su Shi could easily take the house back, but the place where the two people lived did not want to grieve and live in it again, and went directly to another villa that Liu had prepared for the son privately.

When I arrived at the place, Su Shi went to the sofa in the living room and put a lazy posture: "A Feng, what are we going to do next?"

Su Shi has already arranged almost everything about Liu Jiahe’s hospital. The purpose is very clear, the means are very clear, and the evidence is perfect. Of course, the evidence has also been sent to Mr. Zhang. The next step is Zhang’s task. It is.

However, Su Shi felt that it was better to give it to Yu Feng himself to deal with. After all, he was the direct party in this matter, although Su Shi could not help but solve the disgusting poison spider.

"Next, I need a computer." Yu Feng is clearly ready to retaliate against the organization.

Su Shi quickly moved a notebook: "Is this computer ok?"

"No problem." Yu Feng nodded and began to busy with the computer.

Su Shi was sitting a little bored at the side, simply letting the ball put some evidence of illegal human trials in the hospital on the Internet.

As soon as the evidence appeared, the XX hospital incident, which was constantly warming up, was immediately promoted to a new high chao, and everyone was shocked and angry.

#An Unscrupulous hospital has privately set up an illegal human experiment project, and then create a new peak of morality! #

#Shock! Who can think of the top of the hospital for the rescue of the injured, just a wall, our compatriots are suffering from both physical and spiritual illegal torture, XX hospital is simply mad! #

#XX医院, the majority of the people are fair! #

......

What Su Shi wants is the effect of this 1+1>2. If only one of these two things is announced, it will have a negative impact on the hospital, but it is definitely not as big as it is now.

But when these two things are released one after another, the onlookers will spontaneously link these two things, consider things to a more horrible point of view, and ignore the unreasonable places.

Because the hospital is conducting illegal human trials, it will only start with patients living in the hospital. Those patients who are seen by the hospital will eventually fall into the tools of conducting illegal human trials.

In this way, it is equivalent to covering all patients in the entire hospital in a dangerous situation.

After the patients who were still hesitating, after naturally experiencing this incident, they naturally chose not to hesitate to transfer to the hospital and sorrow the unscrupulous and viciousness of the hospital.

At the top of the hospital at this time, Daxie looked gloomyly through the monitor to watch the panic in the hospital.

Behind Daxie stood a middle-aged man. It was the dean of the hospital’s bright face. Looking at the picture on the monitor, the dean couldn’t help but anger: “These people are really ignorant, even if we want It is impossible to do human trials directly from patients in the hospital. Do they have no brains?"

Dagu’s eyes sank and he didn’t answer, but he said coldly: “Is it clear who did these two things?”

"Not yet," the dean's voice was low, and some guilty conscience and lack of confidence. "The other party should be a senior hacker, or a hacker can sit in the town, so hide the traces very deeply."

"Hacker..." The eyes of Daxie picked up slightly, and it was all cold. "Is it theirs?"

"They? Who are you talking about?" The dean was a bit puzzled, but he didn't explain anything.

On the other side, after learning that XX Hospital had such a big thing, the organization had to sneak up on it and had to step up tracking.

Less than an hour ago, many important confidential information in the organization was stolen by a person of unknown origin.

This is absolutely unforgivable for the organization, and it will also bring huge losses to them, as well as negative effects. They must arrest this person before the other party leaks the confidential information to a third party!

However, until the night fell, the tracing of the organization still had no result. The other party appeared as if it appeared out of thin air, and disappeared out of nowhere, leaving no trace.

While the hospital and the organization were shrouded in a very pressing and depressed atmosphere, Su Shi was eating leisurely dinner with Yu Feng.

"I didn't expect your craft to be so good. The dishes you made really suit my appetite." Su Shi ate the food made by Yu Feng, and his voice vaguely praised.

Yu Feng didn't say anything, but just put a few pieces of braised pork in the bowl of Su Shi.

At the end of a meal, Su Shi was so fast that he couldn’t stand up. He leaned against his stomach on his stomach and squinted his eyes with satisfaction: “Good support, good satisfaction.”

“Would you like to go out for a walk to eliminate food?” Yu Feng cleaned up the tableware and asked, it looked no different.

Su Shi did not notice what was wrong, just smiled and shook his head: "No, I can't walk now."

"Then rest for a while, wait for me to come back." After Yu Feng said the sentence, he brought the dishes into the kitchen.

What to start with? Su Shi did not quite understand the meaning of his sentence, but did not ask more, just continued to squat on the sofa to eat.

In less than ten minutes, Yu Feng came back. He clap his hands and sit down on the sofa: "Now you can start."

"What started?" Su Shi sat down on the sofa.

Yu Feng looked straight at Su Shi and his voice steadily said: "Start asking for the reward I want."

It turned out to be this, so serious, and let Su Shi mistakenly think that he is going to confess X cold things to himself.

"Okay, what reward do you want?" Su Shi smiled and looked at Yu Feng.

Yu Feng is also watching Su Shi, and his eyes are opposite. He slowly said one word at a time: "I want you."





 Su Shi felt that she might be an auditory hallucination. He blinked his eyes and asked indefinitely: "What do you want?"

"You, I want you." Yu Feng again spit out these words in a positive tone, and his eyes continued to look at Su Shi seriously and intently.

Su Shi had a feeling of heart in an instant, and the chrysanthemum was subconsciously tightened, but Yu Feng’s expression seemed to be completely inconsistent with his words. When someone said this, it would be so calm. expression?

"Are you sure that you are serious, not deliberately teasing me?" Su Shi couldn't help but smile. The lover of this mission world is too lacking in expression. Maybe he is also very lacking in feelings?

"Of course, I can see that you like me, and I like you too. I think we should be together." Yu Feng nodded, but the tone and expression were still very wrong.

Su Shi’s expression is about to split: “I really like you, but I really can’t see where you like me, really.”

"I will let you see." Yu Feng stood up calmly and reached out and grabbed Su Shi's waist and hugged him from the sofa.

Su rubbed his eyes and subconsciously hugged Yu’s neck, but there was no plan to resist, but he was forced into the bedroom by the front.

Until Su Shi was carefully placed on the bed by Feng, he confirmed: "Yu Feng, do you really like me?"

Yu Feng bent down, kneeling in front of Su Shi on one knee, and looked up at Su Shi with a slight look up: "I like you, I love you."

This sentence made Su Shi’s heart move, but on the surface, he said quietly: “The time we know is actually not long? Your attitude towards me was very cold. Why did you suddenly say this to me? It’s really too sudden.”

"The time we have met is not short. Is it still short for the whole five generations?" Yu Feng smiled slightly, and the deep dawn was like trying to restrain himself.

After hearing this, Su Shi was really surprised. He looked at Yu Feng with a glimpse of the wind: "Five Life V? Are you sure you remember correctly?"

"Do you think I remembered it wrong?" Yu Feng held Su Shi's hand, his voice slowly became gentle, and his deep eyes were savage. "You are right, we do go from top to top." I met, but our relationship is not a friend, but a lover."

Su Shi’s gaze flashed, and even the sound was deliberately lightened: “You really remembered, but why?”

Why does Yu Feng remember the things of the world before? When did he remember this? How did he view these memories at this time?

"I don't know why. For the past twenty years or so, I have lived as I am now, and I never thought about whether I would have a past life or a lifetime." Yu Fengyi stared at the Soviet Union around the complex emotions. Oh, the voice is gentle, but it seems to be trying to restrain anything. "Until I was betrayed, fell into the trap, forced into the illusory world, those memories will wake up."

Su Shi suddenly remembered that his attitude towards himself in the past few days has been very dull. He has always been indifferent to his own skills. Su Shi always worried that his charm is reduced. Now, the real reason should be right here.

"Then why don't you tell me? You don't already know that we have been the most intimate lover since we went from top to top." Su Shi snorted, although he remembered the memory of Feng Su I was very surprised and curious, but the focus at the moment was obviously to appease the emotions of my lover. Yu Feng is obviously not as calm as he is.

"Because I don't know which identity I should face you, is it me now, or is it in a certain world before? They are all my memories, but they look like completely independent individuals. It’s hard for me to tell which one is right,” Yu Feng’s nephew flashed through, and at the same time he had a faint sadness. “Maybe because you always have too many secrets hidden in your body, but I’ve never I don't know what secrets are."

Su Shi’s heart jumped uncontrollably, and for the first time he gave birth to a feeling of poverty. His body did carry a lot of secrets, and even some could not be said.

Yu Feng doesn't seem to really want to know what answer, just watching Su Shi continue: "From the first time I saw it, I saw it. You are different, very different. Your eyes are like It is hiding the whole world, and it seems to be an oasis, always attracting me walking in the desert, I really want to... eat you."

"..." Wait, are they not doing a serious and friendly dialogue now? How did it suddenly feel bad?

"Then I discovered that, in fact, what I really care about is not how many secrets are hidden in you," Yu Feng said with a sigh of relief, as if the burden was removed, and the emotions in his eyes slowly became calm and affectionate. But whether you really love me, you can tell me now, are you really loving me?"

Su Shi slowly wrapped around the front of the neck and bowed close to each other until the two eyes touched each other. The eyes were opposite and the atmosphere was intertwined: "Of course, I love you, better than everything."

When this soft and soft voice floated into the ear, Yu Feng’s eyes lit up instantly. He clung to Su Shi’s waist and his body began to tremble slightly: “I am the same, I love you for life.”

All the secrets seem to be unimportant. What matters is that your love for me is so deep that you can cover up these unknown secrets.

And my love for you can resolve those complicated memories, which is enough.

Yu Feng’s arm was tightly looped on Su Shi’s waist. He said in a very light voice: “Can I hold you?”

Su Shi smiled and nodded: "Of course."

"Can I kiss you?" Yu Feng asked again.

Su Shi’s eyes were full of glory, and he nodded again: “Well, I allow you to kiss me many, many, many times.”

Yu Feng’s throat rolled a bit: “So, can I ask you?”

Su Shi did not answer immediately, but after a moment of intimate confrontation with Yu Feng, he actively bowed his head and kissed him.

Yu Feng is very gentle, whether it is his kiss or the movement of the body. Every time he is provoked by the other party, Su Shi can't help but use the toes of the toes to smash the strong and powerful waist...

All of this was so beautiful, so embarrassing, but when Su Shi woke up from her sleep the next morning, she only wanted to kill the knife.

Oh, even if you are gentle again, it will be life-saving if you come six times in a row.

I said that I loved VI, so I only wanted it six times. I still kissed myself and I didn’t have a chance to refuse. Do you think this excuse can cover up the essence of your big wolf?

Sure enough, those who were calm before are all deceiving ghosts. This guy is still a complete color ghost with or without memory!

At this time, a certain color ghost in Su Shikou was lying on one side with a soft face, letting Su Shi on himself, and skillfully helping him to press his sore waist.

Because the opponent's strength was just right, so that Su Shi was too comfortable to think about it, so he decided not to care about this ghost, and wait for his waist to be sour, and then immediately get out of bed.

Just in Su Shi’s mind, when I want to take the other person down in the future, the sound of love in the deep and deep voice of the front sounds in my ear: “A Yang, I love you.”

Su snorted and moved his legs. It seemed that he was getting out of bed directly. It was a bit too ferocious. He spared him this time.

Yu Feng did not know that his deep confession had happened to let Su Shi let himself out of his heart, and he was relieved of the tragedy of being cruelly smashed out of bed. He just cherished the waist of Su Shi’s waist and eagerly helped. The lover presses his back.

Here, Su Shi and Yu Feng are both yelling at me, and the hospital there has been in trouble.

Not only are the patients living in the hospital making troubles in transferring and condemning, even those who have lived in XX Hospital have come to the door and asked the hospital to make compensation.

After such a trouble, XX is notorious in the hearts of the people, and it is completely black. Unless someone can't think about it, no one will ever go to see a doctor again.

In addition, the hospital is facing an investigation into illegal human experiments. Once the crime is taken, the results can be imagined.

All in all, the XX hospital was completely finished this time.

And the same is also embarrassing, there are organizations that have leaked a lot of confidential information.

For the organization, intelligence is their lifeblood. Now someone has seized their lifeline and is free to spread the confidential information. The impact can be imagined.

Those who are also affected by the disclosure of intelligence, but also the parties involved in the confidential information, this is also a fatal blow to them.

Therefore, even if it is a dark organization, not many people know its existence. At this time, it is also facing condemnation and complaints from all parties. This alone will also bring huge and potentially fatal losses to the organization.

In addition to the economic, these losses also contain a huge impact on the credibility.

Imagine that even one's own intelligence can't be preserved, and even a large number of leaking organizations will happen. Who will dare to find information in the future?

Organizations that have been in operation for many years have collapsed overnight, and several leaders are struggling to find the root cause of these incidents while they are busy.

In the large conference room, the three leaders are sitting at each end.

“Who is this person doing? Is it our competitor?” The person wearing the cheetah mask screamed.

The Grizzlies shook their heads: "The organization's accident is that after the front is taken by the man, will this matter be related to that person?"

In the third position, the wolf shook his head and said: "It is better to say that it is related to Yu Feng, and that person is very unlucky recently."

The Grizzlies looked up at the wolf: "What do you mean, are these things done by Feng?"





 Hearing, the cheetah sneered at a sneer: "Yu Feng's hacking skills are really strong. The completion rate of the previous mission has been maintained at 100%, but he can't be strong enough?"

A hacker, even if it is so powerful, it is impossible to shake the foundation of the entire organization.

"Maybe he really didn't get to this level, but he has to admit that the reason why the organization chose to give up on him before, a large part of the reason is that his ability is already strong enough to make us jealous. This is beyond doubt. "The wolf's fingertips tapped on the table, and the sound became more and more low. "And if this is really what the person did, how could he make himself so overwhelmed?"

With this in mind, the cheetah has nothing to say. Now the situation of the X hospital is probably worse than that of the organization. After all, they have touched the public on the bright side.

At the same time, X hospitals and organizations encountered a crisis at the same time. As a result, these things may not be related to the front of the front. However, the cheetahs still have some unbelievable. The strength of Yu Feng has reached such a terrible level.

"If this is really what he did, he should have lived for a long time." The grizzly's right eye flashed a cold light.

"Then, do you think anyone can solve him now? Is it us, or that person?" The wolf sneered, with a little self-deprecating.

The grizzly bear can't help but silence. Now, whether they are or X hospitals, they are in a state of self-protection. The most important thing is that since Yu Feng dared to count them, it is obviously impossible to prepare for self-protection.

"After investigation, Yu Feng is now very close to the young master of the Liu family. Will there be his handwriting in this matter?" Cheetah asked questions.

Probably because the other party did have precautions, the specific information they could find was very small. I only knew that the young Liu family had been lying in the hospital after a car accident six months ago. Now he suddenly woke up and seemed to change his temperament. And I do not know why and Yu Feng is very close.

"Although I don't think that Yu Feng is so good to deal with now, but I still have to do it," the wolf once knocked on the table again. "We can never let such a traitor let him go."

"If he dares to betray the organization, he should think of his own end." Cheetah is also resentful.

At this point, they seem to have completely forgotten. The reason why Yu Feng will retaliate is because the organization first counted and sold him.

The leader of this organization has just finished the meeting. Su Shi has already learned about these situations. The organization has already been shaken like this. These people even have the leisure to calculate their lover. It seems that the means of lover is not enough.

Su Shi did not intend to ask about the organization before, but they even dared to hit the idea on the front, then don't blame him.

"If this is the case, then let out all the things they can vent." Su Shi squinted and decided to kill the organization directly.

The ball swayed in front of Su Shi, and some of them did not say it kindly: "Listen to the host adult, it feels really dirty."

"The dirty is you, I have always been very pure, saying, have you recently peeked at what is not pure?" Su Shi smiled and smiled at the ball.

The ball swayed a few more times, and the flashing spot turned into a suspicious pink: "No... No, I just have a little curiosity, really just a little."

Because every time the host is doing the shameful thing with the man, the ball will consciously avoid it, so it sees only the self-hosting after the lazy satisfaction, and it feels completely in peacetime. Similarly, the ball can not help but secretly think about it, is it really so comfortable to do this kind of thing?

This inevitably made the pure ball a little curious, sneaked to check some relevant information, and mastered some interesting little knowledge.

Su Shi looked at the ball that was accelerating the flash, and suddenly smiled awkwardly: "The ball, if you are really curious, it is better to try it yourself, which is much more effective than checking your knowledge."

Of course, the ball is not secretly thinking about this problem, but unfortunately: "But I am just a high-level intelligent system, and I don't have the necessary hardware to do this kind of thing."

After that, the pink spot on the ball suddenly became more dense. It never thought that one day, he would discuss this kind of problem with his own host so seriously, which is too shy.

"Maybe you can consider the number of crosses." Su Shi knocked on the back of the chair and gave a suggestion.

"Digital exchange? What is that?" The ball naively thought that Su Shi was really helping him to put forward reasonable opinions, and his attitude was correct.

Su Shi is also very serious on the surface, but the heart is very evil: "The number of exchanges, of course, refers to the data exchange X."

After saying this, Su Shi himself raised his mouth and couldn't help but smile.

"..." The ball was forced for a moment, then it was reflected in the home host. This is another game, so it immediately spurted out the red anger light, and could not help but cry, "Host adult, you You... How can you bully me like this? Hey... you are simply too bad!"

Su Shi touched her nose, her face was as if she had a sly expression, but the curvature of her mouth could not be suppressed: "Although I did deliberately bully you, this statement may not be feasible, isn't it?" But you must at least find another advanced intelligent system to verify its viability."

The ball never wants to take care of the host of their own ugly taste, and cried and floated to the corner to secretly hurt themselves.

After all the information of the organization leaked and leaked, it was inevitably embarked on the road to the end of the road, but Su Shi still did not trust until the three heads of the three escaping organizations were sent to the prison, and they were all sentenced to life imprisonment. Put it down temporarily.

At the same time, the amnesty in the hospital has been legally sanctioned for illegal human experimentation and was sent to prison, which is also life imprisonment.

For his own bad taste, Su Shi simply placed the four people in the same cell, which should be quite interesting.

After solving the problems of these two parties, Su Shi just wanted to take a break and improve the relationship between her and her lover. Zhang found it again.

Before Zhang had already helped Su Shi to fight a lawsuit with the hospital and got a lot of compensation, this matter was also considered, so when he saw Zhang, Su Shi guessed why this person came.

Sure enough, Zhang’s opening was an open door: “Liu Shao, I am preparing you and Mr. Liu Hao’s lawsuit. The evidence you provided to me is very sufficient, 99% may not lose.”

Su Shi raised an eyebrow and said inexplicably: "Which lawyer came to me specifically this time, is there anything else?"

Although the two had occasional contact during this time, most of them were Su Shi directly sent the evidence. At other times, the two did not communicate too much, and they did not see each other again.

"It was Mr. Liu Hao who found me and wanted to reconcile with Liu Shao. How did Liu Shao think?" Zhang explained straightforwardly.

After a moment of silence, Su Shi repeatedly asked a few questions: "If I have been lying in bed, I don't wake up, what do you think Liu Hao will treat me? If I wake up, I have no ability to fight against them. You What do you think of them? Will they return the things that belonged to me to me? Will I count as a vegetative person for a car accident six months ago, and really regret it?"

Zhang’s lawyer thought seriously and understood the meaning of Su Shi: “They may not.”

"Since I know that I will never let me go when I have no ability, why should I choose to let them go if I have enough ability?" Su Shi took the teacup on the table and sipped. It seems to be an understatement, but it is full of cold and authentic. "The true kindness is not tolerant, but to reward good people and punish those who are guilty."

Su Shi’s words are very fair and fair. In fact, his approach is that others can give him a good point. He can still be very good. But if someone else hurts him, he will definitely return one hundred percent and he should be punished. What is it?

Lawyer Zhang sighed a little and looked at Su Shi with apologizing: "Liu Shao is right, before I thought about it."

"Zhang Law is a friend of his father. It is normal to consider these issues, but there may not be any possibility of turning between Liu and Hao." Su Shi naturally knows that Zhang’s lawyer is specifically looking for himself for this matter. Taking into account the original father, I hope his two sons can get along with each other, but this is obviously impossible. "I don't want Zhang to be a lawyer. If you don't want to fight this lawsuit, I can hire other lawyers."

After hearing this, Zhang did not hesitate any more: "Liu Shaoyan is heavy, you can rest assured that I will do this case well."

"Then trouble Zhang lawyer." Su Shi put down the teacup and smiled and sent the guest.

Liu Hao on the other side quickly got the answer from Zhang’s lawyer, but he didn’t want it.

"Mr. Liu, let's see it in court." I thought of what Liu Hao had done to Liu Yang before thinking about what Liu Yang said before. Zhang’s only sympathy for Liu Hao has been exhausted.

Liu Hao, who seems a bit embarrassed, after hearing this sentence, his face suddenly seems difficult: "Zhang Law, you really can't look at his father's feelings, let us go this time? I admit that I used to I did a lot of wrong things, but I was forced too. If my father didn't leave everything to Liu Yang, my mother and I wouldn't have done this!"

Mr. Zhang looked at Liu Hao with disappointment. The reason why his friend had made such a will was because he knew Liu Hao’s temperament. If he got everything, he would not hesitate to drive Liu Yang away. Even rushed to kill.

On the contrary, for Liu Yang, who does not understand the calculation at all, even if he does not like Liu Hao in his heart, he may not leave him behind.

Although Liu Yang has indeed changed a lot, Mr. Zhang feels that this is definitely related to the car accident six months ago and the vegetative people who have been doing for nearly half a year. I am afraid that anyone who has experienced such a thing will not be able to continue to be as heartless as before. Live alive.

Thinking of this, Zhang couldn't help but sigh, but his tone became cold. "Mr. Liu, I am only a lawyer hired by Liu Shao. I have no obligation to discuss these private affairs with you. If Mr. Liu has no other questions, please ask Leave now, I have other work to do."

"In the end, it is not because my father favored Liu Yang before he was alive. Otherwise, how could you be willing to help him instead of helping me? You just dislike me as an illegitimate child, so I look down on me!" Liu Hao scorned Zhang lawyer with anger , loudly complained.

Mr. Zhang was a little tired and frowned: "Mr. Liu, please leave."

Liu Hao was almost mad, but biting his teeth, and finally leaving only an empty threat: "You give me a wait, I will make you regret it!"





 Liu Hao’s so-called Su Shi regrets that they paid for the assassination of the organization to harvest their lives, but the results can be imagined, the extraordinary did not achieve the purpose, but even more angered Su Shi.

However, the word irritating may not be suitable, because Su Shi’s reaction after learning about this incident is actually very dull.

He was drinking slowly with a cup of hot cocoa. He heard the report of the ball and only raised his eyebrows: "Since he is so dead, let him die and die."

Therefore, in addition to the lawsuit between Su Shi and Liu Wei, Liu Hao will face many other disputes from other parties.

For example, four months ago, Liu Hao’s accident caused by drunk driving; for example, three months ago, he let a three-line small star abortion scandal; also, for example, two months ago, he received a huge bribe from the company’s internal staff. ......

"What the **** is going on?! These things have not been solved already? How can it suddenly come out!" Liu Hao is simply vomiting blood, obviously all the things that have passed away, but all at the same time Out, this must be someone deliberately calculating him behind the scenes!

Who is it! Who is this dare to count him!

Just as Liu Hao was angry and frustrated, Xu Li found it with anger and directly threw a piece of material in front of Liu Hao: "A Hao, can you explain what is going on?"

Liu Hao looked at the information with impatience and picked up the information. The expression on his face suddenly became weird, because the information recorded on this document turned out to be what he did when he was nine years old.

When Liu Hao was nine years old, Xu Li really didn't want to continue to be a junior, and he quarreled to let Liu Hao recognize his ancestors.

However, Liu did not want to agree. He was worried that if he refused directly, Xu Li would give Liu Hao the benefit regardless of the trouble, let him convince Xu Li.

Although Xu Li is guarding Liu’s father, she has always trusted her own son. I feel that the two talents are the same camp. I didn’t think much about it at the time. I believed Liu Hao’s words. Until today, Xu Li knew that she was I was counted by my own son!

How can this thing be turned out! At this time, Liu Hao simply did not know what to put on his face. The heart was even more violent, but he had to sigh with anger: "Mom, where did you get this stuff? Do you even believe this thing?" ?"

"If I don't believe it again, isn't it a fool?" Xu Li took a sigh of relief. She never thought that her pro-son had even put herself together, even more than one. "A Hao, I am Your biological mother, you were only nine years old at that time. You have been counting on me since then. Is it only a tool for your interests in your heart?"

As she spoke, Xu Li was already red-eyed. She was really angry, but she was more disappointed and sad.

As a mother, she did not think of it anyway, she would be counted like this by her pro-son who has always loved her.

At the beginning, she did not get into the Liu family as soon as possible. She had her son's handwriting. Later, she failed to drive Liu Yang out as she wished. She couldn't stand uprightly with Mrs. Liu's name, and even had her own son's handwriting in it!

Although Liu Hao looked angry, his heart was still somewhat guilty. He sighed a little, and he was helpless and somewhat incomprehensible: "Mom, this is obviously someone who deliberately provokes the relationship between us. How can you really Believe?"

"A Hao, is it now, do you still want to lie to me?" Xu Li looked even more disappointed. If she had not seen the exact evidence, how could she be willing to doubt her son easily?

She did not expect that the matter had already reached this point, and her biological son actually wanted to continue to lie to him.

In the eyes of Xu Li’s disappointment and bitterness, Liu Hao subconsciously removed his gaze. For a time, he did not know what to say.

After a half-sound, Liu Hao took a deep breath and looked up at Xu Li. The voice was exhausted and said: "Mom, no matter what I have done before, it is not the time to discuss these issues. I am being counted by others, this is fundamental. It is the intentional person who deliberately provokes the relationship between us. You should never be fooled."

Xu Li looked at Liu Hao deeply, and watched him in this situation, he could even look at himself without hesitation, and he could just say this with confidence. The anger and disappointment of his heart suddenly It was replaced by a thick shackle and regret.

The son will become like this now, and why not because of her?

In the past, Xu Li only thought about competing for her own name. She felt that as long as she could enter the room and become a well-being Mrs. Liu, all the previous tricks and tricks could be hidden, as if she had never appeared before.

Now she discovered that everything is not the case, even if everything has passed, but some things can not be erased.

It is her own hands to turn her son into the present, unscrupulous, selfish, even his own mother will count, but still have no heart.

At this time, Xu Li did not know what it was like in her heart. Did she regret it? If she is given another chance to choose, will she still make the past? To destroy other people's families, to seek the money of others, and even to murder the lives of others.

But no matter whether she regrets or not, Xu Li has no chance to look back at this time. She will pay the price she deserves, just like her son.

Liu Hao’s affairs have been raging, which directly led to the downward trend of the Liu’s stock, but Su Shi did not worry at all. With his ability to save a small Liu’s group is just a piece of cake, he It is also a good opportunity to remove some of the hard nails in the Liu Group.

However, although Su Shi’s side was very leisurely, the Liu’s group was overturned. However, Liu Hao had not been able to settle the problems and was directly sent to prison by the law.

As a result, the internal disputes of the Liu Group have become more and more fierce. When the forces of the various parties went hand in hand, and they wanted to take the opportunity to divide a piece of cake, Su Shi’s high-profile appeared.

When he shot, he was fierce and vigorous, and all the forces were suppressed. When the people had to unite and want to resist, they discovered that the sudden emergence of the Liu family had become the absolute controlling shareholder of the Liu Group.

Everything happened only in just half a month. When the people came back, the turmoil of the Liu Group became a thing of the past. It was like nothing happened before. The only change is probably the Liu Group. Officially changed.

And after the Liu Group was stabilized, it immediately threw out three very attractive new projects, which attracted the attention of many bidders.

Only those who are screaming at the Liu’s group’s turmoil, those who sell their stocks, who are remorseful, and those who do not know what they want to do with Su Shi are also in a very cold situation.

After solving these key problems, Su Shi started the shopkeeper and handed the Liu Group to the reliable person, and he opened the road to “escape”.

Although Yu Feng usually looks very calm, but when he gets to the bed, he can almost reach the level of life. If it is only once or twice, Su Shi will bite his teeth, but Yu Feng’s energy is too strong, and he can’t stand it!

In order to allow him to live a few more years, Su Shi resolutely opened the road to "escape", and since then it has officially launched a fun contest between the two hackers.

The reason why it is a fun contest is that Su Shi did not open the ball assist mode during the escape process, but he personally went into battle and fought with Yu Feng.

So many years later, the following scenes have occurred.

scene one:

Su Shi: "You must not find me this time? ╮(╯▽╰)╭"

Yu Feng: "Jinjiang Hotel 619 rooms on the sixth floor, luxury suites, couples configuration, luxury pool, transparent bathroom, dear, have you been waiting for me to stay? (*/ω\*)"

Su Shi: "Wait and so! How did you find me this time? Σ(°△°|||)_"

Yu Feng: "Open the door, I will tell you in person. ~( ̄▽ ̄~)~"

Su Shi: "You got the wrong place, I am not here at all!_(:з"∠)_"

Until he was taken to the bed by Yu Feng and launched six attacks, Su Shi was still firmly expressing that he was not Liu Yang, and the other party was looking for the wrong person.

Yu Feng just calmly said: "Well, you can't be Liu Yang, you are Ah Zheng, it's Asong, it's a small straight... or my aunt."

Scene 2:

Su Shi’s face is incomprehensible: “I admit that you caught me this time, but I have a small request.”

Yu Feng’s clothes, calmly asked: "What requirements?"

Su Shi pitifully bowed his eyes: "Don't be six times good? My body can't eat."

Yu Feng smiled softly: "If you promise not to leave me anymore, I can promise you. But you have to tell me, which lover you choose to give up, is it me, or someone else?"

Su Shi tangled for a while, biting her teeth: "Forget it, I will continue to run."

It’s all his family’s loved ones, and he is willing to give up.

Scene 3:

Su Shi sighed: "Dear, I am too old to run, you should not chase me again."

Yu Feng insisted: "How can I not chase? I used to chase you in my life. Now I can always hold you."

Su Shi smiled: "You forgot, we have the next life, the next life, the next life...".

Yu Feng nodded: "That's good, I will chase you again in my next life, but..."

Su Shi does not understand: "But what?"

Yu Feng smirked: "Seven times, will it be a little too much?"

Su Yu anger: "You don't think about it in your next life!"

Yu Feng did not follow: "That can't be done, the other will not say, but at least give me one time."

Su Shi turned a blind eye and stopped talking, but more forcefully grasped the dry palm of Yu Feng.

Under the setting sun, the two old mans were lying side by side on the green grass, and there was a little bit of glory on the body...


Arc 7: Spreading IQ For The Mermaid Prince

 A long, long time ago, there was a beautiful and wide sea. In the depths of the sea, there was a magnificent deep sea palace, and in this palace, a group of handsome mermaids lived.

The youngest of them is Angel, and although he is the youngest, he is the most handsome of all the mermaid. He has a short blond hair, a pair of deep golden dragonflies, and a glittering golden light. Point of the slender fish tail.

Angel is a mermaid prince. He lived in the deep sea since childhood. He has never seen the scenery on the sea. His small wish is to look at the outside world and appreciate the completely different scenery from the sea floor, but his father He has not been allowed to leave the deep sea.

Until Angel was twenty years old, his father, the king of mermaid, called him to his side, stroking his blond hair and smiling: "My child, you are now twenty years old, you can go out and have a look at the outside world. It is."

"Father, thank you." Angel's golden voice suddenly shone with sparkling light, and his wish was finally fulfilled.

He bid farewell to his father, and the lovely mermaid brothers, who went from the deep sea to the upper reaches of the sea.

This should have been a very good start. He was about to see the colorful world outside, but just as he was near the sea, a hateful witch suddenly stopped him.

The handsome mermaid prince wrinkled a good-looking brow, and the low-pitched voice filled the sea: "Who are you? Why stop me?"

The insidious witch made a hoarse and horrible laughter: "Your voice is so good, I will shut you down on the tower, let you sing for me every day, and never escape."

"No, I won't let you succeed. I have to go and see the world outside!" Angel refused, but he was not the opponent of the abominable witch. He was eventually swept away by a witch and locked up in a tower. on.

Although the tower has stairs to go up and down, only the top floor has built a huge pool of seawater. Angels will become a salted fish if they leave the sea, so he still cannot leave the tower.

The hateful witch will come to the tower every day and let Angel sing for her.

At first, Angel didn't want to agree, but if he didn't sing, the witch would take the seawater out of the pool and make him a salted fish. Under the helplessness, Angel could only be forced to open his own good voice every day. Sing a song for the hateful witch.

This kind of life is tormenting poor Angel every day, so that his golden hair has lost its luster, and the gold-tailed fish tail has become dull, even the shining golden scorpions have lost their originality. Some glory.

In the end, poor Angel was tortured by a hateful witch into a salted fish and died on the tower.

Seeing this, Su Shi had no idea what to say. He reached out and frowned, and his heart was very regrettable. He had a soft heart before, and promised that the ball would enter the fairy tale world.

Because of the excitement, the ball was completely unaware of Su Shi’s emotions, but happily swayed on the side: “Hosting adults, is this plot particularly good? Is the male master’s setting particularly cool? ”

Su Shi sighed a little, and a good pair of peach eyes was quickly smashed into a dead fish eye: "I just think that the original story of this mission world is likely to be fake, because even the style of painting has changed."

The original plot of the previous mission world is a narrative body, flat and straightforward, this time the original plot has become a fairy tale body, it looks very... fairy tale.

Upon hearing this, the ball coughed a few times with a guilty conscience, flashing a pink light: "The original plot is really not like this, but I think the original style is too inconsistent with the fairy tale world, so I manually Change it, is it better now?"

Su Shi’s cold eyes glanced at the ball and attacked the road unceremoniously: “No.”

The ball swayed a little in a deflated manner, whispering: "It is obvious that the original plot looks better..."

Su Shi did not take care of the broken ball of the ball, looking down at the main line task.

Main line task: Help the poor man to escape the imprisonment of the vicious witch, and get the witch medicine that can turn the male's fish tail into legs. The task can directly restore the male owner's 100% IQ value.

The main task of "..." is really a fairy tale world. Su Shi is almost speechless. "I can understand the first half of the main task, but what does the second half mean? Why should I help him find the fish tail? Legs of witchcraft? Maybe the man does not want to turn his fish tail into legs?"

"Of course, this is for the purpose of hosting your lifelong welfare. You think about it, the man is attacking. If he has always been a mermaid, can't he attack it? Then you..." The ball naturally answers Halfway through, I found that Su Shi’s entire face was dark and quickly saved. “Of course, this is not the main reason. The main reason is that...the story needs, right, the plot demand! If the male’s fishtail can’t If you become a pair of legs, he can only live in the sea, so how can you live happily together?"

After saying this, the ball carefully looked at Su Shi, and his face was still very dark, and added a soft voice: "Note: happiness here is 'lucky' 'lucky', not 'character' 'sex'."

When the voice of the ball just fell, Su Shi grabbed it and began to play it mercilessly.

The ball cried in tears, and it felt that it was too embarrassing. It was obviously thinking about the host, but it was hurting it so ruthlessly! QAQ

After a while, Su Shi let go of the ball that had already been soaked and softened, and began to look at the memory of the original master, his own quest for the spur.

The original Lord is also a handsome prince, but unlike the male lord, he is the prince of a certain kingdom on land.

The original name was Alan, who was smart and young, and was quite popular with the king and queen.

When he was eighteen years old, he finally had the opportunity to leave his kingdom and follow a caravan into the sea, but he was killed in the middle of the road.

Coincidentally, the day when the original Lord encountered the storm was the day when the man left the deep sea. In other words, if the man did not meet the witch and was forcibly taken away, perhaps the original Lord would not die.

The content of the branch task is also very simple, that is, to avoid the wind and waves, to survive smoothly.

After Su Shigang finished reading the contents, he suddenly felt the surrounding environment suddenly jerk. When he looked up, he was actually in the room of a ship. Su Shi couldn’t help but squint and asked: "Where is the plot going? Already?"

"Today is the day when the original Lord went out to sea. It was also the day when the man was ready to leave the deep sea. After another two hours, the storm was coming, and the man was also taken away by the hateful witch." The ball was seriously answered, then Poorly, "Host the adults, you must save the poor man, don't let him be swept away by the witch!"

Su Shi slammed the ball with a powerless look, but helplessly said: "First exchange a prop, plus the defensive nature of the ship."

"Okay, but what about the man?" Compared to the situation here, the ball is obviously more worried about the situation of the poor mermaid prince.

That is his own lover, although the form of the world lover has become a bit strange, but Su Shi can never leave him alone, and now sighed a bit: "Help me exchange a prop, can let me in the sea free time."

"Okay, let me search for it!" The tone of the ball suddenly rose.

An hour later, Su Shi, who used the props, entered the sea and slowly swam to his lover along the direction of the ball.

At this time, Angel had left the palace on the bottom of the sea, and slowly walked forward to the sea with a longing, but he did not expect that on the way, he was suddenly stopped by a witch.

"Who are you? Why stop me?" Angel frowned.

The horrible witch smiled insidiously: "Your voice is so good, I want to shut you down on the tower, let you sing for me every day, and never escape."

"No, I won't let you succeed, I have to go and see the world outside!" Angel refused with anger.

"It can't be you!" The insidious witch rushed directly to Angel, and Angel was about to dodge, but saw a figure suddenly rushing to his front.

"Stop! You are a hateful witch, I will never allow you to hurt the handsome mermaid prince!" The figure in front of her body spoke openly, and Angel looked at the strange figure that suddenly appeared in front of him. The heart suddenly began to jump.

The witch once again made a sinister laughter, and at the same time she opened a small bottle in her hand. Under the infiltration of the sea water, the purple matter in the bottle quickly overflowed and spread in the sea.

Su Shi, who was in front of Angel, reached out and pushed a huge bubble to the witch. The witch had not yet had time to react, and had been wrapped in this huge bubble, together with the purple matter that had just escaped.

"You...you..." The witch suddenly lost consciousness when she didn't have time to finish a sentence.

Su Shi was pushing it again, and the huge bubble seemed to be thrust, and floated to the sea.

Su Shi finally looked back at Angel and smiled and said: "Dear mermaid prince, are you okay?"

However, in the next moment, Su Shi would not laugh at all. According to the description in the original plot, Su Shi’s lover was supposed to be a soft and cute little sweet mermaid, but the truth is...

This is a deep-eyed, deep-faced, high-quality mermaid with a standard eight-pack abs and a perfect mermaid line!

At this moment, Su Shi felt that he had just emerged a counterattack plan of less than two hours, and it seems to have come to an end.





 Just as Susan’s thoughts were “smashing” into slag, Angel had already looked at it with a deep gaze, and at the same time he said with a low-pitched voice: “Thank you for saving me, cute human.”

Well, if you don't counterattack, you won't fight back. Anyway, his attributes have already been determined. Even if you want to counterattack, you can't succeed.

Holding this thought, Su Shi smiled at Angel, and he was a little bit close to his politeness: "You're welcome, I just happened to pass through this place, just for it, you don't have to worry about it."

"So can I know your name? Cute human." Angel's voice is really very nice, low magnetic and almost let people listen to pregnancy, no wonder the witch will shut him on the tower, let him specifically I sang myself.

Su Shi’s ear tip couldn’t help but shake, and then he smiled and said: “My name is Allen, a prince. This is the first time I left the kingdom and traveled around. I am very happy to meet you.”

"My name is Angel, a mermaid prince. I lived in a palace deep in the sea at an early age. This is the first time I left the deep sea to see the world outside." Angel stared deeply at Su Shi, his mouth was slow. Slowly float a subtle arc. "If you have such a relationship, don't you know if we can walk together?"

Su Shi looked at Angel's slender golden fishtail. Although this tail is really beautiful, it is only a fishtail for the time being. It has no use except for good looks: "I really want to walk with you. But in your current situation, it seems that you can't leave the sea, and I can't stay in the sea for a long time."

"It's a pity. I don't know if there is any way to turn human legs into fishtails. In this case, things will become much simpler." Angel's deep scorpion is full of regrets and looks at Su Shi's legs.

This kind of gaze makes Su Shi subconsciously shrink the toes, although it sounds very inconsistent with the plot arrangement, but from Angel's point of view, such thinking logic seems to have no problem, after all, his thinking is based on his own mermaid of.

Then the question came. Why did the little mermaid in the fairy tale completely fail to consider the prince to become his own kind?

Su Shi suddenly did not understand this logic, but there is no logic in the fairy tale, so it is understandable.

Su Shi smiled and said: "I don't know if there is any way to turn human legs into the fish tail of the mermaid, but I know that there is a witch who can turn the fish tail of the mermaid into human legs. ”

Angel looked down at his golden fishtail. After a moment of contemplation, he whispered his lips. "This may also be a good choice, but where do I go to find the witch you said?"

Su Shi did not know where to go to find the witch. He directly threw the question to the ball and quickly said the answer given by the ball: "It is said that the witch lives in the depths of a forest, we Only by finding her can we get the witchcraft that turns the fish tail into legs."

"Deep in the forest? Is it supposed to be above the land?" Angel frowned again at his fishtail. "But how do I get there?"

Su Shi turned to turn the scorpion, and the corner of his mouth smirked a sly smile: "I think of a way, maybe it works."

"What is the method?" Angel looked at Su Shi with a puzzled look.

Su Shi just blinked and directly took Angel's hand to the upper reaches of the sea. The items he exchanged had only one hour of use, so he also needed to return to the boat first.

In the next two days, Su Shi either joined Angel in a swimming tour in the blue waters, or placed Angel in a large wooden bucket full of water and brought it to the boat to play. In short, the two were almost never separated.

Two days later, the ship finally landed.

After the ship docked, Su Shi did not have the heart to play, and asked people to order a huge fully sealed carriage at the bottom, and filled the carriage with sea water.

"As long as you ride this carriage, we can go to the forest to find a witch." Su Shi smiled and looked at Angel in the water.

Although Angel did not like this way, in order to find the witch as soon as possible, get the witch medicine, and turn his fish tail into legs, he had to endure it: "Good."

So the two started off so happily.

The road to the forest is very long, and the carriage is not fast. To prevent boredom, Su Shi has prepared many interesting gadgets that can be used as a pastime on the road.

In addition, he also took the opportunity to eat a lot of Angel's tofu, such as touching his eight pack abs, touching him to the extreme but with a cool golden fishtail, he always touched The tail of the tail swinging in the water.

Angel did not feel any accidental rejection, and even took the attitude of letting go, but whenever the golden scorpion looked at Su Shi, it would be particularly profound.

Even once, when Su Shi began to "study" Angel's fishtail, Angel suddenly said: "Do you know that the fishtail actually has an interesting effect?"

"What role?" Su Shi's fingertips slowly moved down the cold scales. Who knows that the slender fish tail suddenly bounced twice and then wrapped his lower body directly, and Angel The upper body has also become a close-knit look with Su Shi.

Feeling the strength of his waist and legs, Su Shi forced a moment before he returned, and his mouth was a little twitching: "This role is indeed... quite qing, how do you think of?"

"I don't know, I just suddenly wanted to entangle you, so I did." Angel answered it honestly.

Su Shi moved his legs, just wanting Angel to release the fish tail, the carriage suddenly burst, and the whole person rushed into the arms of Angel.

Immediately, there was a low-pitched tone from the carriage: "Who is it... dare to break into my forest?"

"The host, the witch who lives in the depths of the forest has discovered that you are there, she may be bad for you!" The ball hurriedly reminded him, but it was very exciting to hear it.

Su Shi raised his eyebrows silently and looked at Angel, who was under his own pressure: "It should be that the witch found us."

"So I can finally get the witch medicine that can turn my fish tail into legs?" Angel's eyes lit up. He didn't know much about the outside world. I don't know that some witches are terrible.

"Yes." Su Shi does not know, after all, the fairy tale world is often a dream, even if there is any danger can be resolved in an understatement.

However, soon the man was hit by a fish, and a gust of wind swept through, and the entire carriage filled with sea water was smashed into the air. Su Shi and Angel were both stunned.

Fortunately, the ball responded in time, wrapped a huge bubble in the two people, and the sea water in the carriage, and then moved the big bubble out of the carriage.

This directly led to when the two men flew up from the carriage, Angel's fishtail was still wrapped around Su Shi, and the two just slowed down and heard another explosive anger: "You... You are a shameless dog man and man, dare to show love in front of me, I want to burn you!"

This wave of anger was very powerful. The bubbles that wrapped up Su Shi and Angel were almost broken. Su Shi rolled his eyes and turned his eyes. How did he feel that the plot seemed to be wrong?

"Witch, we are here to find you the witch medicine that can turn the fish tail into legs." Angel ignored the anger and directly clarified the purpose of the trip.

As a purple mist slowly floated, the figure of the witch finally appeared in front of Su Shi, which made Su Shi could not help but turn a blind eye. In the fairy tale world, all the magical people used purple mist?

At this time, the ball was hard to be smart, and it was ridiculous: "Hosted adults, have you forgotten, and purple has another name called violet aka Lao zi?"

"..." Su Shi turned his eyes again and saw nothing as he did.

"You dare to show love in front of me. I can never give you witchcraft!" The witch was probably irritated by the two, and the voice was loud and scary. "I want you to be different forever because of the species. Can't be together! Hahahahaha!"

"..." This made the black line on Su Shi’s face slide down. Is there really no problem with this witch’s style?

On the contrary, Angel, who is still lying on his face, is righteous and righteous: "I will not let this happen!"

"..." Su Shi has no idea what to put on, maybe the only person who really has the wrong style is him, but dear mermaid prince, don't you forget that we came over to find witches and get witchcraft, just for convenience. Play with your peers?

Although we did do a few world husbands, in this mission world, we are not together.

However, the mermaid prince who is not the right style has not considered this plan at all, but has been more serious and serious: "I will definitely get the witch medicine and turn my fish tail into legs!"

"Then go to hell!" The witch was completely angered by Angel's words, and her body floated again with a purple mist, hitting the big blisters.

Su Shi is planning to find a ball to exchange props, so that he can cope with this incident, but see Angel suddenly cleared his throat and began to sing softly.

Su Shi looked at Angel with a black line. He was puzzled why he suddenly changed his style at this time, but he had not had time to express his feelings that he was close to collapse. He saw the opposite witch’s movement suddenly stopped.

Then, the witch, who was originally murderous and wanted to kill the two and then quickly, suddenly changed his face and was intoxicated: "This song... It’s so wonderful!"

Wtf?

The expression on Su Shi's face is distorted quickly, what kind of ghost is this God's turning point!





 What is even more frightening is that after this strange turn of God, the witch suddenly suddenly took advantage of it, took the initiative to take the witch medicine they needed, and gave a bottle of something with kindness: "This witch medicine and I just gave you the opposite, you can turn human legs into fishtails, maybe you will be useful."

"..." Oh, it turns out that there will be such a strange thing, Su Shi suddenly felt some legs shaking.

Angel put his hand out of the bubble, took two bottles of witchcraft, and then shrank back, a serious and authentic: "Allen, is now turning your legs into fishtails, or turning my fishtail into legs?"

"Don't say this first, how did you let the witch take the initiative to give you the witch medicine? His attitude is not like this." Su Shi did not know that Angel had such skills.

Angel answered without hesitation: "As a prince of the mermaid, my singing has always been very good, and as long as I meet my own destiny, my song will become enchanting."

The so-called fate of the person, should be said to be yourself? However, this setting, how do you really feel how confused you are.

After answering this question, Angel asked again: "So are we going to turn your legs into fishtails or turn my fishtails into human legs?"

"We are on land now, or first turn your fish tail into legs." Su Shi did not hesitate to answer, the tone is also a serious.

When the two were talking, the witch had left the place very consciously and disappeared completely.

Angel looked at the water in the bubble that occupied most of the space, saying: "Then we don't need the sea."

"I can put these seawater out." Su Shi immediately cooperated with the nod, anyway, he does not want to turn his legs into fishtails.

Angel's golden voice flashed a little, but because his eyes were too deep, he couldn't see what he was thinking.

"Do you have any other questions?" Su Shi is worried that the mermaid prince will rise on the spot and really turn himself into his kind.

The most important thing is that the witch just said, after eating this medicine, the effect is irreversible, so once your legs become a fishtail, you may never get back!

Angel stared at Su Shi for a while, suddenly showing a touch of color, with a smile: "After all, you are human, and no wonder you will like this way."

"What way?" Su Shi did not understand Angel's words.

Angel did not say much, just take a medicine from the medicine bottle and put it into his mouth. At the same time, Su Shi is slowly putting the sea water out of the bubble.

I only heard the sound of "gurgle", but for a while, the sea water in the bubble has completely disappeared.

At this time, Angel's golden fish tail gradually turned into human legs. These legs are long and powerful, full of explosive power, and look quite perfect.

Su Shi’s gaze glides slowly from Angel’s feet, through his explosive calves, followed by tight thighs, and finally...

Su Shi felt that her eyes were almost stunned!

Angel, who had just turned from a mermaid to a human, did not wear any clothing, so Su Shi’s gaze inevitably fell on a place that could not be described.

"I... I didn't see anything." Su Shi said that he had already squinted at it at the same time.

Angel’s attitude was exceptionally open. He even did not hide it at all. Instead, he looked at Su Shi seriously: “My body, you can enjoy it at will.”

Although the two have always been lovers, but you are so enthusiastic, really good?

As if to see the meaning of Su Shi’s eyes, Angel has some incomprehensible words: “With our two current relationships, do we still need to hide each other in this kind of thing?”

What is the relationship between us? Didn’t he and Angel just know each other for a long time, is it just an ordinary friend? Could it be that……

Su Shi’s nephew flashed a little, can it be said that the lover of this world, like Yu Feng, also has the memory of the past?

"Are you...is our relationship very good?" Su Shi asked, but there was no way to directly explain the problem clearly. After all, this was only his guess, so he could only change his mouth halfway.

"Are we not already appointed for life?" Angel is of course natural.

"What did you say? Has this happened between us?" Su Shi was scared to be scared by him. Why didn't he know when the two had agreed to life?

Angel's golden voice gradually deepened, and he definitely said: "You forgot that I asked you your name before? In our mermaid, only love each other, they will ask the other person for the name, and if the other party answers Then, it is the two feelings of mutual joy, mutual ordering for life."

Su Shi only felt that there were a lot of horses in his mind. Although it is a fairy tale world, it is impossible to play it like this. But it is just asking for a name, but also for each other.

Are you sure that this is not deliberately teasing me?

Su Shi now wants to take the ball and play it with him, but he looked around and found that the ball had just consciously hibernated since the fish tail of Angel just turned into a pair of legs.

Wait, why is Su Shi’s heart suddenly popping up with an ominous premonition?

"And after we have been living together for a lifetime, we should immediately fulfill our duties as a partner, but we have different species before, so we can't do it, so I didn't mention it," Angel immediately cooperated to turn Su Shi's ominous premonition into a cruel reality. Or use a very calm tone. "Now I have human legs, and we finally have to wait any longer."

"Wait, my understanding seems to have something wrong. I can't understand what you mean right now." Su Shi's heart is madly spitting, what kind of wonderful creature is this, there is such a wonderful To the extreme rules!

Angel gently said: "It doesn't matter if you don't understand. I will teach you slowly. It will be a very good experience."

"You wait, I think... Hey!" Su Shi’s eager voice just rose, and Angel was blocked by the mouth, and the rest of the words were swallowed up by him.

Thus, the poor Su Shi was forced to be in a huge bubble floating in the middle of the forest. It was seen as simple, but the sinister mermaid prince gave the sauce.

The whole process was extremely **** and cruel, and I couldn’t bear to look straight. Su Shi was forced to cry for several times ruthlessly, but I have to say that this way of floating in midair is really quite a sense.

After this extremely tragic experience, Su Shi fell asleep with tears, and the handsome and affectionate mermaid prince patiently helped Su Shi clean it from head to toe with his tongue, and then slept with his peace of mind.

When Su Shi wakes up again, the night has already come, and a little bit of fluorescent flickering in the forest, but it also drives the strange and gloomy atmosphere of the forest.

Almost at the same time that Su Shi opened his eyes, Angel woke up. He looked at Su Shi in a gentle way: "Dear Allen, where are we going next?"

Su Shi earned her earned in Angel's arms, but in the end she did not use force. Instead, she was held tighter by the other side: "It is imperative now that you should find a suit for you. You can't always do this... Is it?"

Mentioning this problem, the handsome mermaid prince frowned slightly: "I may not have told you that as a prince of the mermaid, I can only wear the softest and most comfortable clothes in the world, otherwise my delicate skin will be ruthlessly drawn. hurt."

"..." This thick fairy tale is simply going to drive Su Shi crazy. Can't you talk well? Then he also licked a fairy tale. "Okay, the handsome mermaid prince, where can I find the softest and most comfortable clothes in the world?"

The mermaid prince’s answer is simple: “I don’t know.”

"..." Come, please take this sinister mermaid prince away!

Su Shi has no choice but to squint his eyebrows for help: "The ball, you give it to me."

The sound of the ball came quickly, but it only heard the sound, but the ball was not seen: "The host, I can't come out now, because the handsome mermaid prince has not yet put on the softest and most comfortable clothes in the world."

"..." Suddenly felt like everyone was suffering from a fairy tale syndrome.

Su Shi is very speechless: "So where should I go to find the most soft and comfortable clothes in the world for this handsome mermaid prince?"

"I heard that in the deepest part of the sea, there is a beautiful coral group. There are the biggest and brightest pearls. Only the clothes woven with precious pearl silk are the softest and most comfortable. Maybe you can go there and see." The ball is a skillful fairy tale.

Su Shi just wanted to sing a round ball: "Do you tell me directly to the depths of the sea to find it?"

The ball does not agree with the authentic: "Hosting adults, here is a very dreamy and beautiful fairy tale world, how can you have no such feelings?"

Su Shi was too lazy to say anything more about the ball. He turned his head and said to Angel: "We have to go to the bottom of the sea to help you find the right clothes, but now the situation is that you have changed from mermaid to human, and I started from It’s all human beings, so we both seem to have no way to enter the depths of the sea?”

"Don't worry, I have a way." Angel voiced quietly and seemed confident in the matter.

The two men took the carriage from the forest to the beach. After arriving there, the two of them arrived until the night, and no other talents at the seaside finally appeared.

The moonlight is like jade. At the sparkling seaside, Angel slowly sings a quiet little tune. His voice is like a dream, slowly drifting into Su Shi’s ear, and people can’t help but be intoxicated.

But then, a burst of "squeaky" sound broke the peace and quiet.

Six mermaid princes emerged from the sea. They have different hair colors, different ochre, and different colors of fishtails, but they are equally handsome and equally dreamy.





 The purple mermaid is the first to open, very strange: "Ah, Angel, really is you! You have found your destined person so quickly!"

The mermaid was very handsome. Su Shi saw the color of his body, but he only thought of the "base purple" mentioned before the ball.

The blue mermaid followed and exclaimed: "But Angel, how did your fish tail disappear? Have you become human?"

Seeing these colorful colors, Su Shi immediately thought of the "rainbow color", so many eyes, the eyes are almost flashed, okay?

Angel coveted his brothers and said: "Yes, I have become a human now. I need to find a fitting outfit for myself, and it is deep in the sea."

"So you are looking for us to help?" The green mermaid licked the glass-like eyes, asking like a smile.

Angel's gaze turned around in six brothers and solemnly nodded: "Yes, I hope you can help."

The six mermaid brothers looked at each other and their eyes fell on Su Shi, who was next to Angel: "Angel, is this your destined person?"

"Yes, his name is Allen, we have been living together forever." Angel gave a definite answer.

After the six mermaid brothers stared at Su Shi for a while, the red mermaid who had not spoken before took the lead: "If you want us to help, you must kiss each other first."

When he heard this, Angel did not speak, but turned to look at Su Shi.

In this respect, Su Shi has never been a tweaking person. At the moment, he directly hooked Angel's neck and sent a kiss.

Angel’s deep gold scorpion watched Su Shi tightly, and the tip of his ear was already silent.

Seeing this scene, the six mermaid brothers snorted, and the orange mermaid smiled and said: "I don't think it's enough to kiss only one, but more than two."

This time, Angel was passive and took the initiative. He took a few mouthfuls of Su Shi’s waist, and the six brothers laughed again in good faith.

I thought that this kind of thing would be solved, but who knows that there is a dreamy white mermaid who smiled and said: "No, I have to watch you for five minutes, otherwise I will not help you."

"..." How busy are you mermaid, will you like dog food so much? Su Shi simply wants to turn her eyes.

But Angel has already acted. The two men kissed each other for five minutes and finally separated. Su Shi felt a little breathless.

The purple mermaid couldn't help but sighed: "Angel, you are so lucky, you have found such a simple partner."

simple? Su Shi vaguely felt that there was something wrong with him. Isn’t the word like a boast?

Angel is proud of laughing: "Of course, my Allen is the best human in the world."

"Then you will love each other, we have to go to play, we will not bother you." After the blue mermaid finished this sentence, a fierce rushed into the sea, disappeared.

Others also said goodbye to the two people with a smile, and left without saying anything.

"... Wait, are they going to help us find the pearls on the bottom of the sea?" Su Shi looked at the scene with some arrogance, and she did not know what to say.

Angel looked at Su Shi apologetically and sighed: "I forgot to talk to you. Although my six brothers seem very enthusiastic, they are very stingy and never willing to help others."

"So that is to say, we have just met so many of their demands, but the result is that they directly left us?" Su Shi's eyes began to twitch.

"Probably like this." Angel sighed apologetically, but in fact, half of his eyes apologize? Instead, it is full of satisfaction.

Su Shi knew it in an instant. The fact that he dared to do this was exactly what Angel planned himself. He called his brother from the beginning, so that it was not for the six brothers to help him find the pearls deep in the sea. Take advantage of your own cheap, or the kind of public!

Su Shi looks at her lover in a complicated way. When did the lover turn into this kind of heart, will count the bad guys of her own?

However, I have to admit that the lover is very innocent on the surface, but the stomach is full of bad water. In fact, it is quite consistent with Su Shi’s appetite. After all, he is a very bad person.

Su Shi took Angel's eye and then suddenly kissed and kissed his lips. He smiled and said: "If you want to kiss me next time, you can tell me directly, I will not be willing to give you your own kiss. ”

"Follow, my prince." Angel glanced at Su Shi deeply, and took a deep kiss on his waist again.

In the sparkling sea, on a huge reef, the blond gilt mermaid prince holds a black-haired black prince in his arms, and the faint moonlight shrouds the two, seemingly ethereal and beautiful.

The premise is that we have to ignore the fact that someone is still wearing clothes.

When the two people finally separated, they discussed the business.

"If your brothers don't want to help, what do we do now?" Su Shi actually likes Angel's appearance in front of herself without wearing clothes, but it is very inconvenient after all.

Angelton took a moment and said what he had long thought of: "Then we only have two of us going deep into the sea to find the pearls deep in the sea."

"But we are all human beings now, there is no way to enter the depths of the sea?" Su Shi said this intentionally. If necessary, he can also directly exchange the props into the sea, but he thinks that Angel should be good before. The way.

Sure enough, Angel immediately replied: "It doesn't matter, we can use witch medicine to change our legs back to the fishtail so that we can enter the bottom of the sea."

"But the role of the witchcraft you used before is not irreversible?" Su Shi frowned.

"I think the witch said that it is irreversible, because we don't have another witch medicine," Angel said with a serious look. "That is, if we can't turn our legs into fish." The tail of the witch medicine, then after I turn the fish tail into legs, it is impossible to turn the legs into fish tails, but now we have both witch medicines, naturally we can free in two forms. Switch."

After listening to this almost tongue twister, Su Shi also understood the logical relationship, and he even felt that it was very reasonable. Now he nodded: "Try it first. Try the witch medicine first. ”

Angel nodded and did not hesitate to swallow a witchcraft that could turn human legs into mermaid fishtails. His slender legs quickly changed from a human state to a golden slender fishtail.

"Sure enough, dear, you can also take medicine." Angel jumped into the sea, his arms on the reef, his eyes shining on Su Shi.

Su Shi held a witch medicine and always thought that Angel's expression looked very problematic, but he thought he was still eating the medicine.

After a while, Su Shi’s legs also became the shape of a fishtail. This is a nearly transparent cyan fish tail, which is extraordinarily crystal clear in the moonlight.

"This is the first time I saw the cyan fish tail, it was so beautiful." Angel looked at Su Shi's fishtail, his eyes full of obsession.

Su Shi licked his own tail, and after getting used to it, he also jumped into the sea.

The body was immersed in the cold sea water, but Su Shi did not feel cold, but felt extremely comfortable, and the slender cyan fish tail also swayed.

Angel came over and touched Su Shi's fishtail tip, and once again intoxicated: "Dear Prince, your fishtail is so beautiful, it feels very comfortable."

Su Shi was a little bit stunned by the squid tail, a serious and authentic: "Let's go, let's go to the depths of the sea to find pearls for you."

The mermaid of the golden fishtail and the mermaid of the cyan fishtail hold hands, shoulders shoulders and swim together to the deep sea.

Two equally slender fishtails, swaying in the sea, sparkling with brilliance, seemingly dreamlike.

However, what happened next was not so dreamy, because the two mermaids actually started the kind of thing directly after entering the coral area of ​​the deep sea.

"Angel, are we going to do business right now?" Su Shi’s entire face was distorted, and doing it with a fishtail was so boring.

Angel is very persistent, holding Su Shi’s hand: “Allen, you see, the scenery here is so beautiful, if we don’t cherish it, isn’t it too wasteful?”

Su Shi also wanted to refute, but Angel had swam over and gently blocked his mouth. The golden fish tail was also gently but firmly wrapped around...

So after the bubble play, Su Shi was forced to try a fishtail play, the gentle and cool water together with Angel's slender and powerful fishtail pressed on the body, so that Su Shi did not even have a chance to breathe.

When Angel finally finally let him go, Su Shi had already been unable to swim in the soft, and even the beautiful cyan fishtail was trembling uncontrollably.

Angel took Su Shi to a smooth and clean stone, let him rest in his arms, and he himself consciously helped Su Shi press his sore back, although he himself did not know that he was a mermaid prince. Self, why are you so skilled in this kind of thing?

After Su Shi finally slowed down, the two talents began to look for pearls deep in the sea, which cost them two full days.

Three days later, Su Shi and Angel finally collected a total of twenty pearls and they were ready to work.

In the past three days, Su Shi was inevitably pulled by Angel to do several shameful things.

Sure enough, even in the fairy tale world, some of the nature of the lover is still difficult to change. Fortunately, it is quite comfortable to do this kind of thing in the water. As long as it is not excessive, the body will not feel too tired.





 After collecting enough pearls, the two faced new problems. Pearls are there, but it seems that the clothes made of pearl silk are still far away.

"Do you know where to find someone to help you make clothes?" Su Shi asked.

Angel shook his head with a serious expression and gave the answer that he had given before: "I don't know."

Su Shi helplessly, can only continue to ask for help, round, fairy tale fans, all things, the ball immediately went online: "I know, I know! To make a piece of clothing made from pearl silk, you must find a A witch who is proficient in this art, she has a magical textile machine. Only with that textile machine can we weave a noble dress made of pearl silk. But this textile machine seems to have been cursed, if it is accidentally stabbed If you hurt, you will fall asleep."

How is the word "..." heard familiar? But this is not the point, the point is, "So where should I go to find this witch?"

The ball replied: "This witch lives in a very beautiful country. There are beautiful flowers blooming all year round. The air is always full of rich floral fragrance. If you have been there, you will fall in love with this country."

"...so you can tell me directly, what is the name of the kingdom?" Su Shi couldn't stand the fairy tale of the ball.

The ball had to be honest and answered: "It is the kingdom of sleeping beauty."

Just like what I expected, Su Shi couldn't help but rolled her eyes and turned to Angel. "I heard that in the Sleeping Beauty Kingdom, there is a witch who can weave the clothes you need. Let's go there directly. She."

"Good." Angel answered with a smile.

On the way to the Sleeping Beauty Kingdom, Su Shi has been not very happy. Although the ball still does not dare to come out, but also concerned about the authentic: "Hosted adults, you seem to be somewhat unhappy?"

"Yes, I have been not very happy since I came to this mission world." Su Shi admitted.

This can't help but make the ball a bit embarrassing: "Is the host adult not like the fairy tale world? Really... I am really sorry, it is because of me that the host adult has entered the mission world that he does not like."

At the end of the day, the tone of the ball has been very frustrating.

"The fairy tale world is not bad, the scenery is very dreamy, the characters are also very beautiful, just..." Su Shi just wanted to complain, but did not blame the meaning of the ball. "You seem to have forgotten my people to set the property, in In this dreamy world of missions, how do you make me so cool?"

This fairy tale world is simply a world of spoofing. It is good to adjust the mood, but if you want to take the Su Shuang route of smashing the face, it is very difficult.

The ball feels that his own host seems to be quite reasonable. He is speechless. He has not yet thought about the language he has to deal with. He listens to his own host and continues to complain: "Of course, this is not the biggest problem. The most horrible thing now is that the male lord has no clothes to wear until now. Do you know how much psychological shadow has this brought to me?"

Whenever Su Shi’s gaze falls uncontrollably on Angel, an inexpressible place, there is an impulse to poke his own eyes, and there will be a conditional reflection of chrysanthemums, which is too torturous. !

The ball suddenly didn't know what to say, but he didn't understand the idea of ​​his own host. It is reasonable to say that this matter should be regarded as welfare. How did it come to his own host, but it became a torture?

The simple ball, at this time, does not know how much difference between the attack and the attack, some things may be welfare for the attack, but it is torture for the recipient.

Su Shi also wants to continue to complain, Angel has reached out and held him in his arms: "My dear prince, what are you thinking about?"

At this time, Su Shi was half-headed, and in this position, he suddenly saw something unspeakable, his eyes were flashed again, and he still pretended not to see anything on the face: "Nothing, just a little boring."

"Then ask the prince and me to do something that is not boring." Angel said as he gently fell Su Shi.

When Su Shi walked down the carriage, he saw the flowers everywhere, and the smell of the flowers came from the nose. It turned out to be the kingdom of sleeping beauty.

"Hosted adults, in front of the place where the witch lived, said that the witch is very bad temper, you must be careful with the host." The ball resolutely reminded.

Su Shi nodded and went to the door and raised his hand to ring the wooden door that looked a bit mottled: "Is there anyone?"

No one responded.

Su Shi knocked on the door again. After a while, the wooden door finally "squeaked" and was pulled away from it. A wrinkled face appeared in front of Su Shi, and the witch stared at Su Shi with her turbid eyes. The opening asked: "Who are you?"

"I am a prince in a distant kingdom. I am here, I want to ask you to do me a favor and make a set of clothes made of pearl silk for my lover." Su Shi smiled and politely explained the meaning. .

The witch's muddy eyes flashed a little. She looked at Su Shi up and down, and looked at the carriage that was parked behind Su Shi and asked: "Why didn't your lover appear with you?"

"Because he is a mermaid on the seabed, because his skin is too delicate, there is no clothes to wear now, so it is not convenient to see people." Su Shi smiled and replied.

I saw the wrinkled face of the witch, and there were two groups of blushing suspiciously. She licked her turbid eyes and coughed two channels: "Well, I promised to help you this, but I am here. No pearls."

Su Shi directly handed over the twenty huge pearls to the witch. When the witch took over, he asked hesitantly: "You give me such a valuable thing directly, don't you worry?"

"If I don't trust you enough, I will never ask you for help. Since I have chosen trust, why should I be a small family because of this?" Su Shi smiled slightly, and he said it was good, actually completely It is because in the whole fairy tale world, only a witch can weave a pearl coat, and twisting and pinching it, making the other person's heart uncomfortable, it is better to give things to the other party.

The witch listened to this statement and it was a bit moving. He assured: "You can rest assured that I will weave the most beautiful pearl dress for your lover. It only takes three days, and you can come and take the pearl coat."

"That's a problem." Su Shi smiled and said goodbye.

Su Shi and Angel visited the Sleeping Beauty Kingdom for three days. They almost walked through the streets of all the blossoming flowers of the entire kingdom. When the third day was wood, the two finally returned to the witch's wooden house.

"You are waiting in the carriage, I am going to help you get the clothes." This time Su Shi still walked down the carriage, he decided, and when he helped Angel get the right clothes, he immediately parted ways with the other side. It is better to have one person and one fish, and the species is different, because nowadays it is impossible to go on.

Su Shi once again rang the mottled wooden door. This time the witch quickly opened the door. She smiled and looked at Su Shi. She said: "Dear Prince, Pearl I have already done it, you can now Take it away."

Su Xu smiled and took the clothes that the witch had handed over to see it. The smile on his face suddenly solidified, because the pearl coat he held in his hand turned out to be a sparkling... skirt.

"Wait, why do you do a dress for me?" Su Shi's face is extremely complicated, like a thunder.

The witch is also very aggressive: "Don't it be a skirt? Is your lover not a delicate and beautiful mermaid?"

"He is indeed a mermaid. His skin is really very delicate, but," Su Shi’s mouth couldn’t help but twitch. He never thought that he would make such an oolong, "his gender." It’s a man.”

"..." The witch has revealed a look that she does not know what to say.

Su Shi also did not know what to say: "I am sorry, I did not make it clear before, it will lead to such misunderstanding, this is not your problem."

"But this pearl coat..." The witch looked at the skirt in the hands of Su Shi. The pearl coat has always been very precious and it is impossible to rebuild it.

Su Shi secretly took a deep breath and barely kept his smile on his face: "This pearl coat will be given to you. I think the queen or princess of this kingdom should like this skirt very much. As for me. The lover, I will go back to find the pearl with him, and then come and ask for your help."

"But this pearl dress is too precious, I shouldn't..." The witch wanted to quit, but was quickly interrupted by Su Shi.

"Just as we are asking for your help, I hope you can accept it, otherwise we will be uneasy," Su Shi smiled and interrupted the witch, and waved to say goodbye to her. "Then we have to say goodbye for the time being." But I will get back soon."

After bidding farewell to the witch, Su Shi walked heavily back to the carriage. In this case, he really did not want to board the carriage.

Angel soon noticed that Su Shi had returned. He spoke to Su Shi from the carriage: "Dear, is my clothes ready? Show me."

"No, because I said it is not clear enough, so the witch mistakenly thought that my lover is a lovely female mermaid, so she made a very beautiful dress." Su Shi's tone is heavy.

But Angel in the carriage didn't seem to have much reaction, but the tone sighed flatly: "That's a pity, so it seems that we still have to go back to the deep sea."

"It should be like this." Su Shi sighed heavily, finally plucked up the courage to lift some sour feet and walked into the carriage, but in the next scene, he saw another place that could flash the human eye.

God, please let me go straight!





 Su Shi, who was flashed, was forced to go back and forth with Angel to the deep sea. He collected 20 large pearls again, but when they returned to the sleeping beauty kingdom, the witch was told that the witch had already I was invited to the palace.

"I was invited to the palace? What time is this?" Su Shi frowned slightly, and they went back and forth, but in less than a month, the people who had been sleeping in the beauty of the king abandoned it and had to live alone on the cliff. The witch on the scene was actually invited to the palace, which is too unbelievable anyway.

The answer to Su Shi’s question is a soldier sent from the palace: “The witch who lived here before, presented a beautiful skirt made of pearl silk to the queen in the palace. The queen liked it very much and connected the witch. The palace is her royal tailor. And now the whole kingdom knows that the queen has a gorgeous pearl coat, and the ladies like to go to the palace without any trouble, want to ask the witch to help them also create such a unique pearl. clothes."

"..." Su Shi did not know what to say, it really is a fairy tale world, the development of things is so fairytale, just a piece of clothing, can even completely reverse the fate of a person, "This is really a good thing. ""

"But the witch did not forget the two. She made a special trip for me to wait here, just to pick up the two to go directly to the palace," the soldier said, and paused for a moment. "Right, now we have not called it." She is a witch, her name is Maria."

"..." Su Shi felt that she didn't even know what to look like. The witch's appearance and her name are indeed a little independent.

Instead, Angel, who was in the carriage, said first: "If this is the case, then let us go directly to the palace."

The two men took the carriage and followed the soldiers to the palace of the Sleeping Beauty Kingdom. The place looked very magnificent. The palace was decorated with splendid flowers. The garden was filled with flowers of great quality and the fragrance was full of nose.

In the gazebo in the middle of the flower, Wu, Maria, who has replaced her ugly autumn clothes, is playing with the unique textile machine.

The carriage stopped near the gazebo, and Su Shi walked alone. When Mary saw him, he immediately got up and greeted him: "Dear Prince, you are finally back."

"Yes, I have listened to the soldiers before talking about your deeds, congratulations to you." Su Shi smiled and spoke, in fact, my heart is still speechless, because the **** of this fairy tale world is too unreasonable.

Maria’s wrinkled face burst into a shy smile, and she lowered her head slightly: “Thank you, dear prince, if there is no beautiful dress made of pearl silk, I It is also impossible to be connected to the palace in the future, and it is even less likely to be loved by others."

Su Shi really did not want to continue to chill on this issue, he took out what he brought: "You are too polite, this is the twenty pearls I prepared, this time I still have to trouble you."

"Please rest assured, this time I will definitely make a pearl dress that suits your heart." Maria looked firmly and assured that she would not make a mistake again this time.

"Okay, then after three days, I will come over to get clothes." Su Shi smiled and wanted to say goodbye, but was stopped by Maria.

Maria opened her mouth and said: "Before I was careless, I would let the two of them run more and more. In order to express my apologies, I have asked the Queen to let the two live in the palace for a few days, so I can see this. The beauty of the palace."

As a matter of fact, they have already turned around in the Sleeping Beauty Kingdom. Now there is really nothing to do. Su Shi thought and agreed to it: "So we have to harass."

Su Shi was not idle during the three days of living in the palace. He directly left Angel in the palace, and he walked out without a problem.

He was only trying to appreciate the flowers, look at the grass, and appreciate the unique dreamy beauty in the fairy tale world. But one day, but one of them unintentionally heard a huge secret.

In the pavilion, a gentle voice with a soothing voice came first: "Good sister, you are not going to cry, now the children are safely back, you should feel happy."

Then there was a crying cry: "But they had suffered a lot of sins before, and they suffered a lot. They were trapped in the forest for half a month, and I was worried about death."

Gentle voice said: "Well, don't cry, they just came back. If you see this look again, I am afraid it will be sad again."

Cried and sighed: "Fortunately, they are all back now, otherwise I really don't know what to do. I will never let them go to the forest anymore. The witches there can be trapped with witch medicine. It’s terrible that the people inside are shrinking."

Gentle voice said: "Yes, we must control the children in the future, and we must not let them enter the forest."

Hearing here, Su Shi’s mouth has begun to twitch, the forest, seven people, can make people smaller witch medicine, he seems to have unwittingly discovered what the truth is.

So if the skin-like white princess appears in the forest according to the script in memory, but can't find the seven children who have it, will the end of the game become very miserable?

Su Shi is thinking about this problem with a black line, not far away, seven young princes wearing the same costumes.

The seven princes walked straight into the gazebo and saw the mother who was crying and weeping. They looked at each other and comforted their mother with ease.

"After the mother, aren't we all right now? Don't worry anymore."

"Yes, mother, although the witch sounds terrible, isn't she letting us all?"

"At the beginning, the witch was really scary, but then I didn't know what happened. She suddenly became a person. She was filled with love and she sent us out of the forest."

"After the mother, you are not just worried about us, even the aunt will be very worried, we will soon go back to the dwarf kingdom, you are happy, the aunt can rest assured."

......

Until the seven princes supported their mother and left with her aunt, Su Shi completely clarified the causal relationship.

That is to say, the forest where he and Angel went to get the witch medicine was the forest where the seven princes fell, and because of a song by Angel, the witch changed his evil spirits, which made it possible for the seven princes to get rid of it. Become the tragic fate of children.

For this reason, if the princess whose skin is white like snow really sets foot on this forest, even if he does not encounter seven dwarfs, he should be saved by the witch who has been rehabilitated. The problem seems to have been solved.

Thinking of this, Su Shi couldn't help but vent his words in the heart. The story of this fairy tale world is too unreasonable.

Su Shi, who was shocked by this incident, went back to the palace where she lived. As soon as she walked in, she was pulled to bed by Angel.

This is not only his spirit, but his body has also been subjected to very cruel exploitation.

Three days ago, Su Shi finally got the set of clothes woven from pearls from Maria's hands.

When Angel put the suit on his body, Su Shi couldn't help but blink over the white faint smudges, but he also had to say that Angel was more handsome in the shadow of the suit.

While enjoying the beauty, Su Shi also secretly breathed a sigh of relief, and he finally had no need to go through the days when someone was blinking every day.

"Dear Allen, do I look handsome?" Angel stood there straight, and the golden scorpion stared at Su Shi.

Su Shi nodded. "You look handsome, my dear mermaid prince, this suit is perfect for you."

"You are the same," Angel looked at Su Shi up and down. Although he had already put on his clothes, his essence was as flowing as before. "But actually I like the way you don't wear clothes, because that is the most beautiful." ”

Su Shi’s eyes instantly turned into dead fish eyes: “So it’s a pity that maybe you can’t see my most beautiful look in recent times.”

"Why?" Angel raised his eyebrows strangely.

Su Shi hooked his mouth: "Because I want to play a game with you, I call you chase me."

"This game sounds interesting, but if it makes me lose the chance to see you the most beautiful, I choose to refuse." Angel seems to be very simple, but he is not a fool.

"I am afraid that you can't refuse this, because from now on, the game has already started," Su Shi stretched out his fingers and gave a hint. "The first stop of our game is in the Snowy Kingdom, I will be at Waiting for you there, if you can't find me within three days, I will go directly to the next stop, then you really may never find me."

Su Shi’s words are purely deliberately scaring Angel. He just wants to reduce the frequency of certain things, but he does not really want to abandon his lover.

After saying this, Su Shi’s figure disappeared in front of Angel. After a brief stunned, Angel quickly settled his mind and raised his lips. “Dear Allen, I will catch you. ”

For many years, Su Shi and Angel have been traveling in different fairy tale kingdoms.

They helped the omniscient mirror, escaped the sinister and sinister White Snow Queen, and waived the tragic fate of having to answer the brain problems every day.

They helped the cursed prince to change from an ugly frog back to a handsome look, freeing the tragic fate of having to marry a superficial princess.

They helped the little swan to return to the swan mother's arms before breaking the shell, eliminating the tragic fate of being bullied by other animals and being rejected by the mother.

......

They did a lot of different things, occasionally going back to the sea, swinging the slender fishtail and swimming the bottom of the sea.

They chase each other and play with each other until a short life comes to an end.

"Do you know? This is the most unreasonable world I have ever experienced. Everything seems ridiculous." Su Shi and Angel lay side by side on a huge reef with a soft voice.

Angel's golden scorpion shines in the moonlight: "Is it?"

"But it is also the most colorful world. We have seen many landscapes that are not available elsewhere." Su Shi looked down at his legs and chuckled. "I even made a mermaid. ”

Angel stroked Su Shi’s hand and had no strength to say anything.

Su Shi hardly came over and printed a kiss on the corner of Angel: "Thank you, let me see such a beautiful scenery."



Arc 8: Spreading IQ For Starcraft

 In a void space, the ball comfortably closes to Su Shi, and swayed: "The host is not to be sad, you can see the man again soon, then what kind of mission world are you going to choose?" ”

Su Shi lowered his eyes, opened the parcel and looked at the world's brighter and brighter pieces of debris. He looked at the items he brought from the last fairy tale world, and slightly raised his mouth: "Star mermaid, how is this world background?" kind?"

"Hey, the host, you are because you haven't done enough mermaid in the fairy tale world, so you choose this mission world background?" The ball stunned his own host.

"Of course not. I just think that since I brought things out, I always have to use them." After Su Shi’s simple explanation, he directly hammered the words, "The next mission world, the interstellar mermaid."

"Okay!" The ball immediately searched for the mission world that met Su Shi's requirements, and immediately placed the optional squad task in front of him. "There are three characters to choose from here. Which one do you prefer?"

The three roles are unaccompanied disabled fish, poor mermaid who are tortured to death by the adopters, and a foolish mermaid with a slow IQ.

Su Shi stared at these three options for a while, and some helplessly said: "I don't seem to need a choice at all, the second one."

"Okay, then we will immediately transfer to the next mission world." The ball also feels a little embarrassed, but every time the quest role seems to be the case, it is getting used to it.

A burst of white light flashed, Su Shi closed his eyes subconsciously, and when he opened the dice again, the scene in front of him had completely changed.

The tall glass cabinets filled with water are erected in a large white space, which is cold and orderly. There is a mermaid in every huge glass cabinet.

These mermaids vary in size, and the color and hair color of the fishtails are also different. Some of them are swinging with the fishtails slowly swimming, while others are sleeping with their eyes closed at the bottom of the glass jar, and some are squatting. The glass-like eyes looked timidly outside the glass cabinet.

After observing the surrounding environment, Su Shi looked down at her body. He was also a member of many mermaids. He had a cyan fish tail that was almost transparent, just like in the fairy tale world.

"Hosted adults, do you want to accept the mission story now?" The soft voice of the ball came around.

Su Shi nodded, closed his eyes and began to look at the main story of the mission world, as well as the memory of the original Lord.

This world is a very cliché background of the interstellar mermaid. The mermaid is used as a special fertility tool. It lives in the mermaid science and technology research institute. It is only when it is old that it is possible to leave this cold place.

However, the way they left was only adopted by human beings as a fertility tool, from a large cage to a small cage.

If you encounter a benevolent owner, the mermaid may be able to survive safely, but if you encounter some violent people, you will suffer a lot more crimes.

The original Lord Lyle was a tragic mermaid. He was adopted by a major general of the army at the age of eighteen.

At the beginning, the attitude of the young general to treat him was not bad, but as time went by, his tyrannical nature gradually showed up. If he was slightly unsatisfactory on weekdays, he would ruthlessly attack Lyle and beat him to bruises. It has even flowed through production.

In such a desperate life, Lyle was tortured to become thinner and eventually died in the hands of the owner, ending a short and tragic life.

But for this world, Lyle is just a trivial mermaid. No one in his life and death will go to too much. At most, he just sighs as a post-meal talk.

Because this is an unfair world, mankind rules the whole world, and mermaid is just an accessory without any status. They can only live without dignity and freedom. Even if they desperately want to escape, they simply cannot escape. .

But in such a totally unfair world, there are also some human beings who are making their own efforts for the freedom of mermaid.

They advocate equal status and peaceful coexistence between humans and mermaid. They want to find the true meaning of mermaid survival, but these people are obviously only a small part of the whole human being. Their efforts are very insignificant, and even Leading to the disaster of killing.

The male lord Yaheng is one of the very few. He became a military general at the age of twenty-five. He is the youngest general of the military. He should have an infinitely bright future, but because he proposed to have fish. Freedom and self-esteem related remarks, and were suppressed by ruthlessness.

Even so, Yaheng has not given up his insistence. However, it is sad that such persistence did not bring him any glory. Instead, he was maimed by his peers and died young.

After reading the original plot, Su Shi sighed: "This time it is also very bad."

"Yes...Yes," the voice of the ball is inexplicable. It sees that Su Shi doesn't look down any more, but has to slap the bullet and remind him, "Host the adults, do you want to look at this main line mission?"

Su Shi looked down and looked at the past. The face suddenly wrote three black lines. I saw that the main line task was written: Let the man clean the fishtail 100 times for you, and increase the IQ value of the man by 1% each time.

The setting of this mission world is completely different from the previous fairy tale world. In the fairy tale world, it is impossible for anything different in species to happen.

But in this mission world, humans can directly smash with the mermaid, so cleaning the fishtail in the main line task is obviously not pure.

Su Shi calmly smashed the ball and said: "The ball is really getting dirty."

"This is this...this is really not my business!" The ball has a feeling of lying and shooting. Although it does check some information, it is still the pure ball. what.

Su Shi smiled a little, and was about to continue to make a round ball. Then he saw a gap in the white wall not far away. The gap became bigger and bigger, and finally turned into a door shape.

The whole process was without any sound, but the mermaids in the glass cabinets were frightened by the collective and began to stir up.

The middle-aged man in a white coat walked in first, followed by a young man in a military uniform.

"The Major General, the mermaid here is the best quality in the entire research institute. Not only is the appearance better, the color of the fishtail is more beautiful, and the fertility is also the highest." The middle-aged man opened his mouth with a smile.

The young man behind him walked two steps forward, revealing a handsome face with a faint sigh of relief. His gloomy eyes looked for a circle on the glass cabinet and shocked the mermaids.

They have gone to the bottom of the glass cabinet, trying to shrink their bodies and not want to be discovered by the other party.

Ai Wen regained his gaze, with a bit of dissatisfaction and contempt: "The courage of these mermaids is too small? I just took a look, they scared it."

Middle-aged men can only laugh with laughter: "These mermaids have never seen the outside world after all, and the courage is smaller and normal. What's more, the younger ones don't expect to go out with them in the future? But it is the tool used to give birth. Look good, can't you listen to it?"

"You are right, the most important thing is to obey." Ai Wen smiled, his eyes flashed a bloodthirsty light.

In a short sentence, the poor mermaids were scared to death. Every time they came in, they reacted like this, but no one would understand and understand them.

These humans only looked at them with the eyes of picking up the goods, and eventually took one of their kind. They didn't know where their kind was taken, only that all the people who left here didn't come back.

So they will be so scared, afraid that the next one will be taken away.

Ai Wen is no exception. He looks at the mermaid in these glass cabinets like a cargo. Looking at the past, with obvious contempt and intimidation, his mouth is still muttering: "Which one is What is the most cute and lovely mermaid?"

The black military boots stepped on the ground against the light, making a cold sound, and each sounded like stepping on the hearts of the mermaids.

Su Shi looked at Ai Wen with a cold eye. The ball has already reminded him that this person is the former general who adopted the original master and is the chief culprit in the torture of the original owner.

For this person, Su Shi will certainly not let go, he is just thinking about how to punish this person.

When Ai Wen passed by himself, Su Shi suddenly swam upstream, and his thin hands clasped the edge of the glass cabinet: "Are you human?"

Ai Wen's cold scorpion swept over, and after seeing the black and clear scorpion of Su Shi, he saw that the other party did not dodge him. He couldn't help but flash a hint of interest, as if he had seen something interesting.

"Yes, I am human." Ai Wen replied with a smile.

Su Shi blinked and looked innocent: "So, are we the same kind?"

"Of course not, you are just human slaves, or a fertility tool." Ai Wen answered maliciously.

Su Shi was not scared by the words of Ai Wen, but blinked again: "So you mean that the mermaid is a slave to humanity, is it?"

"You understand it right, cute mermaid." Ai Wen couldn't help but smile, but there was always a bit of malice in his smile.

Su Shi also smiled, and his smile was pure: "So if all human beings become mermaids, all mermaids become human beings, and human beings will become slaves of mermaid?"





 After hearing this sentence, Ai Wen’s expression finally had a few unspeakable changes. His gloomy scorpion decided to look at Su Shi. After a while, he hangs a sneer: “The idea is for mermaid. It’s good, but unfortunately it’s impossible to be a reality.”

Su Shi smiled with a bent eye and looked simple and confident: "A lot of things are impossible before people become a reality."

Evan finally couldn't help but glance at Su Shi and lifted his foot and went on. He obviously didn't intend to pick this mermaid back like the original plot.

Su Shi is not angry, but it seems to be in a good mood. Although this person is really annoying, but Su Shi will not care about him for the time being.

Ai Wen turned around in front of a row of glass cabinets, and finally stopped in front of a mermaid with a light green fishtail, and looked into the glass cabinet.

The poor little mermaid was scared and shivered, desperately shrinking back, but the glass cabinet had only a large space, and he couldn’t hide the sullen bloodthirsty eyes of Ai Wen.

"Little cute, what is your name?" Ai Wen appreciatively looked at the little mermaid's eyes full of fear, and asked his mouth.

The little mermaid was scared and couldn't even say anything, or the middle-aged man behind Ai Wen was pleased to say: "His name is Jones, he is 19 years old. He is a very obedient cute mermaid, and the fertility rate has reached 31.5%."

Ai Wen chuckled, still in the direction of the little mermaid: "Look at the fact that you are so obedient, then I am today..."

When Ivan’s words were not finished, the whole space suddenly fell into a darkness. Ivan’s words turned a corner and became an unpleasant accusation: “What is going on? The mermaid research institute actually Will this low-level situation occur?"

The middle-aged man did not expect that there would be a sudden power outage accident, rubbing the cold sweat from his forehead and saying: "I am really sorry, Major General, this situation has never happened, I am here. Go and see what is going on."

"Fast roll!" In the voice of Ai Wen, it was difficult to cover up the anger. The institute suddenly suddenly lost power at this time, which seemed to be deliberately embarrassing him.

The middle-aged man responded with a sprint and left, but he had not had time to reach his destination, and the surrounding area suddenly became brighter, and the power supply had apparently returned to normal.

The middle-aged man snorted and thought about whether he would ask the past and then he heard a scream.

That is the voice of Major General Ai Wen!

The middle-aged man jumped in the corner of his eyes and hurried back, and when he returned to the mermaid selection room to see the situation of Ai Wen at this time, he could not help but widen his eyes in horror.

On the white floor, Ai Wen was screaming in pain. The most frightening thing was that although the face was indeed Ai Wen, his body had a gray fish tail!

The middle-aged man’s forehead jumped uncontrollably. He wanted to make a scream to ease the shock and fear of his heart, but the eyes of the blind man seemed to be blocked by something, so that he could not make it completely. Any sound.

It was at this time that a light and lively voice suddenly came over: "Oh, this is really interesting. A human being has really turned into a mermaid, but he looks a little too ugly. I really don't want him to join us. It."

The middle-aged man looked at the past with a conditioned reflex. He saw that the blue-tailed mermaid that had been open before was looking at himself with a smile and a smile.

Under such gaze, the middle-aged man finally screamed uncontrollably and fell to the ground with trembling.

When the other people of the mermaid research institute came over through the surveillance system, the middle-aged man and Ai Wen were already in a coma. One of them was scared, and the other was tormented by the pain of the whole body.

Although the situation in the mermaid selection room has been monitored through monitoring, when the staff actually saw the fish tail on Ai Wen, they were still scared.

"President, this... what should I do?" The staff looked at the dean of the institute who had come together.

The dean's face is also very ugly, but he must not show panic at this time, can only sigh: "Don't hurry to send General Ai Wen to the hospital, this time things must be kept secret!"

When the staff member hurriedly sent Ai Wen away, the dean looked around in the mermaid selection room, and then he turned to the black scorpion that Su Shi smiled.

"President, Major General Ai Wen has turned into a mermaid, you must be very happy?" Su Shi very slowly gave the dean a soft smile in his smile. "Because of this, you have more An object that can be used for experimentation."

The dean's face changed dramatically in an instant, and he blinked for a few seconds, then turned and left in panic.

The dean of the institute is not a good person. He not only made great contributions to restricting the freedom of mermaid, but also opened a mermaid research base in the underground of the laboratory. Many of the experiments were directed at living mermaid.

If the great general of Ai Wen, who had tortured the original Lord in the original plot and was lucky enough to be the first to change from human to mermaid, then the dean of the institute deserved to be the second lucky one. Because he is definitely a public enemy of all mermaid.

And this happened in the middle of the night of the same day. When Avon was examined in the hospital for a full-scale inspection and was finally confirmed that his body had completely transformed into adult fish, he was lying on his bed and turning to the back. A familiar scream was heard.

He felt his body seem to be ruthlessly torn by something, and endless pain came from all over the body, just as his body was completely broken and reorganized.

And when he finally got rid of this ruthless pain, he was shocked to find that his legs turned into a gray mermaid tail!

The dean of the institute sighed with a sigh of earth and once again fainted.

In the morning of the next morning, the babysitter’s babysitter prepared breakfast, waited for half an hour, and did not see the dean, so he dared to knock on his door, and then he discovered the mermaid research institute. The dean turned into a terrible fact of a mermaid.

In just two days, two people have turned from human beings to human merits. This incident immediately caught the attention of many people. Even if they didn’t know who they were, they posted this on the Internet, making these two things even more troublesome. It’s going to be boiling.

Some people are shocked and worried about this, and they worry that they will have such a day. But more people are happy to see it. After all, the number of mermaids is much thinner than the number of human beings. It is often too rare to apply for adoption of mermaid. They are all soldiers who have made military achievements, and the vast majority of ordinary people have no chance to contact mermaids.

Now there is a case of human beings becoming mermaids. Does this mean that this situation will gradually become the norm, and the proportion of mermaid will gradually increase. Is there more and more people who can adopt mermaid?

However, no matter what the outside voice is, the two parties as the parties are still in a state of near collapse.

"This is impossible! This must be fake! How can I become a mermaid!" Because it has become a mermaid, it requires a lot of water. At this time, Ai Wen was placed in a huge swimming pool, and he was angry. Roaring, while struggling to beat his own fishtail, his eyes are red.

The medical staff standing by the pool didn't know what to say. They could only say the results of the physical examination again: "Mr. Ai Wen, according to your physical examination results, you are indeed a mermaid."

"Impossible! You must have made a mistake!" Ai Wen patted the pool again, and the splashed water dampened the clothes of several people on the shore, but they dared not to speak.

After a lot of trouble, Ai Wen was finally tired. He leaned back in the pool and slowly sank into the water. Unexpectedly, his face suddenly appeared with a pure smile and his face was forbearing. I can’t stop my heart.

"So if all human beings become mermaids, all mermaids become human beings, and human beings will also become slaves to mermaid?"

Ai Wen opened his eyes in an instant and floated on the water. He was angry at the people on the side of the pool: "It must be a research institute! It must be what the people of the mermaid research institute have done to me. Go and show me the dean." Come, I want to see him!"

Of course, he doesn't think that he has become a mermaid. It is the nuisance of the mermaid, but it is very likely that the other party has heard relevant remarks in other populations before they can say that strange words. .

Moreover, under the current level of technology, how could there be a sudden power failure? The situation at the time was too embarrassing, and he could not allow him to think too much.

However, the next moment, several people standing by the pool at the same time showed a sly expression.

"Don't you hear me? Hurry up and find him. This must be his conspiracy!" Ai Wen snarled again in anger.

Several people at the pool side looked at each other. One of them used the scalp to open the door: "Mr. Ai Wen, we may not be able to invite the dean now, because last night, the dean of the Merlion Institute became like you. Mermaid."

Ai Wen’s expression stayed for a moment, and he groaned for a few seconds. It’s only come back, and the expression is weird: “You...what are you talking about?”





 When Yaheng learned about this, things had passed for a whole day. He was reading the important documents and gazing at himself, and looked at his subordinates: "The Dean of the Irvine and Mermaid Research Institute." Has it turned into a mermaid?"

"Yes, the general, this happened one day before, the first to become a mermaid is Major General Ai Wen. He was selecting the adopted mermaid in the mermaid research institute, and the accident suddenly occurred." The subordinate Zheng focused his head and described in detail "I have already tried to retrieve the surveillance video of the mermaid research institute during that time. At that time, the entire mermaid research institute suddenly had a total blackout. In less than two minutes, the electricity was restarted, but at that time Major General Aiwen had become a Mermaid."

Yaheng put his hands on the table and asked: "What happened to the dean of the Merman Research Institute?"

"He became a mermaid in his own home that night. Because it is a private residence, we can't directly call the surveillance video in the house, so the details are unknown." The subordinates replied seriously.

Yaheng nodded thoughtfully, Shen Sheng: "Follow this matter, any progress is always reported to me."

"Yes," the subordinate should have not left after a sentence, and after a little hesitation, he said, "Admiral, there is one thing that may not be related to this matter, but it makes people care."

"What?" Yaheng regained his gaze on the important documents in front of him.

The subordinates spent another two seconds before they said: "Before General Ai Wen became a mermaid, before the mermaid research institute completely cut off power, there was a mermaid who had said something strange to him."

“What did he say?” Yaheng raised his eyebrows because the mermaid lived in the mermaid research institute at an early age. The temper is often weak and timid, and there is very little chance that mermaid will actively communicate with humans.

"His original words are," the subordinate said in a word, "So if all human beings become mermaids, all mermaids become human beings, and human beings will also become slaves of mermaid?"

After this sentence was finished, Yaheng’s gaze was fixed. He was silent for a long time and suddenly stood up: “I am going to the mermaid research institute.”

At the same time as Yaheng’s departure, the ball has been reported to its own host: “The host, the man is now rushing to the mermaid research institute, it should be to see you.”

"I know," Su Shi said after a faint sentence, he turned to continue to educate other mermaids. "Do you think your life is very good now? The scope of daily activities is only such a small glass jar, even after leaving the mermaid study. The hospital can only live in the so-called owner's home, and let the other party be at the mercy of the other. There is no freedom and dignity in this life."

The rows of little mermaid eyes fell on Su Shi, but their expressions were a bit puzzling, because no one had ever said this to them, and they never had such an idea.

Are mermen born not to help humans progeny?

Shouldn't the mermaid listen to the owner's words, do you know how to be sensible?

The concept that they have received from small to large is like this. This kind of brainwashing education has long since ruined their true ideas.

Therefore, now when they hear Su Shi’s remarks, they can’t express other expressions besides feeling stunned and confused.

At this time, Su Shi had a sorrowful feeling of anger, but the reason why these mermaids would become like this is entirely because of the intentional guidance of human beings, and the feeling in the heart has become a misfortune.

"You should have seen it before, human beings can become mermaids, so it can be inferred that mermaid can also become human," Su Shi thought for a moment, can only directly enlarge the move, and he does not care about himself. Whether the logic in the speech is correct is so very positive. "Since you think that human beings should be the masters of mermaid, then suppose we all become human beings, and human beings become mermaids. Follow it upside down?"

The little mermaid, look at me, I look at you, I feel that Su Shi’s words are not wrong.

Su Shi continued to follow the trend: "So, as long as we are willing, mermaid can also become the dominant and master, and this is very reasonable."

The little mermaids look at me again, I look at you, nod and agree.

When Yaheng came to the Mermaid Institute and walked into the mermaid selection room, he saw that the mermaid of the cyan fishtail was brainwashing other mermaid.

Therefore, even if he did not see the video, Yaheng recognized his goal in the first time.

He stepped forward to the little mermaid, who was cute and sounded, and the sound of the military boots on the ground was clear, but it did not seem to attract the attention of the little mermaid.

Until he was only less than a metre away from the glass cabinet, the blue-tailed mermaid stopped and turned his head to face him.

"This gentleman, are you coming to pick the mermaid to take home?" Su Shi smiled very happy, his voice was full of smiles. "What do you think of me? Although I am not well-behaved, Not obedient, but I am the best for you."

Yaheng’s deep scorpion stared at Su Shi tightly. After a long sound, he opened his voice with a deep voice: “Since you are neither well-behaved nor obedient, how can it be best for me? Isn’t the mermaid research institute always Do you respect the mermaid that is well-behaved?"

"What does the Merman Research Institute respect and what do we have to do with it?" Su Shi blinked innocently and was very confident. "I feel that I am the best for you anyway. Of course, you are definitely the best for me. Don't you think so?"

"I didn't think so before," Yaheng's nephew seemed to be a bit deeper. "But now, maybe you are right."

Su Shi smiled and corrected: "Not maybe, it is certain."

This made Yaheng’s mouth finally slowly evoke a shallow arc: “You are right.”

"So you decided to take me home?" Su said with his eyes on Yaheng.

After a moment of silence, Yaheng solemnly nodded: "Yes, I intend to take you home."

In fact, Yaheng’s status in the military and his merits have long been qualified to adopt a mermaid, but he has never done so.

Yaheng has always advocated the freedom and equality of mermaid, so even if he knows that if he adopts a mermaid, he will be very good to the other party, and he still does not intend to do so.

But now that I saw this blue-tailed mermaid, he suddenly felt that if he could adopt a lovely mermaid to go home and let him see himself only every day, it seemed to be very good.

However, the cute little mermaid gave him a quick blow: "You are willing to adopt me, I am really happy, but now I am afraid I can't go with you."

“Why?” The curvature of Yaheng’s mouth disappeared instantly.

"Because I can't leave other mermaids, they don't understand anything at the moment, they can't take care of themselves." Su Shi's eyes swept over other glass cabinets, and the black eyes brought a little sadness. "Now they, I don’t even know what I can do in the future."

Yaheng has been working hard for the freedom of mermaid. Naturally, this issue has also been considered. On the road to letting people gain freedom and dignity, there is a very difficult point, that is, the mermaid itself.

The saddest thing about this is that you want to give him freedom and dignity, but he doesn't know how to fight, and he doesn't know how to cherish it.

He knows that this can't be blamed on the mermaid, but it is also a language that makes him feel very helpless.

"So your plan is?" Yaheng looked at Su Shi deep.

"Let them understand their situation, know what they should do, and understand how to live in the future," Su Shi said here, laughing and reaching for his thin white chest. "These things, the generals can be assured." give me."

After hearing this, Yaheng’s gaze narrowed slightly: “Do you know my identity?”

Su Shi blinked and was close to the glass wall: "Admiral, you put your ears together."

After a few seconds, Yaheng turned his face to the side and put his ear close to the glass wall.

A thin layer of glass across the wall, Su Shi's thin lips are attached to Yaheng's ear: "I not only know your identity, I know what you want to do, and I can help you."

Yaheng left the glass wall and looked at Su Shi with an inquiry. Although this lovely mermaid is very popular with him, it does not mean that he will fully trust him unconditionally: "How do you know all this?"

"Of course, because my identity is very special, it was the mermaid prince of ancient times who sent me to save the entire mermaid." Su Shi did not change his face and lied, and took the setting of the last mission world as a back. Blocking the shield, "So I still know a lot of things, including some two human beings who become mermaids."

These words sounded like jokes, but let Yaheng's pupils shrink again, his mind instantly showed countless problems, but for a moment he did not know where to ask.

"I don't want to go to the generals. In fact, my initial plan to come here is to turn all human beings into mermaids, and then turn all the mermaids into human beings. This will not only punish and torture humans to the greatest extent, but also make people fish. The fate of the present," said Su Shi’s gaze on Yaheng’s face and smiled. “But now, I have changed my mind.”





 Yaheng did not speak, just staring at Su Shi, Su Shi did not feel embarrassed at all, and continued to swing leisurely on the fish tail: "Dear Admiral, for you, I changed my mind, I decided to continue to do a The mermaid is good."

“Don't I feel so honored?” Yaheng couldn’t help but laugh, and the profound facial features became softer because of such goodwill.

"Of course, there are very few people who can get my favor." Su Shi slightly lifted the delicate chin, quite a bit of a taste.

Yaheng’s smile was lightened a little after hearing this sentence. He asked like an unintentional question: “Who is the one who has won your favor besides me?”

Su Shi blinked blindly: "Besides you, of course you are, only you."

Yaheng’s eyes couldn’t help but flash: “What is your name?”

"Dear Admiral, my name is Lyle, you can also call me dear, or baby." Su Shi squinted slightly.

"Lair, do you think I should believe what you just said?" Yaheng’s heart jumped, but on the surface he only thought that he had not heard the words behind Su Shi.

Yaheng leaned in front of the glass cabinet, the movement seemed to be random, but the body still exudes a strong and heavy atmosphere. Obviously he did not really believe Su Shi’s words.

Su Shi did not be affected at all. Instead, he scorned the tail of Yaheng with a bit of contempt, and with a pitiful taste, he said: "General, I am telling the truth, whether it is about my identity and The mission, or the scope of your name to me, if you refuse to believe, I have no way."

Yaheng’s gaze swept through Su Shi’s body and eventually fell on his tip of the tail that was swinging around. The tip of his tail shook like this, shaking it and shaking it.

"I know that the freedom that the general wants to give to the mermaid is the freedom that is truly equal to human beings. This freedom and equality will not make the status of the mermaid become human, and it will not be because of human beings becoming human beings. And become a new object of control," Su Shi once again joined Ah Heng's ear, gently speaking in a near-enchanting voice, "Admiral must be very clear, want to achieve such freedom and equality, there is How hard, but since this is your wish, I will definitely help you."

Separated by a glass wall, the eyes of the two men were tight, and Su Shi’s throat was clear, but Yaheng’s eyes were as deep as the sea.

For a long time, Yaheng finally said: "If you want to help me achieve a wish, then what is your feasible plan now?"

"Of course we must first let some hateful human beings get enough lessons. After all, only after experiencing the same thing can they realize profoundly how sinful and sinful they are in the past." Su said, grinning and complaining. Replied.

“After this?” Yaheng asked in a thorough manner.

"After this, I have to reverse the thoughts of the mermaids and let them understand that they are not born to have a low status, and it is not so called to give birth to human beings." For Su Shi, this is the opposite. It is even harder. After all, he can directly turn mankind into a mermaid with witch medicine, but it is difficult to manually reverse the idea that mermaid is severely imprisoned.

In particular, he wants the fish to re-establish a peaceful world view in which humans and mermaids are equal to each other, rather than simply rudely letting them crush people.

For Su Shi, the former is indeed much more difficult than the latter.

Yaheng nodded and held his chin. "You have some truth, but you don't seem to have said the most crucial place."

"I know the most crucial question is how to make people fish their own social value. After all, this is the only way to really make them stand firm." Su Shi raised an eyebrow and bent the slender fish tail slowly. But in fact, this problem is actually a good solution. As long as the mermaid can put away its own fishtail and go out, they can naturally work and live like human beings."

This understatement made Yaheng's gaze narrow. He looked directly at Su Shi and said very seriously: "Can you really turn the mermaid's tail into two legs?"

"Of course, since I can turn human legs into fishtails, there are naturally ways to turn the fishtail's fishtail into human legs." Su Shi proudly raised his chin, and the dark voice flashed a little.

"That thing is what you did." Yaheng slightly narrowed his eyes, and a little chill in the narrow throat.

Su Shi was not scared by his momentum at all. Instead, he pressed against the glass wall. "Yes, of course, that thing is what I did, and only I can turn their fishtails into legs, just me. Not going to do this."

Yaheng looked at Su Shi for a while and looked at it for a while. The atmosphere in the entire mermaid selection room became serious and dignified. After a while, Yaheng said with a word: "You did... ...very right."

After hearing such a response, Su Shi was slightly stunned, then smiled and smiled: "Of course, I am very smart."

"Then you will continue to stay here next time?" Yaheng slowly put away the momentum of the body, and the tone became lighter.

Although Yaheng did not directly express his attitude, his changes are enough to explain the problem. Although there may be some doubts about Su Shi’s statement, he has at least chosen to believe in Su Shi.

Su Shi reluctantly put a fishtail and sighed: "Yes, what about them?"

Yaheng’s face did not show any emotions, but his heart was actually a little unhappy. He rarely gave birth to the thought of bringing a mermaid home, but he could not bring the fish home immediately.

Like seeing Yaheng’s thoughts, Su Shi smiled and said: “Is there any reluctance to admire me? You can rest assured that this matter will be solved soon, so you will be able to take me home soon. La."

"I just worry that you will be suspected by others. After all, the Merlion Research Institute is not a transparent and fair place." Yahengkou is not authentic, but this is not a lie, even though this little mermaid looks very It’s amazing, but he’s really worried about each other.

Su Shi opened his mouth and revealed his white teeth: "The general will be relieved. These are a piece of cake for me. I don't need to worry at all, because I have always been bullying others, and no one else can bully me. ""

"What about me?" Probably infected by Su Shi's relaxed tone, Yaheng asked badly.

After Su Shi stunned for a moment, he reacted. His mind suddenly recalled some discordant shots. The white face suddenly gave birth to a blush. He reluctantly glanced at Yaheng: "Is it the meaning of the general?" Is that you are willing to bully me?"

Yaheng touched his nose and did not speak. The door of the mermaid selection room gradually enlarged at this time.

Yaheng immediately put away the expression on his face, his hands in the pockets of the military pants and walked to the side. The staff of the Merlion Research Institute soon appeared. It was seen that Yaheng was aimlessly moving back and forth between the glass cabinets. Scenes.

He also had a chance to speak in the future, and he heard that Yaheng first made a humane approach: "I didn't mean that when I picked the mermaid, I wouldn't allow anyone to bother?"

The staff whispered: "I didn't mean to bother you, but General Yaheng, the mermaid selection room is very important for the research institute and cannot be monitored and isolated for a long time."

Ya Heng nodded his staff and glanced at the staff and saw the other person's cold sweat. When the staff was about to open their mouths softly, Yaheng suddenly lifted his foot and went outside.

Just before leaving the door, Yaheng handed a look to Su Shi very concealed. The meaning was very clear. It was the meaning of "waiting for me to pick you up."

Su Shi smiled at him and returned a look.

Not long after Yaheng left, there were several staff members who walked into the mermaid selection room and walked straight to the glass cabinet where Su Shi was.

Several staff members turned a few laps in front of the glass cabinet. They were about to push out the glass cabinets of Su Shi. Seeing Su Shi, who had just had no movements, suddenly licked his tail and put his hands on the glass cabinet.

At the same time, Su Shi’s face slowly emerged with a strange smile, and lowered his voice: “Have you heard that?”

Several staff members were a little worried about this smile. For a time, I didn’t know what to do. Su Shi had already said: “It’s the story of Major General Ai Wen and the Dean of the Institute becoming a mermaid. You heard that Yet?"

The next few staff members are not only more embarrassed, but they are still starting to go out in the air. Why do they suddenly feel a bit cold?

Su Shi blinked, obviously a very naughty movement, but in the eyes of these people, it has a strong and strange atmosphere: "You...what do you want to say?"

"I just want to tell you that the reason why the two people will become mermaids is what I did." Su Shi smiled.

Several staff members suddenly opened their eyes and looked at Su Shi with an unsuspecting look in a panic. The slightly open mouth seemed to have forgotten how to make a sound.

"Ha ha ha..." I saw these people scared into such a few words. Su Shi couldn’t help but laugh. The crisp voice sounded through the entire mermaid selection room. "You are so deceived, even this I believe in words, hahahaha..."






 The faces of several staff members were suddenly covered with black lines, and they felt a little tired that they had just been scared by this delicate little mermaid.

They were about to continue to move, and they heard Su Shi suddenly put away laughter, and again with a strange voice very slowly said: "In fact, I just said that I was joking with you, the two people will become mermaids, It’s all I do.”

This time, the staff naturally would no longer believe in Su Shi’s words and directly turned a blind eye to show their disdain.

Su Shi’s gaze swept through the staff of these staff members. One word and one sentence: “I really didn’t lie to you, and if you dare to move me, I will turn you into mermaids.”

A few staff members only said that this was a threat of no strength at all, and no matter what Su Shi was still saying, he directly pushed his glass cabinet out of the mermaid selection room and went to the examination room.

This is the command of the top. They are going to conduct a comprehensive inspection of the mermaid's body today and report the results to the dean who is in the hospital.

Thinking of the current situation of the dean, the expression on the faces of several people has become subtle.

At this time, in the military hospital, two gray fishtail mermaids were squatting at the two ends of the swimming pool. Ai Wen looked at the dean of the mermaid research institute with depression: "You are the dean of the mermaid research institute. How could things have nothing to do with you? Do you think I will believe in your ghosts?"

The dean's face was also ugly and scary. He gnashed his teeth and said: "Mr. Ai Wen, you see clearly, I am also a victim of this incident. How could this matter be related to me! I hope you will not continue to make troubles!"

"On the surface, you are indeed a victim, but who knows if you have done research that should not be done, will you be rewarded?" Ai Wen snorted, no matter how the other party explained, he still could not believe this It really has nothing to do with the research institute. "There is a timid study of the human being who turned human beings into mermaid!"

At this time, the dean did not know what to say. He could only smack his own fishtail and turned his back: "You may not believe me, but I hope that you are accusing me." First, come up with tangible evidence. The mermaid research institute has never done that kind of research, absolutely not!"

Although the two people looked at each other, they didn't want to stay in the glass cabinet that made them feel very humiliated, and they didn't want to stay in the bathtub of the bathroom. Therefore, they could only continue to look at the two sides of the pool for a while. Tired.

It was not until half an hour later that Su Shi’s physical examination results came out and the atmosphere between the two changed.

Looking at Su Shi’s physical examination results, the dean couldn’t help but frown. How could the mermaid’s body be normal, without any problems? !

In that case, the only thing that made a strange move was this mermaid, so how could he have no problem!

“Is there a problem with determining the results of the inspection?” Dean Shen asked the researcher who came to report the situation to him.

The researcher was very certain to nod. "There is no problem. We have given his body three comprehensive examinations. The results are the same every time. There is nothing abnormal about him."

The dean obviously couldn’t accept the conclusion. He was silent and didn’t talk anymore. Instead, Ai Wen, on the other side of the pool, sneered aloud: “The original dean’s idea from the beginning was to push it all over that. The mermaid, but the result does not seem to fit your heart."

The dean didn't have the heart to deal with Evan at this time, but Allen refused to let him go. When he saw the dean not talking, he became more and more ridiculous: "How can the dean not talk? Or, you are already thinking about it." How do you find the next scapegoat to solve this problem?"

"Mr. Ai Wen, I have just said it very clearly. This thing has nothing to do with me and the mermaid research institute!" The dean’s tone has obviously brought impatience, and a trace of anger, this person Is it a pig? In his current situation, how could this be what he did!

Ai Wen was sneer and sarcastically said: "No matter how you argue, I have been in the Academy and become a mermaid. Is this the dean always give me an account?"

"I am investigating this matter." The dean took the fishtail and whipped up the high water.

After another disappointment, the two finally returned to the ward...the bathroom, they are now mermaid, up to four hours a day to leave the water, other time must stay in the water.

Because Su Shi's physical examination results did not have any abnormalities, this made the Dean's investigation instantly fall into a dead end and completely lost his direction.

Even so, the Institute did not relax its vigilance against Su Shi. Now Su Shi is not only placed in a closed single space, but also has a special person staring at every moment to prevent him from making What is wrong with the move.

Su Shi seems to be quite honest. Even if she is isolated, there is no panic at all. Only in places where these staff members don't know, Su Shi actually communicates with the mermaids one-on-one every day.

Or to be more precise, Su Shi is now brainwashing these mermaids every day, trying to change some of the deep-rooted bad ideas in their minds.

After seven days of continuous brainwashing, this kind of brainwashing finally had essential progress and harvest. The little mermaid gradually accepted Su Shi’s statement that the existence of mermaid was not for fertility. The original mermaid could also create its own. The value of the original mermaid can also be completely different from the current state of life, the original ... they can still do so many things.

Things that I never dared to think about now seem to be slowly becoming acceptable, and even they can't help but hope and expect.

Only when these longings and expectations are slowly coming into being, their doubts and inferiority are becoming more and more serious because of this shock. They can't help but feel that these beautiful expectations may be just their imagination. Become reality.

How could Su Shi not notice their thoughts? But he did not dispel the doubts of these people from the very beginning. At that time, many mermaid ideas were not completely reversed at that time.

Second, often after deep fears, suddenly reverse the situation, it will make these mermaids feel excited and know how to cherish.

Therefore, after everyone’s thoughts have changed almost, Su Shi has helped everyone to dispel their worries and doubts at one time: “Are you worried that even if you have restored your freedom, you can’t live like humans? Free and easy?"

The mermaids have become accustomed to Su Shi, they just listen, this is also the request that Su Shi first put them, so even if the expression on the face of the mermaid has changed, no mermaid responds at this time.

Su Shi did not need their response. After a pause, he continued: "I have been telling you all the time that we can live as free as human beings, have dignity and value, but in fact, one thing is that I said wrong. ""

When I heard this, the face of the mermaid suddenly showed a nervous color, just like the dream of the heart is about to be broken.

"Although I am based on human beings, we must, as long as we are not human beings, we do not have to completely demand and plan ourselves according to human standards," Su Shi continued gently. "We are mermaids, our lives. It is the life of mermaid, we are taking the road of mermaid, we are not human."

After hearing these words, the little mermaid, who was worried about his face, gradually showed his meditation.

"So what we are going to do now is not to compare with humans, but even to transcend humanity. What we have to do is to live a life as a mermaid," Su Shi’s voice is still gentle, but more The power that people can't help but convince, "We are equal to human beings. They are no longer the factors that influence our lives, not a little bit."

Because of Su Shi’s words, the mermaid’s eyes gradually flashed the brilliance that never appeared.

They are just mermaids. They are not human beings. They don't need to feel inferior and annoyed because they can't surpass human beings. They don't need to be complacent because they can do what humans can do.

They do one thing only because they are a mermaid, so they can, will, and like to do it, not because it is related to humans.

"Of course, I don't want you to be an enemy of the whole mankind. After all, human beings can also be our friends," Su Shi paused for a while before continuing. "We can accommodate human beings, care for human beings, and even work with humans. But that's just because it's the object we value, just like we get along with the mermaid we like and struggle together. It has nothing to do with race."

The reason why Su Shi wants to make these words so clear is because this is probably the complete equality in Yahengkou. This is the final state he wants to see.

Su Shi smiled and made a final concluding speech: "So, never forget, we are mermaid."

Su Yan’s passionate speech finally came to an end, and at this time the mermaid selection room was being monitored, and the staff of the minor fish were inexplicably surprised.

Staff A: "What happened to these mermaids? How do you feel their expression suddenly enriched?"

Staff B: "And you found out? The mermaid's expressions seem to be surprisingly consistent, just like when you made an appointment."

Staff C: "These mermaids shouldn't have got any infectious diseases? If that's the case, then it's worse!"

Although these staff members did not grasp the correct answer to the question, they did their best to give these mermaids a physical examination again, and they were relieved if they had no problems.

Su Shi, who was the only one who did not receive this medical examination, had secretly started to contact Yaheng.







 "Dear Admiral, I have completed a very difficult step in the plan and ask for a reward!~(≧▽≦)/~" When this naughty message from where I did not know came from my communicator, Yaheng responded with a slight sigh, and his eyes could not help but show a little smile.

But how did he send this message over?

The mermaid in the mermaid research institute does not have the thing to wear a communicator, and the source of this communication is "unknown."

Unknown, this situation is very rare for Yaheng, who has a special communicator for the military.

Yaheng picked up his eyebrows and tentatively returned: "What steps?"

When the message was sent out for less than a minute, there was a new reply: "Isn't the general should not ask me what rewards I want?_(:з"∠)_"

After Yaheng just finished reading the message, he had not had time to reply, and the other party sent several messages in succession.

"But since the Admiral asked this question, then I would be very difficult to answer you. Very difficult steps, of course, to brainwash the lovely mermaid! Let them realize how wonderful the world is, how lovely the mermaid is, and the admiral is How handsome, of course, the last point is only for a fish in Lyle. ╮(╯▽╰)╭”

"I know that the Admiral will definitely ask me what rewards I want. Then I will answer it with a hard time. The reward I want is actually very simple. Let the Admiral bring me home quickly. (* /ω\*)"

"No general is around, but in just a few days, I have become thin like this. It looks really pitiful. Does the general think so?" The blue-tailed mermaid leans against the glass wall and faces the fans. Smile.jpg]"

"So dear Admiral, come and pick me up! ヾ(≧O≦)〃嗷~"

After reading these messages, Yaheng: "..." suddenly I don't know what to say.

I didn't wait for him to think about what kind of expression he should have, and sent a new message on the opposite side.

"But before that, we seem to have to discuss the next plan. In fact, my plan is very simple, but it is also very effective. Does the general want to hear it? *罒▽罒*"

Yaheng pressed his eyebrows and finally had a chance to reply with a word: "Think."

In less than a minute, his communicator received a new message: "But this plan is very self-willed, it only accepts face-to-face listening, so if the general wants to know, come to me soon. !╮(╯▽╰)╭"

"..." Yaheng sighed somewhat weakly, but his mouth twitched slightly. His hand clicked on the communicator, and the option to [delete] jumped out on the screen, but after a pause, Yaheng did not finally These information are deleted, but they are deeply encrypted.

Immediately after Yaheng stood up, he ordered his subordinates to prepare for the spacecraft and went to the Merlion Research Institute.

At this time, Su Shi is still in the mermaid research institute, but it has been completely isolated and is being closely monitored in all directions.

Yaheng also placed his own staff in the mermaid research institute. Therefore, he probably knew about Su Shi’s current situation, but he did not think that he was prevented by the mermaid research institute when he applied to see each other.

"Admiral Yaheng, I am really sorry, this mermaid has been booked by another officer, so he can't meet other people now." The staff spoke with a little regret.

Yaheng looked awkward and frowned. "When is this? When I came over a few days ago, this mermaid has not been reserved by anyone."

More importantly, he did not receive any relevant news at all. Is it because his staff placed here has not had time to report this matter to him, or is there another hidden feeling?

The icy momentum of Yaheng gave the staff a thick layer of cold sweat in front of him, but he had to harden his head and said: "That is... just yesterday, the officer will come over today to sign an agreement to adopt mermaid. ”

Yaheng sharply grasped the key points in the staff's words. Since it was booked yesterday, why not sign the adoption agreement directly yesterday, but have to wait until today?

It’s only a short day’s time, there should be no difference, so there is a good chance of this.

"So, now they have not officially signed an adoption agreement?" Yaheng asked a question.

The staff perceives Yaheng’s tough attitude and can only avoid it. “Although the adoption agreement has not been formally signed, the other party has already decided to adopt this mermaid. He has already said this to the staff in advance.”

"So he did not sign the adoption agreement, right?" Yaheng did not care about the attitude of the people in the mermaid research institute, and ignored the conspiracy contained in it. It was just a positive tone. "I only know that as long as there is no agreement, This mermaid is free and can be adopted by other people who are qualified to adopt mermaid."

Having said that, Yaheng Cold glanced at the staff: "So, I am going to adopt this mermaid now."

The staff subconsciously shrank their necks and wanted to refute them, but the other party said that it was indeed an explicit provision for adopting mermaid, which could not be refuted.

In desperation, the staff member can only ask for advice from his superiors. Soon, the vice president of the Merlion Research Institute appeared in front of Yaheng.

"Admiral Yaheng, I have already understood the situation just now," the vice president smiled and walked over to Yaheng, politely explaining. "It is like this. Just yesterday, another general has chosen this one." The mermaid named Lyle, just before signing the adoption agreement, the military suddenly had something to do, and he had to leave first. But before he left, he had already greeted the staff ahead of schedule. Come and sign the adoption agreement, so I am really sorry, I hope you can understand."

It is reasonable to say that Yaheng should at least ask the identity of the other party at this time, but the current situation is that no matter who the other party is and what purpose, Yaheng cannot make concessions on this matter, he is small. How can mermaid fall into the hands of others?

Therefore, for him, knowing the identity of the other party seems to be less important.

Of course, the most important thing is that Yaheng’s heart has already guessed the identity of the other party.

"I don't need your apology, because I won't understand your obvious violation of the rules," Yaheng refused to accept the dean, and insisted on his own attitude. "Since this mermaid is not yet Being adopted, then I will adopt him now, please ask the vice president to help me arrange it as soon as possible."

"Admiral Yaheng, are you too uncomfortable in this way?" The smile on the vice president's face was a bit stiff, but he had to hold back the temper. "There are a lot of well-behaved people in the mermaid research institute." Mermaid, if Admiral is eager to adopt a mermaid, he can choose among other mermaids."

"I shouldn’t be sympathetic to you. Is it right? A few days ago, I had chosen mermaid. I have already indicated with the staff that I intend to adopt this mermaid," Yaheng squinted. The deputy dean looked at him with a bit of dissatisfaction. "According to your logic, the mermaid should have belonged to me a few days ago, but after that, you intend to hand him over to others. Doesn't this seem too much?"

The vice-president was slightly stunned by the accusation that Yaheng suddenly turned, and then he asked more angrily: "How can I never know that this happened?"

The mermaid in the mermaid research institute is almost the yearning for everyone in the whole world. As the deputy dean of the mermaid research institute, he is almost always complimented and flattered by other people. He has not been popular for a long time!

"I don't even know about this incident. It seems that the vice president has to add another crime." Yaheng sneered in full swing, forcing the vice-president who was not angry enough to look at him. "When this happens, the vice president should do the most. Isn’t it the first time to find the staff who received me on the day to check the situation? If the situation is not ascertained, it will be forcibly denied. The vice president’s actions may be somewhat Not good."

The vice president was completely suppressed by Yaheng’s gas field, and he was completely unable to refute the contents of his words. An old face rose red, and for a long time, he only said: "I will forgive me, I am here. Just check it out."

At this time, Yaheng waved his hand and said with generosity: "Although I did mention the Lyle with the staff here, it was only a verbal agreement, and it did not meet the requirements of the Merlion Research Institute. I count, so I don’t account for this."

This is as if he is very generous, but it is also said that the adoption agreement of other populations cannot be counted, and the vice president is simply mad at this person.

Then, Yaheng said another sentence that directly vented the blood to the vice president: "Now, please ask the vice president to help me arrange the adoption of mermaid. I want to adopt the blue-tailed mermaid named Lyle. ”

So I was suppressed by this person's gas field and sweated, and I was mad at half, but nothing changed.

Then he is not white tossed!

The deputy dean is really going to vomit blood. He clenched his mouth tightly, and the upper and lower teeth couldn’t help but grind and grind, and then barely resisted the impulse to kill the abominable guy directly in front of him.

Yaheng did not notice anything, but instead frowned and asked: "What else does the vice president have?"

Of course he has something! The baby is bitter, but the baby can't say it, because the vice president is very clear, even if he said it, it will only make himself vomit more blood!

I knew that this person was so difficult. He had never used such an excuse before, so that he could not find another suitable reason to refuse Yaheng at one time.

However, the dean has specially smashed it. It is necessary to closely monitor the mermaid called Lyle. It must not let him fall into the hands of other people, especially the members of the mermaid freedom group. So what should he do now? !





 The deputy dean thought to go for a while, then barely came up with a lame excuse: "Admiral Yaheng, you may not be able to adopt this mermaid today. Recently, his body has some minor problems."

This excuse was too lame, and when the vice-president said it, the voice was somewhat uncontrollable.

Yaheng apparently did not eat this set, and the voice was cold and cold: "If I remember correctly, the vice president seems to have just said that if I didn't come over today, would another person come to adopt this mermaid? So here In this case, do you think I will believe in you?"

"This... this is also a sudden situation, the mermaid is just a sudden physical condition," the vice president wiped the cold sweat on his forehead, and the words were unfavorable. "I just didn't talk up." I also feel that it is not good to pass it out. If it is not necessary, I naturally do not want to say such things. Can the generals understand it?"

Even with this excuse, it seems that the Mermaid Institute really does not want to adopt this lovely mermaid, but the more so, the more Yaheng can not continue to leave Lyle here.

"I don't understand, I don't want to understand. I only know that if I haven't been able to adopt the mermaid within ten minutes, the mermaid research institute will undergo a comprehensive review by the military." Yaheng does not want to have more with the vice president. If you say anything and directly come up with a threat, "As for the reasons for the review, I remember that the Dean of the Merman Research Institute is still in the Military Hospital?"

Yaheng’s tone is obviously not a joke. Even if the vice-president is reluctant, he has to agree to it for the time being: “This... please wait a moment, I will go see the mermaid, maybe his The body has now recovered."

After the vice president withdrew, Yaheng immediately received a message from the unknown.

"Do you think people in the mermaid research institute are particularly annoying? I think so, so I really want to turn them into mermaid. ╮(╯▽╰)╭"

Yaheng thought about it and replied with a message: "Well, take your time. ^ω^"

"..." Su Shi looked at the information feedback from the ball. Some time I didn't know what to say. "He will sell Meng?"

The ball said with joy: "It’s a good thing to be an admiral, and the ability to learn to use it is really strong."

Su Shi thought for a moment and asked the ball to help him reply with a message: "I will wait for you to pick me up, oh yeah!~(≧▽≦)/~"

Less than five minutes later, the vice president appeared again in front of Yaheng: "Admiral Yaheng, the physical condition of the mermaid is now fully stabilized, and you can go through the adoption process now."

Yaheng nodded and went straight to the adoption room. The footsteps seemed to be a little rushed. The vice-president only thought that he was in a bad mood, and he would deliberately do so, but I don’t know that Yaheng is just anxious to try to be as early as possible. See his little mermaid.

When I arrived at the adoption room, Yaheng waited for two minutes, and then the two staff members walked in with a huge glass cabinet, and the glass cabinet was swinging its tail leisurely. It was the little mermaid that he had been thinking for for several days. .

In the past few days, although he did not visit Su Shi again, he has always let his subordinates pay attention to his situation. This is almost a miracle for Yaheng, who has no concern about his official duties and other things. Change.

Su Shi also saw Yaheng at this time. He waved his hand directly at Yaheng through the glass cabinet and opened his mouth and smiled: "You finally come to pick me up!"

Yaheng’s deep eyes fell on Su Shi’s body. He said with a steady and restrained voice: “I will pick you up.”

This is a side proof that Yaheng had already had the intention to adopt this mermaid before, and the vice president felt very ugly.

At the same time, the vice president couldn't help but carefully look at Su Shi. This mermaid seems to be a lot more lively than other mermaids. Even the dean has asked him to pay more attention to him. Now the general is named to adopt him. Is it true? Is there anything really amazing about him?

The deputy dean thought about it and started the adoption step.

Although mermaid has never had self-respect and freedom compared to human beings, humans have to distort the facts and describe the restrictions and control of mermaid as the protection, care, and even value of mermaid.

By the same token, human beings adopting mermaid, which has no respect for mermaid, has been made very solemn. It is not difficult to assess the strength of human beings. It is also necessary to read the mermaid adoption code and the mermaid care code on the spot. Only adopters agree. I will take care of the mermaid carefully in accordance with the requirements of the Code in order to successfully adopt the mermaid.

However, the deputy dean just began to read the adoption rules for adopting mermaid, and he listened to Su Shi’s impatiently patted the glass wall: “Don’t talk nonsense, let him take me away!”

When he just spoke, he was interrupted by a mermaid. The vice-president’s face instantly darkened. He was unhappy: “Lyle, what I am doing now is to protect your rights, please don’t make trouble.”

"Ah, this is quite nice, but can you really protect my rights?" Su Shi casually reached out and rubbed his ears, retorting unceremoniously, "You feel that even if you read This thing, the adopters will definitely do what you said? If they do not follow the requirements of the code, will you stop and sanction? Is the mermaid research institute dedicated to maintaining the adoption of mermaid? The institution of rights and interests? If the mermaid is wronged in the home of the adopter, how can he protect his own rights and interests? After all, what is the use of the so-called code that you have put out? But is it good to say it?"

The deputy dean was almost ruined by Su Shi’s series of questions and questions. This is really a bit polite. However, after each question was put out, the vice president actually felt speechless because the mermaid research institute It really can't do this!

In fact, this so-called adoption procedure is really only a means for human beings to shape their own image. But before that, at least no one or mermaid has questioned this matter and directly unveiled this layer of fig leaf.

Su Shi’s words made some of the staff members’ faces look ugly. Instead, they were Yaheng, who was adopted as a adopter. They only looked at Su Shi with a deep gaze, and even a faint smile was on the corner of his mouth.

After Su said this, he turned his gaze to Yaheng and asked with his head: "Is it wrong? I am a general."

"You are right," Yaheng stepped toward Su Shi and finally stopped in front of the glass cabinet. "So we are not going through the adoption process. I will take you home directly."

After that, Yaheng’s hand was directly pressed on a switch on the outside of the glass cabinet. After a soft bang, the glass wall of the glass cabinet slowly descended, and the water inside slowly flowed out, eventually the glass wall fell. Just did not have the height of the Suyu tail.

Su rubbed his eyes, rubbed his tail, and then extended his arms to Yaheng with a bright smile: "Admiral, hug me out."

Yaheng subconsciously reached out and touched Su Shi’s fingertips. It was a kind of slippery feeling with a cool touch, which made his heart feel a strange feeling.

Then the next second, Yaheng took back his hand again, and Su Shi couldn't help but frown. "Admiral, you haven't been home yet, have you started to dislike me?"

Yaheng did not rush to answer, but directly unbuttoned his military uniform, and then gently put his clothes on Su Shi’s body. He then slowly replied: “Of course not, I just worried about you. Will catch cold."

After that, Yaheng once again reached out and took Su Shi out of the glass cabinet. He passed Su Shi’s arm around him and held Su Shi’s back.

It is the junction of the fishtail and the skin. The cool, wet scales are connected with delicate and soft skin. When touched, there seems to be a strange current flowing through the fingertips, which makes Yaheng’s eyes more deep. .

Su Shi didn't know what Yaheng was thinking. At this time, he was holding it like this. Su Shi just habitually stretched out his arms around his neck, and then leaned his head on his shoulder, just like before.

Standing on the sidelines and watching this person a fish and non-stop show dear dean, the expression at this time has been extremely complicated, his face is red, white, and suddenly, in short, very exciting.

He really wants to get angry very much now, or directly to drive this person out of the fish, but the fact is that he can't do anything but watch.

Yaheng steadily held Su Shi to the face of the wonderful deputy dean, and the expression on his face instantly changed back to the decisive admiral: "I just signed the mermaid adoption agreement, now I take him gone."

After all, Yaheng completely took his own fish and walked out of the way, no matter what the vice president reacted.

Su Shi also took the opportunity to poke in the face and made a face to the vice-president who was already mad at the gas: "Goodbye, poor fellow."

The vice president took a few deep breaths in front of him, and he barely let himself be stunned by the two guys. This drama is almost impossible to play, he has to apply for a work-related injury!

Perceived Su Shi’s movement, Yaheng chuckled and tapped his finger on Su Shi’s waist: “Naughty.”

Su Shi twisted her waist, and the whole fish, like a bone, was on Yaheng. He put his head on Yaheng’s shoulder and blew his head toward his ear: "Where, I know. So embarrassing."





 Ya Heng was tight, and the pace under his feet was subconsciously paused. Then he lifted his feet and continued to move forward. Su Shi smirked and continued to squat on Yaheng’s neck.

A few minutes later, Yaheng, who left the mermaid research institute, gently and carefully put Su Shi into the suspended spaceship. He just sat in the other side of the spacecraft, and Su Shi was very uncomfortable leaning against him, holding a pair. The slick clear eyes stared at him: "Admiral, I don't want to sit alone, can I sit on your lap?"

Yaheng’s throat was rolling uncontrollably, and he looked down at Su Shi with a deep gaze. He said with a low voice: “Yes.”

Su Shi climbed to Yaheng's leg very unkindly and took a comfortable posture and leaned in his arms.

Yaheng was in a stalemate, and then he slowly reached out and grabbed Su Shi’s waist. The floating spacecraft slowly started and ran smoothly.

Su Shi was very embarrassed along the way, and did not move, but the fishtail swayed back and forth in a small amount. The cold tail tipped and touched Yaheng’s calf from time to time, bringing a burst of crispy a feeling of.

Yaheng’s nose is the unique cool and refreshing scent of Su Shi’s body. The two people’s bodies are closely attached. The temperature on Su Shi’s body is still cool. This feeling is like the other person’s soft body. Cool down for yourself.

Yaheng endured all the way. After finally returning home, he still has to endure. Although he has taken the cute little mermaid home, it is a completely strange environment for him. The first time he gets along, of course, he must be warm. Mainly.

Although his own little mermaid looks very lively and courageous, there may be a huge secret hidden in his body, but Yaheng feels that he should still take good care of him.

However, such an idea is very good, but the object that should be cared for is not at all compatible.

After returning home, Yaheng put Su Shi on the sofa in the living room, and he went to the pool prepared in advance and put the freshest water in it.

Although the swimming pool was already ready, he did not expect that he would pick up the mermaid today, so he had not had time to replace the water in the pool.

When he turned the water circulation system back to the living room, he found that there was no figure of his own mermaid on the sofa. Yaheng’s brow was condensed, his eyes were sweeping, and he immediately noticed something wrong.

The bathroom, which should have been empty, was lit up at this time, because the bathroom door was not closed, and there was still a slight sound of water coming out.

Is it that the little mermaid needs water, so first go to the bathroom to find water?

Yaheng subconsciously slowed down and walked to the bathroom. Although most of the mermaid lived in the water, the mermaid who lived in the glass cabinet before the mermaid research institute had no special feeling, but when it was small When the mermaid appeared in his own bathroom, Yaheng’s heart still showed a little sensation of embarrassment.

Yaheng even subconsciously put a light breath, and when he got to the bathroom, he stopped and secretly took two breaths and raised his hand to open the door manually.

However, at this time, the bathroom door was suddenly pulled from the inside, and then Yaheng saw a picture that made him unable to bear blood.

The little mermaid in his family was standing there with wet hair, and the water droplets between the hairs slowly dripped, and some of them flowed down the chest directly, while others fell in the shadow formed by the delicate clavicle.

Yaheng’s gaze first fell on Su Shi’s collarbone, then looked down uncontrollably along the collarbone, and fell on a certain temptation point, then continued down...

Then, Yaheng narrowed his eyes somewhat strangely.

Under the flat soft belly, the connecting lane is no longer the almost transparent cyan fishtail, but a pair of long, white legs.

Of course, in addition to these legs, Yaheng also inevitably saw something unspeakable, which made his ear tip slightly reddish uncontrollably.

Su Shi asked the other party to look at himself. After a few seconds, he hung a smile and said: "Admiral, I feel that if I keep the mermaid status, it is too inconvenient at home. So, first turn yourself into a human being, you should have no opinion?"

"How are you..." Yaheng tried to put away some of his emotions, but when he spoke, he found that his voice was really hoarse.

"I haven’t said it to the generals before? I am a messenger from ancient times. I have a lot of magical abilities." Su Shi’s gaze deliberately looked up and down on Yaheng. Don't be profound. "If you want to experience it, I can also turn the general into a mermaid."

Yaheng was tight and shook his head: "No need."

Said, Yaheng’s gaze turned around in Su Shi, watching his own little mermaid so lively, maybe he doesn’t need much adaptation time at all?

When this idea just came out, I heard Su Shi some grievances and said: "Admiral, can you lend me your pajamas? I really want to sleep well now, I have been staying in the glass before. In the cabinet, it was too uncomfortable."

Upon hearing this, Yaheng immediately suppressed some of his ideas, but it is still possible to seek some benefits for himself.

When Yachang directly reached out and slammed Su Shi, and walked to the bedroom, he gently put the person on the bed: "I will help you take your pajamas, you should take a break."

Su Shi nodded in bed, but when Yaheng took his pajamas back, he saw the cute look of Su Shi’s stretched into a deep sleep.

Yaheng’s throat couldn’t help but sigh with a satisfied sigh. He put his pajamas on the side of the bed, and once again looked down on Su Shi’s body, he stretched out and put a soft blanket on Su Shi’s body.

"Dear mermaid, good afternoon." Yaheng bowed his head and dropped a kiss on Su Shi's soft black hair, then quit the bedroom lightly.

Since the cute mermaid has turned its own fishtail into legs, the swimming pool should not be used for the time being.

Su Shi had been sleeping for a long time. He stayed in the glass cabinet for a few days. He slept in the water while sleeping. Although there was no discomfort in his body, his heart was still somewhat awkward.

As a human being, his favorite lifestyle is of course still walking on the ground and lying on the bed while sleeping, so that he is most comfortable.

When Su Shi finally woke up, the sky outside had darkened, and Su Shi stretched out with satisfaction and whispered the ball.

But the strange thing is that this round did not immediately run out, Su Shi called two more, this only saw the ball slowly floating in the air, some guilty: "Host adult, what are you doing? ?"

Su Shi did not open the topic directly, but asked with a point of view: "The ball, what have you been doing?"

The ball shook and shook, rubbing it for a while, and then guilty: "No...nothing."

“Really?” Su Shi confirmed.

The ball immediately metamorphosis, and by the way transferred the topic: "Really, I really didn't do anything, the host adult just called me, is there anything?"

"It's a bit of a thing. I have already left the Merman Research Institute. I can officially start working." Su Shi slowly got up from the bed and picked up the pajamas on the bed and slowly put it on.

The ball immediately turned his eyes, although every day is living with his own host, but the ball is very honest.

Su Shi also discovered the honesty of the ball, and he would dress so beautifully in front of the ball.

"Okay, I started to do this, but where do I start?" When doing business, the ball has always been diligent.

Su Shi nodded and slowly said: "Start with the people of the Merman Research Institute, then the abused mermaid in the military and the generals who oppose the equality of mermaid and human beings."

Su Shi chose to start from both of them because the mermaid research institute has always been the focus of most humans, and the military is also very concerned. Once they have gone out, they will naturally receive more attention from the people. Hot discussion.

To put it bluntly, this is killing chickens and monkeys.

Only this incident has aroused the public's earnest concern, and his plan can continue to advance.

The first step is to let humans understand that their previous attitude towards mermaid is wrong, unfair, and subject to appropriate punishment.

The second step is to fight for the freedom of the mermaid, let the fish slowly integrate into the human beings and open a new life.

These two steps, no matter which step is very long, the inherent thinking of humans and mermaid has been formed for too long, and it takes a lot of energy and a long time to completely subvert.

But Su Shi is not in a hurry, he has a lot of time, and a lot of means to do it.

At this time, the door of the bedroom was pushed away from the outside. Su Shi put away the coldness of her eyes and showed a bright smile to her lover: "Dear Admiral, I seem to be a little hungry."

In fact, the most important thing for Su Shi is that one person will always be with him, which is enough.

Yaheng also showed a smile on Su Shi, but it was gentle but gentle: "I have prepared dinner and have dinner together."

Said, Yaheng extended his hand to Su Shi.

Su Shi suddenly smiled even more brilliantly. He put his hand in the palm of Yaheng, and his tone was very light: "Good."





 Su Shishu comfortably lived the life of the rice worm in Yaheng's house, but in the outside world, more and more incredible things gradually occurred in the following period.

Following the resignation of Major General Ai Wen and the Dean of the Merman Research Institute, there have been a number of cases in which human beings have become inexplicably transformed into mermaids.

The most amazing and most terrifying thing is that those who have the privilege of becoming mermaids are either the staff of the mermaid research institute or the military personnel who have adopted mermaid at the mermaid research institute. For a time, the "mermaid research institute" and " The words "the military" became a hot topic for the people to talk about, and the Internet has sparked a very heated discussion.

#Shocking news! Human beings can be transformed into mermaids. Is this a human disaster or a revenge from mermaid? ! #

1L: I like it, I like it, I am happy, I am happy, I can’t help myself...

Human beings become mermaids, which can alleviate the huge problem of the huge disparity between humans and mermaids, and can effectively improve the gestation rate of human offspring. Isn't this a good thing to celebrate?

2L: Is it funny upstairs? If all human beings become mermaids, will humanity die directly? Besides, I don't want to be a mermaid who can live in a water tank without any freedom and dignity!

3L: Oh, you now know that the mermaid has no dignity and no freedom. Have you not taken the mermaid research institute to the sky before? Also said that the mermaid research institute is the best care for mermaid, is it now retribution?

4L: I think there must be a conspiracy in this! Why are the mermaid workers and the staff of the Ministry of Military Affairs? How can this coincidence in this world?

5L: Upstairs +1, I suspect that this incident is simply a conspiracy of the Merlion Research Institute.

I have heard before that the mermaid research institute has experimented with living mermaid. They should not always study how to turn human beings into mermaids.

6L: This is too shocking. The number of mermaids is so small. They even experimented with live mermaid. It is simply mad! If this is the case, then they are really self-sufficient!

7L: Don't know what's going on in the upstairs? Who knows if this matter has anything to do with the mermaid, maybe this is simply the revenge of the mermaid on human beings?

And don't forget that you are a human being, not a mermaid. Even if you can help the mermaid, you can't adopt mermaid.

8L: I smell a sour taste.

Upstairs, I won’t be able to adopt a mermaid, so I’m talking about it here. Let's discuss the issue on the matter, and what is the relationship with the mermaid? Say goodbye to bring rhythm here?

9L: Is it only me who is thinking about whether these individuals who have changed from human to human beings can be adopted?

These mermaids were formerly high-ranking soldiers in the military department. Think about it. If these mermaids can also be adopted, this is simply a feeling of fascination!

Ah, ah... I really want to adopt a mermaid like this!

10L: Upstairs is crazy, the identification is completed, and no rebuttal is accepted!

Even thinking about adopting these mermaids is simply mad, and are you sure that they have the ability to have children?

11L: This idea is really scary, but I don't think it is so serious.

Anyway, the people who become mermaids are the top of the military, and those of the mermaid research institute have nothing to do with ordinary civilians who have no identity. If they don’t care about themselves, they will hang up directly.

12L: It doesn't matter now, but who knows if it will matter in the future?

Human control of mermaid has always been very deformed, but humans have been deliberately neglecting and disguising this for their own benefit. Now that this happens, I think this may be a good opportunity to change the status of the mermaid.

11L: Call for mermaid freedom! Call for humanity and mermaid to live together peacefully! Mermaid should not be a human dependency and possession!

12L: Upstairs is sick, shouldn't you be a mermaid lurking here? The network police quickly contacted the owner of this account, and even put the family fish out of the Internet, the mermaid does not have such rights!

13L: Is it really sick upstairs? The mermaid research institute has not always declared that mermaid is equal to human beings. Do humans have to take good care of mermaid? People just shouted a slogan, you are here to call a non-stop, really no quality!

......

So a group of boring people quarreled like this, but this also brought more heat to this matter, causing more and more people's attention.

Of course, the reason why this matter will be more and more valued is that there is a very important reason that this phenomenon has not stopped, but has become more and more widespread.

The world has a wide range of backgrounds and many planets. Therefore, the Mermaid Institute is not only the capital of the capital, but also the large and small mermaid research institutes on other planets.

After the problems of the mermaid research institute in the capital star, the mermaid research institutes of other planets were not spared, and there were gradually cases in which workers became mermaids.

In the military, there have been more and more cases, and unlike the small-scale turmoil of the mermaid research institute, most of the mermaids in the military are some high-ranking generals, and the sensation is even greater.

These people seem to be only an independent individual, but they are mostly the military powers, so after becoming a mermaid, it is also the entire legion, which may even cause a small internal disturbance in the legion.

In the eyes of the vast majority of humans, especially those who are qualified to adopt mermaid, mermaids should be at home for the reproduction of their offspring, and have nothing to do with the military.

But now, their companion (sir) has turned into a mermaid, which is hard to imagine!

However, after things that they can't imagine, they will naturally think more.

Why do these people become mermaids? Can they still change back? Will you encounter the same situation?

Of course, there is a more important issue that they can't help but think about becoming human beings after the mermaid. Are they still qualified to stay in the military and are they qualified to continue to command the army?

Although those people used to be their own companions and their own sergeants, they are now just a mermaid, but mermaid is not qualified to join the military!

There are countless sergeants who have such an idea. This has also made the military department, which seems to be still calm and stable, in the recent period, and there have been many unstable factors inside.

The most unstable of these factors are the generals who were inexplicably turned into mermaids.

They were all in the middle of the military and had a high weight. They were also resolutely opposed to the peaceful coexistence of mermaid and human beings. Now they have turned from human to mermaid in the evening, which is absolutely worthy of them. A huge double blow.

At this point, all the generals who were turned into mermaids were gathered together... In the same pool, they tried to hide their own gray fishtails in the water, while the expression looked as serious as possible, as if they were still in the military. In the middle, a very serious military meeting is being held.

But in fact, their mood has become very scary at this time.

In such an environment of seriousness and deep panic, they began their own speeches.

General A: "I have already learned about the circumstances of the changes. The time for the changes has been very concentrated and the situation is very similar, but apart from that, we can't explain why you will have these changes."

General B: "I can confirm that my physical examination results ten days ago are still normal, so the reason for this change must be within ten days of the change. But the strange thing is that even now, our body happens except... In addition to some of the changes, the results of the inspection are still normal."

General C: "I think this is probably the ghost of the mermaid research institute. After all, we have adopted mermaid at the mermaid research institute. Except for us, all other accidents are also the work of the mermaid research institute. People, this can never be a coincidence."

General Ding: "I agree with you, but after preliminary investigation, the mermaid research institute claimed that absolutely no experiments were carried out to turn humans into mermaids. They also did not recognize that these changes have anything to do with them."

General B: "The group of old scholars, how can they voluntarily admit that this matter is related to them? We can only investigate ourselves by ourselves, otherwise it is impossible to know the truth from their mouths."

General A: "This is what it says, but the mermaid research institute controls the vast majority of mermaid resources. If we act rashly, I am afraid that it will stand directly on the opposite side of the mermaid research institute, which is very unfavorable to the military."

General C: "But we can't just wait like this? If more and more people in the military become mermaids, it will definitely cause chaos."

This problem has caused several generals to silence at the same time. After thinking and thinking, they finally came to a unified conclusion: "The investigation of the mermaid research institute must be carried out as soon as possible. We must fundamentally contain the problem. Otherwise, humanity will usher in a history. There has been another huge disaster since."

As a result, a high-level military meeting in the pool ended.

In the Yaheng home, I watched a live broadcast of Su Shi, and I laughed and kept rolling in bed because of the scene I saw. The serious look of these people posing in the swimming pool in the pool looked really funny. It is.

Yaheng is helpless, and he is petting to bring his own little mermaid into his arms. Through the thin cloth, he can clearly feel the cool body temperature of the little mermaid, which makes him feel comfortable at the same time. I couldn't help but blink.

Speaking of the fact that the mermaid has been taken home for some time, but every time he tries to get close to him, he will put on a poor look that I have not adapted to the current environment, I am very vulnerable now. Let Yaheng be reluctant to touch him.

But after each time, he will soon resume the usual way of jumping and letting Yaheng feel helpless.

Doesn't the little mermaid like it at all, so I don't want to touch him?

Yaheng did think about it this way, but when he saw that the little mermaid sticks to himself, it doesn't look like this.

So where is the problem?

Thinking about it, Yaheng finally only thought of a possibility. Perhaps the little mermaid from his ancient family just didn't understand the matter at all, so he would subconsciously reject himself.

After thinking about this, Yaheng started his own plan. As long as he can feel that his own mermaid is actually a very happy thing, he should not refuse himself anymore.

Yaheng continued to care for Su Shi in a meticulous manner, and began to look up information, prepare props, and wanted to bring a wonderful first experience to his own mermaid.

I don't know if Yaheng, who was carefully prepared for this, knows that Su Shi’s reason is to deliberately make a bad and what kind of expression will be made.





 On this day, Su Shi slept a little, and just stretched out from the bed, and saw Yaheng coming in with the tray of breakfast.

"Dear Admiral, Good Morning." Su Shi gave a bright smile to Yaheng.

Yaheng put down the breakfast and kissed him and kissed Su Shi’s lips: “First eat breakfast.”

The lover in this mission world is very good at cooking, and every day, he will help Su Shi to prepare a variety of delicious food to meet his needs for food.

Su Shi tasted the food with satisfaction, and smiled and chatted with Yaheng with a brow, and used a fork and fork to send food to Yaheng. It looked very pleasant.

Yaheng also looked at his cute little mermaid with satisfaction, and waited for him to eat almost, and then quietly said: "Lyle, I just received a notice, today the people of the mermaid research institute will come to check your situation. So you may need to change back to the mermaid state."

Su Shi’s gaze flashed, as if he had not noticed anything: “After leaving the mermaid research institute, isn’t the mermaid equivalent to the private property of the adopter? The mermaid research institute did not seem to have appeared before. After the mermaid is adopted, will it be checked?"

Yaheng hangs down the scorpion, and Shen Sheng explains: "Probably what happened before, the fish research institute has no clue, so it will refocus on you."

"This way," Su Shi turned his throat and said quietly, "When will they come over and check?"

Yaheng shook his head: "I didn't mention the specific time in the notice I received. Maybe they want to reduce our defense and conduct a surprise inspection. So I suggest that you maintain the status of mermaid all day today. ?"

The loopholes in this statement are a bit big, but Su Shi still didn't directly poke the other party. Instead, after thinking about it, he nodded and said, "Okay, it's just a day, it doesn't matter."

Then Su Shi took off her clothes under the watchful eyes of Yaheng and turned herself into a mermaid. The mouth whispered in her mouth: "I haven't become a mermaid for a few days, and I am not used to it."

"It’s just a day." Yaheng’s deep eyes looked at Su Shi’s fishtail, and then he reached for him and walked to the pool where he had already changed the water, carefully placing him in the water.

Su Shi swam in the water for two laps and then returned to Yaheng, and yelled at the pool and said: "Don't you come down with me for a while?"

Yaheng really wanted to interact with Su Shi in the swimming pool for a while, but when he thought about what he was going to do next, he could only shake his head with a calm face: "I still have something to do, I can't accompany you now, sorry."

Su Shi blinked in the water and bent her eyes: "Then go to work, I will play here for a while."

After becoming a mermaid, Su Shi can only leave the water for up to four hours a day, so even if he is bored, he can only stay in the swimming pool now.

However, it was not boring, because after Yaheng left, Su Shi directly called out the ball: "The ball, what strange things did Yaheng do before?"

The ball reacted for a while, and some guilty: "I, I, I... I haven’t noticed the man’s move in the past few days."

This made Su Shi slightly pick the brow, because the ball is a high intelligence system, it is a very easy thing to monitor the situation around it, and it has been doing this.

But now, the ball actually said that it has not noticed what Yaheng is doing in the past few days.

This can't help but let Su Shi think of the previous time, maybe he should really ask what the ball is doing during this time.

At the beginning of this task, the ball was only a tool for Su Shi to solve boredom and complete the task, and even he would be prepared for the ball.

But when they later got along for a long time, and also determined that the other party will not be against themselves, Su Shi’s attitude toward the ball has slowly changed.

Although Su Shi will still arrange various tasks for the ball, he will still deliberately bully it, but the ball has become his companion, or friend.

Even if the ball is really stupid and stupid, Su Shi will not really disappoint it, and the ball now has its own space and freedom. No matter what it does when it is free, Su Shi will not interfere.

Even though, knowing that the ball is very fond of the fairy tale world, even if the world does not conform to Su Shi’s personality and personality, Su Shi still went in and walked around.

Su Shi did not want to interfere too much with the ball itself, but now this thing has had a great impact on it. Su Shi has to ask a little, of course, just ask about it: "The ball, Do you have anything to look at me?"

The ball was swaying in the air, and it was arrogant: "I, I, I... Sorry!"

"I don't need your apology, you don't need to apologize to me, because what you want to do is your freedom." Su Shi is not mad at it, or deliberately put pressure on the ball, he does That's what I think, "Although our relationship has always been clear, it is the relationship between the host and the system, but you can also treat me as a friend when necessary."

"Hosting adults..." The ball is almost crying, and the host has never been so sympathetic to himself.

Su Shi puts his hand in an understatement: "I just want to tell you, I asked you the question you just had, not the identity of the host, so you have the right to refuse to answer my question, of course I will not be angry."

The ball was so touched that it was bad, and it was badly sprayed out of its own stored data, but thought of hiding its own host, it really did not know how to open it, think and think, can only be moved, and Hey, and embarrassed: "I am really touched by the host, but...but I really have no face to say, oh..."

The performance of the ball made Su Shi’s mind feel a strange feeling. What is it that will make the ball have this kind of performance?

However, since the ball refused to say, Su Shi would not force it. He nodded at the moment: "You can continue to do your own thing, but you can't delay the task, do you understand?"

The ball nodded with a touch of emotion, and the difference went directly to Su Shi: "Hmm, I promise, I will not make this mistake again in the future."

"Well, you can go to your busy place." Su Shi waved his hand, and the ball made a few words of gratitude, which disappeared.

Although there is no help from the ball, Su Shi can probably guess the intention of Yaheng, but it can obviously be carried out in the form of human beings. Why does he have to make himself a mermaid?

Su Shi really can't figure this out, but the reason is very simple. Although Su Shi can change his own state at will, but for Yaheng, the original state of Su Shi is still a mermaid.

In addition, Yaheng also wants to prove to Su Shi through this incident that even if he can't become a human being, he likes him very much and wants to be with him.

On this day, Su Shi spent most of his time in the swimming pool. In order to prevent him from being bored, Yaheng also placed a lot of toys in the swimming pool that the mermaid would like, and some electronic devices that humans liked.

By the time the night fell, Yaheng finally appeared at the pool.

Su Shi saw him and immediately swam. Although there are many things that can be played, one person still feels a little too boring: "Admiral, you are finally here."

"I have prepared dinner." Yaheng reached out and touched the wet hair of Su Shi.

Su Shi squinted in a good mood and deliberately asked: "Is there anyone from the Merman Research Institute?"

Yaheng’s body is slightly stiff and quietly said: “There is not yet, so you may need to maintain the status of the mermaid for the time being.”

"Okay." Su Shi was a little lost and dropped her throat.

I don't know what I look like, but I have misunderstood Yaheng: "Lyle, mermaid and human beings are indeed equal, you don't have to feel sad because of your identity."

Since coming here, Su Shi has maintained the human form. Yaheng will inevitably think that the other party is because of his dislike of his identity.

Today, Yaheng’s reason for Su Shi’s maintenance of the mermaid is that there are some reasons for this. He hopes that Su Shi can understand that he is his own baby, whether it is human or mermaid.

Yaheng’s idea is obviously not necessary for Su Shi, but in the current environment, the mermaid has always been dominated and controlled, completely suppressed by humans, so Yaheng will have this idea. It is also normal.

Su Shi blinked, although he had no such thoughts in his heart, but he heard the comfort of Yaheng, he smiled and said: "I know."

After that, Yaheng took Su Shi to the restaurant, where fine and warm food was prepared, and the mermaids liked it.

Su Shi swept his eyes on the fine food on the table, and he became more and more sure of his own guess.

At the dinner table, Yaheng was very considerate to help Su Shi to pick up the dishes, and he talked with him about some relaxing and pleasant topics, and the dinner was kept in a warm atmosphere.

By the end of the dinner, Yaheng showed a little nervousness: "Lair, are you still used to life now?"

Su Shi smiled and nodded: "The life is very good now."

"Then you...what do you think of me?" It looked like a serious old man was actually very upset at this time, and he even quietly clenched his fist under the table.

Although I made the most meticulous preparations, I never thought about forcing each other. So in the end, Yaheng’s heart was very embarrassing, and he was afraid that he would be rejected by the other party.

Su Shi blinked and smiled in his heart, but his face looked very pure: "The general has always been very good."

"Then you..." The first time I said this, Yaheng felt that his heart was about to jump out. He looked at Su Shi seriously, word by word, "Is it willing to spend the rest of my life with me?"






 Su Shi stunned, and his face slowly burst into a smashing smile, with a fascinating smile: "Admiral, are you asking me to marry me?"

"Yes," Yaheng nodded, and his back was subconsciously straight. "So are you willing to accept it?"

Su Shi continued to smile with brilliance and blinked his eyes: "I certainly want to stay with my dear Admiral and become your lover. It is my life's request, but my dear general, there is I still can't understand a problem."

At the moment of hearing this sentence, Yaheng’s deep squats flashed a different look. He fixed Su Shi’s look for a while, and then barely suppressed his heart’s rolling turmoil, but with a little voice in his voice. Unshakeable trembling: "What problem?"

"Why do you have to let me maintain the shape of the mermaid today?" Su Shi looked at Yaheng, really does not blame Su Shi’s attention on this issue. After all, for him, the two have long been The old man is old.

Although at the time of the marriage proposal, my heart will still be a little excited, but he is not excited to completely lose his ability to think.

Yahengton had a moment, although it was exposed, but he did not feel embarrassed, but seriously replied: "I just want to tell you that in my mind, mermaid and human beings are completely equal, and you are unique. Whether you are a mermaid or a human being, I will love you, care for you, and accompany you."

In Yaheng’s view, Su Shi is still a mermaid in essence, and Su Shi’s choice has always existed in the form of human beings, and perhaps he is also deliberately avoiding his identity. This is totally unnecessary in Yaheng’s view.

And such a small mermaid will make him feel bad.

Although Su Shi did not have such an idea at all, but also understood Yaheng’s concerns and concerns, she smiled very softly at the moment: "As long as I can stay with me, no matter what makes me, I have no complaints."

Wen Yan, Yaheng’s deep squats suddenly became deeper. He got up and walked to Su Shi’s side, kneeling down on one knee, then tilted his head slightly and looked at Su Shidao seriously: “Whatever you become I will always love you, and I will never change."

Su Shi slowly lowered her head and licked the tip of her nose with her nose: "I am the same."

After the romantic dinner, the two showed each other's wishes, and then some things happened naturally.

But when Su Shi was placed on the bed and watched as Yaheng took out a lot of props, Su Shi was a little dumbfounded: "This... what are these?"

Yaheng’s eartips are somewhat red, but they still have a straight expression to explain: “This is a prop to protect the body of the mermaid. This lubricant is used to lubricate the scales of the fishtail to prevent friction from causing the scales to fall off; This ointment has a moisturizing effect and can reduce the loss of water in the human fish; this..."

Listening to Yaheng’s superficial introduction of these props, but already red ears and neck, Su Shi only felt soft at the bottom of his heart, he did not hesitate to hook Yaheng’s neck and send himself with a cool thin lip.

"Compared to these props, I prefer that the upper body will protect me with my own body." Su Shi was stunned when he kissed Yaheng.

Yaheng only felt that there was something in his heart that exploded in an instant, so that he could no longer wait for a second...

This is the first time that Su Shi has done this kind of thing in the form of a mermaid and a human form. It feels so irritating.

The sense of mermaid and human beings is very different. The feeling of twisting the fishtail is different from that of the legs. The feeling of the fishtail is different from that of the legs. The feeling of the fishtail is very different.

In this case, the scales of an unspeakable part of the mermaid fish tail will automatically shrink, revealing a skin that is much more delicate and sensitive than the upper body. As long as it touches a little, it will be very exciting.

Under such strong stimulation, Su Shi and Ya Heng were entangled for more than three hours. After seeing that the time was almost up, Yaheng took Su Shi into the bathroom and continued in the water.

Su Shi was tossed and tossed. At the end of the day, she could not control the secretion of physiological tears.

Why is the lover of this world still so ferocious!

When Su Shi is about to lose consciousness, she can't help but mourn in tears, and he should let the lover ban more for a while!

Sure enough, the soft heart is not allowed.

When Su Shi once again regained consciousness, it was already noon the next day. Because it was a mermaid, he was still in the pool, and Yaheng was watching him by the pool.

Seeing Su Shi squatting and swinging over the fishtail, Yaheng walked straight into the pool and surrounded his waist and said: "Lyle, is it okay?"

Although there is a lot of cushioning power in the water, Su Shi still feels that the waist is sour and soft at this time, and his fish tail can't move fast?

Su Shi snorted in anger at Lyle: "I don't feel good at all, especially after seeing you."

Yaheng was Su Shi’s embarrassment, but he felt that his mood was even better, but he did not dare to show it. He reached out to help Su Shi press his waist and bowed his body. “I really got out of control last night, sorry, next time. Never again."

"There is no next time!" Su Shi sighed with enthusiasm, he has decided, and recently can not let Yaheng close to himself.

Yaheng certainly will not agree, but he did not directly refute, but shifted the topic: "I have already put pressure on the mermaid research institute, so that those who become mermaids will be admitted to the mermaid research institute as soon as possible, waiting for adoption."

This is also Su Shi’s idea. If you just turn these people into mermaids, although they may psychologically impact them, life will change a lot, but the degree of punishment is still too weak.

Since it is necessary to punish these people, of course, let these people live the life they think the mermaid should live. First, they are left alone in the mermaid research institute, and then adopted by a completely stranger and entered another cage.

As for giving birth to children, this seems to be a very good choice.

"Well, let them have some bitterness to say first," Su Shi nodded and was placed by Yaheng on the chair in front of the table. "Is the place I prepared for you ready?"

Yaheng sat down on the opposite side of Su Shi: "Already ready, the mermaid research institute is ready, ready to move."

"As long as the mermaid in the mermaid research institute disappears, these people may not need to put pressure on you, and they will take the initiative to bring in some of the new ‘mermaid’.” In this thought, Su Shi sarcastically hooked his mouth.

This is the case with humanity. When one day the mermaid suddenly disappears, and humans have the ability to become a mermaid, they do not need any external force, and they spontaneously enter the internal battle.

Now, this opportunity is coming soon.

On the third night, the entire mermaid research institute was already silent. Except for some staff on duty, everyone else was already in a deep sleep.

It was at this time that all the places where mermaids existed in the mermaid research institute had a very bizarre thing at the same time.

The water in all the glass cabinets was suddenly released most of the time. After that, all the mermaids, regardless of gender, their fish tails slowly turned into human legs at a speed visible to the naked eye.

They were amazed at the scene that happened to them. They were shocked in their eyes, but they were forced to make no sound. This was the order they had received before, and they must not let humans discover it.

After that, the locked glass cabinets were all opened for a moment, and the mermaids, with excitement and incompetence, slowly manipulated their new legs and walked out of the glass cabinet.

This seems like a small step, but it represents their new life.

They never thought about it, and even dared not think about it. In their own life, they were able to step out of the glass cabinet of the Merlion Research Institute in this form.

The next thing is much more common. The mermaid who changed from mermaid to humans slowly put on the clothes they had prepared before, followed the people who came to pick them up, and left the cage that had imprisoned them for many years. .

When the blue-blue building behind it became farther and smaller, many mermaids couldn't help but cover their faces and wept. Since their birth, this is the first time they have left.

There are also some mermaid who can't help but sigh: "I still know for the first time that the place we were imprisoned looks so beautiful from the outside, but it is a pity that it is for humans, and we can only see one. Rows of glass cabinets."

This is also true. The protection and care of human beings claimed by human beings are all said to be heard by human beings.

And such a rich and noble building is also built for human beings to see, and what is the relationship with the mermaid?

Therefore, even if the heart is inevitably emotional, these mermaids will never regret their decision to leave the mermaid research institute today. This is equivalent to getting rid of the tragic fate of the past and welcoming a new beginning of life.

After leaving the mermaid research institute, a large number of mermaids were sent to a secret base where they learned and learned about the human way of life and, after a month, truly began to integrate into the world as human beings.

But this is only a process. Of course, they will not forget the identity of their mermaid, and they will explore and pursue their true value as a mermaid.





 These mermaids left the Mermaid Institute silently without any fluctuations, but when the dawn of the next day came, the staff of the Merlion Research Institute went into the mermaid selection room, the mermaid cultivation room and other places, and looked at the empty glass. The cabinet, they suddenly realized that this is a big deal!

They immediately reported this horrible situation to their superiors. Less than half an hour later, the Mermaid Institute held a full-time meeting, and all staff members must be present.

At the same time, the top person in charge of the human fisheries research institute dispatched security personnel to immediately launch a rigorous internal search.

All the staff gathered together for the same rigorous investigation and finally confirmed that five staff members were missing, as if they had disappeared with the mermaids.

The internal search work was completed very quickly, and every corner of the entire mermaid research institute was closely searched, but no traces of mermaid were found.

"There must be those staff who stole the mermaid!" The top responsible person was indignant, but now they can't find anyone, and they can't find mermaid. Even if they are angry, it will not help.

The subordinates standing in front of him did not dare to speak, but in his heart he sneered at this statement. To know that the mermaid, which is not yet mature, is an integer number of mermaid. How can five people quietly and silently overnight? Take all these mermaids away?

But now this situation seems too strange, and the mermaid seems to suddenly evaporate, and he can't think of other reasonable explanations.

The top person in charge patted the table and became even more angry: "Request the highest order to the military and tell them about it, and bring them back to me anyway!"

The subordinate nodded aloud, thought about it, and hesitated: "Is there any other notice to be released? After all, there are still many people in the applicant fish."

Now all the mermaid in the mermaid research institute has disappeared, so those who have already agreed with the mermaid research institute to come and pick the mermaid must also be notified in time.

In addition, those who have just obtained the mermaid application qualification and are applying for information here must also deal with it in time. Otherwise, if the application is approved, the other party will not see the mermaid, which is worse.

The highest-ranking person heard the words but waved his hand and sighed: "First, except for those who must know about this matter, others will be kept secret for the time being. This must not be revealed."

Although the subordinates felt that this was not appropriate, they did not say anything more and should retreat.

After receiving the notice from the military, the military officials were also very shocked. They applied to call all the surveillance videos of the Merman Research Institute, but after some exploration, there was no result.

Those mermaids look like they suddenly disappeared together at the same time. Even if the surveillance video is slowed down dozens of times to play, the result is still the same.

They then conducted a thorough investigation of the Merlion Institute and conducted a sophisticated search of the nearby main roads, but still had no results.

Where did the mermaid go?

Do they really evaporate from this world?

The answer to the first question is not known yet, but the answer to the second question is obviously no, but unfortunately they have no idea at all.

Just when the military cadre and the mermaid research institute were busy with this incident, a post suddenly appeared on the Internet.

#Shocking news! The mermaid suddenly disappeared collectively overnight, where is the future of mankind? #

When this post appeared, it immediately attracted the crowds of countless people, but at the beginning, most people thought that this post was just a mere prank, because this situation is impossible in their consciousness. .

However, when there were a few in the post, I was planning to go to the Merman Research Institute to pick the mermaid in the past two days, but after being told that the time was delayed, more and more people gradually believed this.

123L: Is this going to be true? Otherwise, why did the Merman Research Institute delay the selection of mermaid for no reason? For such a big thing, always give a reasonable explanation?

138L: I think it is quite suspicious. It seems that I have never seen this before.

159L: Don't say anything, let me take a tearful heart.

In order to qualify for adopting mermaid, I have not taken a day off in the past 20 years. Now I can finally adopt the mermaid. I am excited to directly give myself three days off and clean up it. The result! ! !

The Merman Research Institute actually told me to postpone the selection time! Postponed time, this is a person officer? This is simply killing me!

174L: The above is not excited, I just want to remind you, maybe this time you face the delay time, the deadline is forever! 233333

202L: I used to go through the Merman Research Institute and saw that there were military personnel nearby to perform official duties. Isn't that just for this?

222L: My God! If this is the case, then there is still a future for mankind! Without mermaid, mankind can only wait for the demise!

233L: This is definitely revenge from the mermaid! In order to retaliate against the humanity’s deprivation of the freedom and dignity of the mermaid, in order to avenge the arrogance of mankind! I think it is very exciting to think about it!

318L: Human beings are self-sufficient! I know that today, why must I be at the beginning!

......

Although many people have spoken, they feel that this is the result of human self-sufficiency. However, many of these people are swearing because they are not qualified to apply for fish.

More people are either complaining that the mermaid research institute is weak, and they have lost their mermaid, or they are asking them to find out the matter as soon as possible and get their mermaid back.

Although in general, people's speech has no practical strength, in some special cases, the power of the people is very powerful.

For example, this time, because this incident has been heated up on the Internet, the Merman Research Institute has to issue a statement.

The fact that all the mermaid disappeared is too serious. They simply do not dare to tell the truth. They only say that some of the mermaid was secretly taken away by internal staff, and the extent of the problem was as light as possible.

But soon the mermaid research institute was hit, because they just released this statement, and a new post appeared on the Internet. The content in the post was very popular, and a video inside the mermaid research institute was attached.

This video is not long, but it clearly records every empty glass cabinet in the mermaid research institute. These empty glass cabinets are enough to show that the mermaid in the mermaid research institute has disappeared.

If the mermaid is gone, it means that human beings can no longer give birth to future generations. Is this still enough? !

People on the Internet are constantly negotiating about this matter, and the heat of this incident is getting worse.

Some of them are not doing enough to blame the mermaid research institute, and they have made such a big mistake;

Some people blame the mermaid for the care of human beings, and they left the mermaid research institute directly.

There are still very few people who feel that people are happy, and that human beings are self-sufficient;

There are also very few humans who have adopted mermaid and are happy to express their gloating.

In the discussion of such parties, a new voice has slowly emerged.

6666L: Wait! I seem to suddenly think of a problem that I can't, do you remember the people who changed from human to mermaid in a while ago? They don't seem to be in the mermaid research institute. That is to say, although the mermaid in the mermaid research institute has disappeared, there are other mermaids around us!

After the appearance of this voice, the direction of discussion has also undergone subtle changes.

6677L: I am going! I have forgotten such an important thing, that is to say, human beings have not yet completely embarked on the road to extinction?

6753L: This reminder is good, but who can be sure that the mermaid that turns from human to mermaid has the same fertility as mermaid? Maybe they just look like mermaids, but they don't really use them?

6799L: Then go check the body for them. Anyway, now these mermaids are the last hope of mankind. Always catch it!

6821L: This is a bit exaggerated. Now that the mermaid is only missing for a while, maybe it will be back in a few days?

6900L: Oh, I don’t think so. If the mermaid is not prepared, do you think that the mermaid research institute will not be aware of it at all, even if the investigation direction is not there? To know that the disappeared mermaid is not a small number, there are thousands of mermaids.

6996L: Anyway, these human beings can't be so easily let go. If they really have fertility, it can be considered a blessing to human beings. This is a very glorious thing.

7083L: Glory didn't feel it. Anyway, if it was me, I would definitely feel very wrong, but I also agreed to let them help future generations.

......

The Merman Research Institute is being scolded by thousands of people at this time, and now suddenly seeing this turn, it is naturally impossible to let go.

They also disregarded the results of the discussions in the previous meeting, and issued a second statement, saying that they would transfer individuals from human to mermaid to the mermaid research institute for a comprehensive physical examination if they really have If you have fertility, you can also be adopted.

Unfortunately, people on the Internet no longer trust the Merman Research Institute. They all expressed that they did not want the Merman Research Institute to intervene. Instead, they chose another more authoritative body inspection agency.

The mermaid research institute is facing the reaction of the online people. It is simply anxious and angry. They must not let the prestige of the fish research institute fall. They can only make a statement once again, saying that they will open the batch to the public on the Internet. The physical examination of the mermaid will never be concealed.

At the same time, they repeatedly said that in the mermaid research, the mermaid research institute absolutely has the most advanced and mature technology, which is impossible for any other institution to surpass.

In this case, the people reluctantly agreed to the matter.

The two sides struggled to reach an agreement, but the third party almost collapsed.

After learning that they were about to be sent to the Merman Research Institute to receive a physical examination of fertility, these individuals who turned from human to human beings were all bad at once.

WTF? !

We are humans!

Even if we have the body of a mermaid, we still have a human heart!

Do you remember that we are the same kind of each other?

As a kind of person, you are now asking us to accept such insulting inspections, and we are going to let us have children? !

Are you sure this is not a joke? !

Do you know that this kind of behavior is simply trampling on our souls and humiliating our bodies!

For the first time, these people finally realized the pain and sorrow of being a mermaid, but in fact they are now suffering more than mermaid.

After all, such rules were originally established by themselves, but now they have become the crushed party from the one who squeezes others, from the master to the controlled.

This reversal in the situation, as well as the psychological contrast, caused them to suffer more than double.

What makes them most annoyed is that it is not the mermaid, but their own kind, that makes them in this situation now!





 However, even if they feel angered, humiliated, chilled, and desperate, they cannot avoid the tragic fate of accepting fertility tests as a mermaid.

What makes them feel desperate is that their physical examination results are that the body structure is exactly the same as that of the mermaid, and even has a stronger fertility than ordinary mermaid!

WTF? !

How can they have fertility, or is it better than ordinary mermaid? !

After learning this result, these people are almost going to collapse and faint. They can't accept such terrible results, and they can't imagine that they will have to give birth to future generations. This is simply the end of the world!

However, many things are a few happy ones, just as they feel dizzy, the other members of the Merlion Research Institute, and the people on the Internet, are cheering for this.

Although the vast majority of the beautiful and beautiful mermaid are gone, at least they have only a little hope, although the tails of these mermaids are gray, it is difficult to satisfy people, but they can have children. what!

This alone is enough to make up for their huge defects in other places. For a time, countless people who have met the requirements for adopting mermaid have begun to apply for adoption madly, hoping that they will have the opportunity to adopt a mermaid of their own.

There are only a few mermaids left now, and if they don't apply, they may not have their own offspring for the rest of their lives.

The rest of the staff at the Mermaid Institute was busy at the moment, and they seemed to have completely forgotten that most of these mermaids were their colleagues, and they are now in the position of dominators and controllers.

At this time, they only want to bring back the reputation of the Mermaid Institute in humans as soon as possible, and these former colleagues and the current mermaid are their most advantageous tools.

However, in just three days, the Merman Research Institute has screened out ten adopters who can come to pick mermaid and determine when to pick and adopt mermaid.

On the appointed day, the ten adopters who applied for it came to the mermaid research institute early, and then they will enter the mermaid selection room one by one to select the mermaid that will belong to them.

When the first-ranked adopter walked into the mermaid selection room, he heard a very fierce dispute.

Grey mermaid: "We used to be your kind! How can you treat us like this? You are too much to do this! This is simply mad, you will be retribution!"

Gray Mermaid B: "I will never accept being adopted by humans! Never accept!"

Gray mermaid C: "How can you let me give birth to human beings? This kind of thing should be the responsibility of mermaid, not us!"

Grey mermaid: "Let us out! We shouldn't be locked in the glass cabinet where the mermaid will stay!"

Hearing here, the adopters who came in to prepare the mermaid could not help but ask: "But are you not a mermaid now? There should be a fishtail and a strong fertility. Isn't this a mermaid?"

When the words came out, the entire mermaid selection room was very strangely quiet. The mermaid who was locked in the gray fishtail in the glass cabinet seemed to be caught in the neck. Although his face was red, he was eager to express something, but again I can’t say anything about rebuttal.

The adopters walked slowly between the glass cabinets, with a quiet smile on their lips, but the words were very cruel: "You used to be human, but now you are really just a mermaid, so you should abide by you. Isn't it a rule for mermaid?"

"Of course not! We just turned into a form of mermaid. What you have to do is to find ways to turn us back into human beings instead of treating us as mermaids!" One of the gray-tailed mermaids retorted, but in the tone There is a lack of confidence.

The adopter sneered and replied unceremoniously: "When you are a mermaid, you are thinking about how to turn yourself into a human being, but when you are human, you have thought about getting other mermaids out of the controlled situation. , become your kind?"

"That's not the same. They were originally mermaids, but we should have been humans!" Another gray-tailed mermaid stalked the neck.

“It’s really different,” the adopter did not refute this sentence, but nodded like a smile. “They were born as mermaids. They have suffered from human oppression and bullying from the very beginning, but one day they Will get rid of this situation and regain freedom and self-esteem. And you..."

Speaking of this, the eyes of the adopters with obvious resentment and disdain, swept through the glass cabinets in front of them, word by word: "If you have done what you want, now you are just the playthings in your own hands, you are going to be yourself Everything you do pays the price you deserve. You will be imprisoned for a lifetime by the rules you have set. You can only live without dignity and taste the pain and suffering that you have put on the mermaid..."

His voice is like magical magic. Every word and every word hits the bottom of these gray-tailed mermaid, making them feel endless panic and despair.

One of them, even after hearing this, uncontrollably collapsed and burst into tears, screaming at the transparent but strong glass wall: "Don't! I don't want to lose my freedom, I don't want to have children, let go. I am going out! I beg you to let me go out and ask you..."

The adopters looked at the scene with a cold eye, and their eyes swept over these people and their pale faces. His face slowly showed a touch of meaningful laughter: "This is just the beginning, please slowly enjoy the consequences of your own planting. ""

After all, he turned and went straight to the mermaid to go outside. After leaving, he directly waited for the staff outside. "These mascots are so ugly, I really can't go, you arrange the next Let's go in and pick it up."

After all, he left the Mermaid Institute without returning, and the staff behind him was stunned, and some of them did not know what to say.

After leaving the mermaid research institute, the adopters wearing a casual dress went straight to a spaceship, and the expression on their faces instantly became alive: "Dear Admiral, let's go."

I saw the original plain face, slowly changing at a speed visible to the naked eye, and finally settled into a delicate and lovely face.

Yaheng reached out and smashed the short black hair of Su Shi, and smiled and said: "Is it satisfied now?"

Su Shi grinned: "Alright, anyway, their good days are still behind. Compared to those, my actions today are nothing."

The spacecraft slowly drove up, and Su Shi snorted and complained: "And they must have me come over, or I will not bother to come over."

After being brainwashed by Su Shi, those mermaids gradually understood their previous situation. How bad it was. Now they are very disgusted with human beings, so they specially asked Su Shi to help them with a bad breath.

Ya Heng spoke to the side and looked at Su Shi: "Naughty, obviously you want to come over?"

Su Shi raised her eyebrows: "Do I look like a prankster?"

"Unlike," Yaheng shook his head. Su Shi just wanted to smile smugly, and he listened to Yaheng as he smiled and said, "Because you are such a person."

"..." Su Shi reluctantly glanced at Yaheng. "It doesn't blame me. Although I know that they are not doing well, I always have to look at it with my own eyes."

Su Shi likes to play the scum, especially the process of scumming, so he must come to the mermaid research institute to take a look.

In addition to the first adopter who couldn't get it, the next nine people adopted their own mermaid and took them home with the help of the staff of the mermaid research institute.

The reason why the mermaid research institute is needed is because these mermaids are very reluctant to be adopted, crying, shouting, and making troubles. The adopters cannot contact them directly.

In this case, the Merman Research Institute can only actively help these adopters to send the mermaid home, along with a solid glass cabinet.

And again, more and more people are lucky enough to adopt this "unique" mermaid.

So gradually, there are some hot topics on the Internet, which are devoted to the discussion of this mermaid.

These topics mainly include #Mermen beat and scold people? #,#How to punish the mermaid who is not obedient at home? #,# I am a little regretful to adopt such a mermaid #,# Has the merman that has been adopted been returned? # and other content.

In short, for those who have adopted the mermaid, there are new surprises every day. As for others, they are naturally happy to watch the excitement.

At the same time, Su Shi finally shifted his gaze to his main task.

Although he had already smashed with Yaheng, Yaheng did not help him clean the fishtail, because it seems to him that it is a very unnecessary thing.

Su Shi actually thought that this was not necessary, but in order to complete the main task as soon as possible, he still bravely made a request to Yaheng, and the way he proposed was very straightforward: "After each time, you have to help I cleaned the fish tail."

Upon hearing such a request, Yaheng’s eyes suddenly jerked. This matter is an absolute welfare for him: “Well, in addition, do you need other services? My hands are flexible and can Meet any of your needs."

Su Shi couldn't help but rolled her eyes: "Not needed at all!"





 When he first talked about this, Yaheng didn't think much, but after he got things, he slowly realized a problem. Perhaps the reason why his own mermaid made such a request to him was because... he didn't want to give himself a life. Little mermaid (little man)?

Because Yaheng has always advocated that the relationship between mermaid and human beings is equal. In the case of childbearing, he never thought of forcing mermaid to give birth to humans. Therefore, after thinking about this possibility, Yaheng did not feel much accident or It was a loss, but I felt that I was too big. I didn’t even think about it.

In order to express his apologies, Yaheng assured the Su Shi to clean up the fish tail, and solemnly assured: "Lyle, no matter what, as long as you don't want to do it, I will never force you."

Su Shi is enjoying the service of her lover. When she heard this sentence, she first stunned it, and then responded to the other party's meaning through the scene in front of her.

The reason why Su Shi clearly put forward the request for the other side to help him clean up the fishtail is entirely for the main task, but he did not think about personally experiencing the process of having a child. As a result, this turned into a Beautiful misunderstanding.

Su Shi did not explain too much, just turned and stretched out his arms and hugged his lover: "Thank you, dear Admiral."

Yaheng backed up Su Shi, his voice was extremely gentle: "I have been very satisfied with your side, and it is enough for us to have two of us in this life."

Su Shi was moved to see Yaheng, and directly swayed the fishtail and threw down Yaheng.

Say back to the right thing.

At the beginning, all human beings became mermaids, all of them were mermaid research institutes, or military cadres. Therefore, the general public are all watching the incident with a kind of watching the mood, but they don’t even think about it. Whether this kind of thing will happen to you.

With the slow progress of time, there have been several cases of ordinary people becoming mermaids, and everyone is suddenly panicked.

If this kind of thing is really revenge from the mermaid, then those who will be retaliated should not be the people of the mermaid research institute, or the military and political high-level? Why do even ordinary people now encounter such a thing?

From the original thing to the self, to the present, the vast majority of people's ideas have changed dramatically overnight.

Although they have always shouted in the mouth that "this kind of thing is a good thing, is to benefit all mankind", but in fact they are very worried that this kind of thing will fall on themselves.

For a time, the trend of the people on the Internet to discuss this matter has changed.

6L: What is the mermaid research institute doing recently? It’s been a long time since things happened. Haven’t they figured out the mermaids that were lost before?

16L: It's not just the problem of the disappearance of mermaid. Now why even humans have become a problem of mermaid, and haven't solved it?

66L: Can you put the research progress a little faster? At the very least, let us know to what extent your current research is progressing. Do you have to wait until all human beings become mermaids, can you realize the seriousness of the problem? !

116L: I don't want to be a mermaid, kill me, I don't want to be a mermaid! It’s horrible to have a baby! QAQ

166L: Mermaid, I beg you not to find me, I have no chance to adopt mermaid, but I have no chance to deal with mermaid, so I beg you not to find me! Thank you!

616L: Hey, human beings are so selfish. I remember that a few days ago, most people still feel gloating for it.

Sure enough, things are not falling on themselves, it is not the same thing, now you finally know that you are afraid?

666L: When you restricted the freedom of mermaid and forced the mermaid to give birth, it was not still playing this. Is this the flag of the other side? Now that things have fallen on you, shouldn’t you feel extremely honored?

Since these rules are made by you, you should follow them more seriously. People who don't want to follow the rules are not good mermaids.

But to be honest, no matter who planned it, and what conspiracy is behind it, I feel very happy. After all, this thick self-face-up is also very interesting.

......

Just as there are more and more remarks on the Internet, and in reality, more and more people have become mermaids. Su Shi is considering another thing that has nothing to do with this matter.

Although the mermaid in the mermaid research institute has all been liberated, there are still some other mermaid, which may still be in dire straits. They are the mermaids that have left the mermaid research institute.

These mermaids have been adopted by different human beings, from a large cage to a small cage.

The number of these mermaids is absolutely not small, and their situation is more complicated and the problem is more difficult, so Su Shi will leave this problem after liberating other mermaids.

Some of these mermaids are being ravaged by adopters, some may already be pregnant, and even have nourished offspring for human beings. Of course, there may be a very small number of mermaid, because of the goodness of being adopted by the adopters.

It is precisely because these mermaids have different status quo, so their problems are difficult to solve in a unified way and must be broken one by one.

Since this time, although Su Shi did not directly contact these mermaids, he did not make any moves, but he kept the ball staring at their lives and made detailed statistics.

Most of the mermaid that has been adopted are not very good, and even many people have a miserable life.

Some of them are not valued by the adopters at all. They can only live alone in a small space every day, and they are not allowed to be free at all; some are subject to the rigor of the adopters, even being abused and abused by the adopters; others need to watch them blindly. Adopters and others are loved, and they are left out of the cold. They are only adopted as adopters and even venting tools...

In these cases, Su Shi was angry and burned. He directly let the ball pick up the mermaid that was being tortured. As for other mermaids whose living conditions are still harmonious, they need to know more about the situation and make plans.

After those mermaids were taken out, Su Shi did not directly contact them, but let other mermaids who had already been transformed get along with these mermaids.

In order to make the exchanges between the two sides more efficient, Su Shi also specially selected a few eloquent mermaids, so that they temporarily reinstall the fish tail.

After arranging the things here, Su Shi turned his head and turned all the scum into mermaid. Such people should be punished with sorrow, otherwise they would not be long-term.

Su Shi’s move was quickly put on the Internet by relevant people, which also made the “mermaid revenge theory” that had already emerged on the Internet more and more people’s recognition and attention.

It must be because human beings are too harsh and ill-treated for mermaid, so they will be revenged by mermaid!

Su Shi is very fond of this situation. Although this kind of speech has no substantial impact on his plan, it can be considered a good thing to affect some people's moods.

For most mermaids, there are two main reasons why they can't resist.

As a result, they don't have human legs. It is very inconvenient to act. Even if they want to escape, they can't find a way. Therefore, they can only live under the control of human beings.

Secondly, mermaids are generally grown up in the mermaid research institute. They have been brainwashed by various shameless speeches from the beginning of their thoughts. They think that they should be in this environment and should give birth to future generations. Take the initiative to give birth to the spirit of resistance.

These two questions are not a problem for Su Shi. He can turn the fish tail of the mermaid into two legs and provide them with a more free environment.

As for the second point, Su Shi’s brainwashing technique is not blown out. As long as he gives him time, the idea of ​​changing these mermaids is not a problem at all.

Under such favorable conditions, the second batch of rescued mermaid quickly reversed their own thoughts, slowly calming the wounds in their hearts, and hoped to prepare for a new life.

As for those who have been adopted and the adopters are not too bad for them, some of them also want to get rid of the fate of the mermaid, Su Shi will naturally help them.

And another part of the mermaid who is willing to continue to live with the mermaid as a mermaid, Su Shi did not force them. This is their own life. Under the premise of clearly understanding what their choices mean, Su Shi is willing to respect them. s Choice.

In this way, Su Shi finally solved the problem of life choice for all mermaid. As for what new life they will open next, it depends on their own efforts.

In just three months, the speed of the main line has been increased to 50%, and these mermaids will truly welcome their new life.

During these three months, they have received very tight training according to their own choices, and Su Shi has also arranged a new identity for them so that they can integrate into human life more efficiently.

When they were about to be separated from each other and each opened a new life, Su Shi was rarely seen.

Su Shi gently swept over these mermaids and slowly said with a smile: "I told you from the beginning that I want to see the real equality between humans and mermaids, so what is true? equality?"

Speaking of this, Su Shi paused slightly, seeing the mermaid's face of meditation, he continued: "Real equality will not be superior to you because you become a human being, and you should not be controlled because you are a mermaid. The real equality is that we do everything just because we want to do it, not because we are humans or mermaids. Do you understand?"

Seeing that the mermaid still seems to understand and understand, Su Shi cited a simple example: "Do you still want to have children now?"

Most mermaids shook their heads subconsciously after hearing the problem.

Su Shi chuckled and asked: "Think carefully, what do you think when you reject this? Is it because you are disgusted with the incident itself, or because you think that the mermaid should not be As a fertility tool?"

When I heard Su Shi’s words, the mermaids gradually reacted, what exactly Su Shi wanted to express.

Su Shi also further said: "If I really like children and are willing to have children, then why do we have to give up this beautiful thing because we are a mermaid?"

I choose one thing, or refuse one thing, not because I am a mermaid, or that I am not a human being, but because I like it or hate it.

"You are all free, your choices are also free," Su Shi's expression gradually became serious. He said literally, "Don't be restricted by your identity. This is probably true equality."

The eyes of the mermaid are exposed to the color of the epiphany.

In order to reverse their thoughts, Su Shi did enumerate many human evils, and they are therefore very abhorrent to human beings.

If it weren’t for Su Shi’s words today, they might have been limited by this idea before, creating another kind of inequality.

The mermaid secretly took a deep breath and did not make a choice for themselves. This is probably the best self.





 Just as human beings argued on the Internet about the topic of "mermaid", they didn't know that the mermaid they talked about in their mouths had already mixed into them unconsciously and became their "companion." .

Although it has changed from mermaid to human beings, because of the different genes, the appearance of mermaids is much better than that of ordinary humans.

Some of them are magnificent, some are exquisite and lovely, some are beautiful, but no matter which one, people can't help but feel pleasing and heartfelt.

Coupled with their etiquette, Su Shi specializes in finding aristocratic textbooks. Not only is he very polite and kind, but he also feels very comfortable when he treats people. The results are naturally gratifying and soon become a part of the people around him.

However, this is only the beginning of the integration of mermaid into the human world. After all, the days ahead are still very long.

At the same time, those who have oppressed the mermaid or supported the oppressed mermaid have been ruthlessly turned into a gray mermaid and forced to fulfill their duties for mermaid.

As time goes by, there are still many people on the Internet who have joined, but they have become sparse and ordinary. Everyone has accepted it. The mermaids have completely disappeared. Human beings can only become mermaids by themselves. Humans themselves give birth to offspring.

As for why the mermaid suddenly disappeared, and why human beings became mermaids for what reason, it became two mysteries.

Although most people think that this must be revenge from mermaid, this statement is too bizarre, and without any scientific basis, slowly evolved into a kind of irony to humans.

As for the initiator of all this, Su Shi, because the things that have been done have been done almost, and now his days have become dull.

Raising flowers and planting grass every day, and doing the main task, the days are very pleasant.

For this reason, he gradually found that the ball seems to be getting more and more busy, and it rarely happens when there is no business. Even when it is called by Su Shi, it is not as much nonsense as before, then it will be spoiled. Selling is cute.

After this abnormal situation reached a certain level, Su Shi finally couldn't help but call the ball again and asked: "The ball, you really can't tell me what you are busy with recently?"

The ball shimmered with pink light, and the speech was somewhat unfavourable: "I, I, I... I just messed up when I was fine. If the host does not want me to do it, I can stop now."

"I don't want you to do your own thing, but your recent performance is a bit too abnormal," Su Shi said briefly, and patiently said, "The ball, I now treat you as my companion, So my inquiry is just caring for you, not trying to force you, even if you don't want to tell me, I won't be angry, do you understand?"

The ball smashed, the data core felt sweet, it swayed happily, and then it was very embarrassing: "I... I can't tell the host about it, I just... just A little worried that I will be jokes."

"Of course..." Su Shi secretly spoke of wanting to guarantee, but felt that with the stupidity of the ball, what it did might indeed be very funny, and only temporarily changed its way, "will try to do it."

The attitude of the host has made the ball feel like a arrow in the body. It turned a few laps and wanted to point his **** to his own host, but it didn’t find a suitable circle after a few turns. The angle can only be said: "That... then I have to say it."

"Well, you say it." Su Shi nodded seriously, and he was ready to joke the other party.

"I... I’m actually all these days..." The ball just confessed to the stupid things they did these days, and the system that accepted the data suddenly received an alert message, "Oh! Wait! I just received monitoring feedback. Even when a mermaid was working, it suddenly changed from a human state to a mermaid state!"

Su Shi’s eyebrows wrinkled and he said: “Is there anyone else around him?”

"Yes," the ball was about to cry. How could this accident happen suddenly? "His colleagues have discovered this, and now everyone is around him."

"Don't move him, give him information, let him not be nervous, it will be fine." Since this happened in public, others must think that he is also like some other human beings, and they will definitely choose He was sent to the Merman Research Institute.

The reason why Su Shi has not erased the existence of the mermaid research institute is because he is still punishing some human beings. When the punishment is over, the mermaid research institute has no need to exist. At that time, the mermaid is rid of The real beginning of the past.

Not long after, colleagues who had seen too many such incidents on the Internet sent him directly to the Merman Research Institute, and then Su Shi rescued people.

In the process, Su Shi has let the ball look at the situation in detail at the time, but the result is that one person and one ball are a bit strange, the ball did not find out the reason why the mermaid suddenly changed from human state to mermaid state.

"How is this possible? The results I found showed that there was no abnormality at the time, but if there were really no abnormalities, how could he suddenly change from human to mermaid?" The ball muttered wildly. .

Su Shi’s expression is also very serious. In order to let these mermaids integrate into the human world more quickly, Su Shi has always let the ball stare at these mermaids. If there is any abnormality, it will immediately give feedback.

So the current situation is that this incident is clearly under the eye of the ball, but it does not detect any abnormalities.

Su Shi’s state sits there easily, and in his mind he is constantly analyzing the possible situation of this matter.

Because witchcraft is brought from the last mission world, after reaching the mission world, the efficacy will be adjusted with the rules of the world, and this process should not be a problem.

There are many mermaids who have taken witch medicine, but there has been no problem before. This is just a case, and it is almost possible to rule out the possibility of witchcraft failure.

From the mermaid itself, it seems that there is no possibility of problems, because before this, the ball has been subjected to detailed physical examinations for all mermaids. After the incident, it was carried out once again, twice for the body. The results of the inspection are all without any problems.

So where is the problem?

Su Shi clicked on the table and asked: "How many bottles of witch medicine are in the package now?"

The ball immediately went to check it and replied: "There are still 666,666 bottles left."

"Before this happened, is the number the same?" Su Shi asked, because now he is completely trusting the ball, so the ball is also qualified to use the contents of the package directly.

The ball immediately replied: "It's the same, and I haven't used the witch medicine in the package before."

Su Shi thought of a possibility in his mind, but he was quickly crushed because he didn't want to suspect the ball, so he didn't ask much at the moment: "This thing is temporarily put down, you need to carefully observe it. In the case of the mermaid, as for the other mermaid, it is necessary to observe it carefully."

"I know, to ensure that the task is completed!" The ball answered positively.

After saying this, Su Shi did not continue to ask the beginning of the matter.

In the following period of time, there was no other situation on the mermaid side, and this matter was temporarily put down by Su Shi.

By the time the human beings were treated almost, Su Shi turned the rest of the staff in the mermaid research institute into a mermaid.

Since then, once someone else has entered the mermaid research institute, it will be directly and cruelly turned into a mermaid by Su Shi.

After that, a few groups of people were changed in the institute, but no one was spared. So no one dared to go to the mermaid research institute with a lucky attitude. The mermaid research institute gradually became a real name and became a legendary mermaid. The place of cursing.

Without the mermaid research institute, there is no place where all the mermaids are gathered together. Adopters and nature have become empty talks. Su Shi’s stroke is very effective. Even if people on the Internet talk about it, no one can Change the fate of the disappearance of the mermaid research institute.

After a whole year of this, when everyone slowly accepted the status quo, Su Shi began to carry out the next step.

Su Shi directly let the ball send a post on the network that must be a real name reply, the post content is very simple.

# Want to become a beautiful mermaid? We can help you. #

If you already have a lover and want to leave a child who belongs to both of you;

If you want to have a gorgeous fishtail, become a beautiful mermaid and experience a different life;

If you have already done enough humans, you want to become a mermaid, when a man is cared for;

......

We can all help you achieve your wishes.

We can open the mermaid road for you, but the chance is only one time, the choice can not be changed, if you have already considered it clearly, please reply [I want to become a mermaid] under this post.

Once again, this change is irreversible. Once it becomes a mermaid, you will not be able to change back to humans, so please be careful.

In addition, opportunities are limited, first come first served, please cherish this rare opportunity.

the above.





 When the post just came out, no one in the room felt that it was true, and no one really responded as requested. Everyone was doing all kinds of speculation and discussion.

1L: The ball angers the sofa! ~(≧▽≦)/~

6L: The first floor is poisonous. What kind of ghost is the ball? Now there are still people who will give themselves such a low nickname?

However, this post itself is poisonous. Is this someone deliberately pranking?

16L: From human to mermaid, do you feel that no one is willing to do this now? Who would be willing to run to have children?

66L: Only when I saw this post alone, did I feel a little cold on my back?

116L: You are not alone. Now my mind is floating back and forth with five characters [retaliation of mermaid].

166L: This post is definitely a phishing sticker. Who is going to send this post? Anyway, I don't believe it.

188L: I didn't believe it, but I saw my colleague become a mermaid. It doesn't feel so refreshing!

Since then, I have to believe...

366L: Believe it or not, I think no one will really reply like this? Become a mermaid, or an irreversible kind, only a fool will do this?

666L: [I want to become a mermaid]

888L: ... actually someone really... so replied, it’s 666!

999L: So what about the tier of the 666 floor now? If it really becomes a mermaid, remember to say it!

1001L: I am the 666 floor, report the situation in real time, I have indeed become a mermaid now, and the color of the fishtail is my favorite base purple!

However, I am afraid I can't say more now. My husband knows that I have turned my **** directly after turning myself into a mermaid. Now I am touching my fishtail and holding me to bed, I...# ¥@%!

1111L: Wait... 666 floor, you report the situation, report the situation, why do you want to force a show of love? Single dogs are also human rights! QAQ

1166L: It turned out to be a mermaid. I suddenly got a little breathless. What is going on?

1218L: Maybe the 666 floor is the landlord who sent this fishing post? Anyway, I still don't believe that this is true. Is there any ability to check my identity? Well, make sure that the 666 floor and the landlord are the same person.

1666L: [I want to become a mermaid]

1888L:! ! ! Someone applied to become a mermaid! ! ! There are really people who want to become mermaids, can't believe it!

2110L: At this point, you can be sure that the 666 floor, 1666 floor and the landlord are not the same person, so... the content of this post may indeed be true.

2222L: I, I, I... I am 1666, and I have successfully become a mermaid! Ah! Really excited! In my lifetime, I can really get what I want!

Thank the landlord for giving me this opportunity! Thank you very much!

call! Calm down, then share with me what I am doing now.

My fishtail is aqua blue, and the twilight and hair color have turned into aqua blue. It looks very nice. I am soaking in the bathtub at home. It feels really special! ~(≧▽≦)/~

2274L: Is there a problem with the 2222 floor? Was it so happy to be a mermaid?

2333L: There are already two cases. It seems that this is true. In fact, this is also very good. How can humans not want to become mermaids? Humans and mermaids should have been equal.

2520L: 2274 floor 7474! Don't know how to talk nonsense! Do not bully my pursuit!

Then... ask 2222L is it still single now? I want to take you home and have a good time. Can you give me a chance? (*/ω\*)

2666L: I am 1666 and 2222. You may think that I am very strange, but I really want to become a mermaid from an early age.

I am very envious of the fact that the mermaid can have colorful fishtails, as well as hair color and ochre in different colors. They can fly freely in the water, just like the elves in the water.

But because I know that human beings have always looked down on mermaids and even oppressed mermaids, I have never dared to say what I think.

I thought that I would have buried this wish in my life, but I did not expect to wait for such an opportunity!

Huh... I am a little excited. Actually, I just want to say that becoming a mermaid is really my wish. No matter how you think about my behavior, I will not regret it. My family also supports me.

In addition, I am still single now, but my father and mermaid dad told me that I can't fall in love too early, so I am sorry! But still thank you for your maintenance. *罒▽罒*

2888L: I am 2520, I support you, you are right!

Cute little mermaid, you are so cute, I will not force you, but can you add a friend first? I really appreciate your attitude and be a friend.

2999L: I want to add friends, although I have never seen you, but I think you are my destiny! We must have a fate!

3113L: 2999 floor away! I am the one who comes first! Do not play my little mermaid! (╯‵□')╯(┻━┻

......

As the posts get hotter and hotter, several humans have applied to become mermaids in their posts and have all got their wish.

Most people nowadays only mention equality. The thought is that the mermaid is oppressed by human beings and is treated very unfairly.

But in fact, inequality also exists within humans.

Although the vast majority of humans feel that human beings are superior to humans, there are still very few humans who are very envious of human beings.

They are eager to become friends with the mermaid, and even eager to become a mermaid, but because the human environment is here, even if they have such an idea, they can only be careful to hide and squat, and they dare not show it.

This situation is actually an inequality.

The post published by Su Shi is to make up for this inequality. Although this situation is very rare, they do exist.

In the first few thousand floors of the post, only two people applied to become mermaid. After all, many people are not sure about the authenticity of this post, and they are all onlookers.

As the floor of the post is getting higher and higher, more and more people have successfully become mermaids, and more and more people have responded to the application in the post. After three days, more than 200 people have responded. It is.

Su Shi is not in a hurry. Anyway, the post is placed there. When someone responds to the application, the ball can also be handled directly. The question he is considering now is what mission background should be chosen for the next mission world.

Now the problem of the world has been solved almost, and his main task has been completed almost, and then it is almost sweet and sweet with his lover.

After Su Shi thought for a while, he called the ball: "The ball, can you find out how complete the soul fragments in the package have been?"

After so many worlds, the ray of soul in the parcel has become brighter and brighter, but nothing else has changed.

The ball shook his head, and I was embarrassed to say: "I don't know much about the soul fragments. If it's not the result of your own analysis by the host, I might really think of it as a normal reward item."

Su Shi clicked on the desktop, and after a moment of contemplation, he said: "The next mission world, choose the game background, I have to try."

Although he can now shuttle through different mission worlds, one day, Su Shi will return to the real world, and he will never be able to discard his lover in these virtual mission worlds.

The game world is a virtual world built in the real world. He intends to use this background to try first and see if his guess is right.

Only such a guess can be implemented, and there is a possibility of further operation.

The ball has no opinion on the choice of the host, and nodded: "Okay, is the host adult now choosing the character corresponding to the branch task?"

"For the time being, don't wait, wait." Su Shi looked at the ball and shook his head.

These Tian Suzhen actually have been observing the ball. The previous mermaid suddenly became a human thing, and it has not been fundamentally solved. Su Shi naturally did not dare to take it lightly.

Although Su Shi does not want to doubt the ball at all, this matter will be dropped on the ball from any angle. After all, it is only him and the ball that can directly control the contents of the package.

Su Shi does not think that the ball will deliberately deceive him. Even if he does not consider the increasingly intimate relationship between one person and one ball, he should consider it from the perspective of the IQ of the ball. If it really lie, Su Shi must also Will find something.

The ball is an advanced intelligent system. Although he already has his own independent feelings, the overall operation is based on data.

If someone can tamper with the internal data of the ball without knowing it, then its memory is likely to be completely wrong, and this kind of error is impossible to discover.

Reminiscent of the situation of the day, when the ball was about to confess to these days, the problem suddenly happened. It felt like it was deliberately blocking the ball and continuing to talk. This is exactly the day that Su Shi did not. One of the reasons for continuing to ask.

Thinking of this, Su Shi slightly narrowed his eyes, and he already had his own guess in his heart, but this kind of speculation is obviously unable to get the exact answer, so he can only say nothing first and do nothing.






 When the ball saw Su Shi slightly frowning, he couldn't help but ask: "Hosting adults, are you having any problems? Is there anything I can help?"

Su Shi came back and looked at the ball gently: "I am thinking, what should I bring from the world to the next world?"

"Ah, this problem is really difficult." The ball swayed and began to seriously think about it.

The background of this mission world is the future mermaid. The development of science and technology is quite advanced, but this kind of thing is not easy to take away directly, and if it is considered from the perspective of mermaid, there seems to be nothing to take away.

Su Shi thought about this problem, and finally his eyes flashed and said: "Help me prepare ten space stores with large storage capacity. Two space New Zealand stores mechs, one stores twenty spaceships, one for storage. Food and nutrients, one for storing water, one for storing energy, one for treatments and all kinds of drugs, one for storing clothes and smashing shoes and socks, one for storing everyday tools, and the other one empty.

"..." The ball is covered with black lines, and it is weakly open. "Hosting adults, this seems to be no longer a thing?"

Su Shi took a look at the ball and smiled and said: "At this time, do you still want to discuss this meaningless question with me?"

After listening to this, the black line on the ball suddenly fell, and it was weak and powerful: "I... I know."

"In addition," Su Shi looked at the ball seriously and slowly said, "From now on, cut off the connection between you and the package, that is, no one or system other than me is allowed to control the package. ”

The ball heard this and instantly stopped. It looked at Su Shi in a dull manner. After a while, he politely said: "Hosting adults, is... Is it wrong for me?"

Su Shi couldn't explain too much. He could only find a very far-fetched excuse: "It's not your reason. I just fear that you are too hard. I plan to let you rest for a while. When the next world ends, I will give it again. Your permission."

"But I don't feel hard, I don't feel hard at all." The ball looked at Su Shi and looked like he was crying.

Su Shi is also a bit intolerable. After all, the ball has always been very stupid and cute. Now this situation will not be considered as its fault.

However, just in case, Su Shi had to insist: "But in private, isn't it always secretly complaining that I am exploiting and bullying you? Now give you a chance to let you take a break, isn't you still?"

After waiting for the ball to respond, Su Shi directly talked about the next question: "In addition, your core data must be stored, and any flaws in the core data will have a huge impact on you. Do you understand? ”

Although the ball still felt a little sad, but still nodded: "I ... I understand."

Su Shi knows how simple the mind of the ball is, but at this time, he can't say anything more. He can only moderate his attitude and chat with it a lot. This brings his emotions back slightly.

The ball is also really stupid and well-behaved. Although it is difficult to act on its own host, it does not cause any doubts. After this incident, what should still be, how to make it worse. Guilty.

The result of Su Shi’s guilt was that Yaheng had not been able to smoothly transfer his own mermaid to the bed for several days, and he also had negative emotions.

As a result of Ya Heng’s negative emotions, his subordinates in the military began to suffer.

The initiator of the ball that caused all of this was completely unaware of this, and at this point it was talking to a bunch of data.

"Although the host adult will not let me manage his parcel for the time being, but it's okay, I still have a lot of things to do. Are you right?" The ball floated in midair, slowly speaking, unconsciously Floating back and forth.

After stopping, the ball continued to whisper: "And this is only temporary. Later, the host will still let me manage the package for him, so I...but I still feel a little sad, after all, he is my favorite human. ""

To say this, the ball was silent for a while, then shook the body and opened another topic. It looked at the large amount of data piled up in front of him. It was a little low: "Why are you still not aware? This is really true." Is it impossible to succeed? But it doesn't matter, although I really hope that a system can always accompany me, but I am actually very good now, so there is nothing..."

At the end of the day, the ball still couldn't help but sigh. It really envied the envy of the host and the world between the host and the man, but envy was useless. After all, it was not his own.

As a ball of advanced intelligent system, it will not cause strong negative emotions such as sputum on its own host, but sometimes it will be inevitable that it will feel lost and longing for it.

After saying these words, the ball was silent. He sat on the pile of data for a while, then he sighed silently and turned away.

Therefore, the ball did not notice that at the moment when it turned and drifted away, the huge amount of data behind it flashed twice.

Although most of the tasks have been successfully completed, it is a very ambitious task to transform the relationship between the two species. Even in the next few decades, some minor problems still arise from time to time. But they were all quickly solved by Su Shi.

When Su Shi really changed from a small fresh fish to an old salted fish, humans and mermaids have been completely integrated, and it is a complete equality in the short term.

Only the weakness of the mermaid is swaying there. A fishtail is a powerful drawback that limits their own freedom. If this drawback cannot be eradicated, the status of humans and mermaids will slowly tilt over time.

Su Shi naturally took this into consideration, so in the last few years of his life, he let the ball manually adjust the ratio of mermaid and human mermaid to 1:1, and then opened a new skill for the mermaid.

Once the mermaid learns to love and hate, the sound will contain charm, which can confuse people who love or hate to a certain extent.

To put it bluntly, the inspiration for this skill comes from the lover in the fairy tale world, but in order to adjust the balance, he manually added restrictions to this skill.

After all, the charm of this skill is too sinister, if it is available to all, I am afraid that the world will be chaotic, become a strong fish.

Therefore, you can have charm skills only when you fall in love with a human being, or if you really hate a human being because of harm.

And correspondingly, and the effect of this charm skill is actually a bit of a chicken, it can only be used for self-protection, but can not hurt other people.

The implication is that if you want to use the so-called charm skills, let a person who does not love you at all, it is absolutely impossible for you to die.

If you want to use charm skills to hurt someone who has never hurt you, it is impossible.

However, this skill of the chicken ribs can be used as a temporary shield when the humans really want to hurt you, so that the other party can not do so.

In other words, although the name sounds cool, it is actually a bit of self-protection.

However, this skill of the chicken ribs has other help for the mermaid. After the ability to have charm, the sound of the mermaid will become more beautiful, but you can consider developing your career in this direction.

Self-protection ability, coupled with the development of the cause, only the mermaid really have both, in order to truly reach an equal status with humanity.

In this case, a part of Su Shi can make the ball go, and part of it must be handed over to Yaheng.

Yaheng, who has also been dying, can't help but feel guilty after hearing the words of his lover: "We are all so old, how can your mind not be completely placed on me?"

Su Shi replied in an understatement: "Because we still have a lot of time, next life, next life, we will all be together."

Although this statement was dull, it made Yaheng warm in his heart. He hugged Su Shi, and then he posted it with a smile.

At this time, the admiral has become the only marshal of the entire military, and his position in the entire empire is unparalleled.

But when faced with their own cute little mermaid, the Marshal adult will be willing to take off the chilly coat and become a gentle and overbearing big vinegar tank.

Even after so many years, this attribute of the Marshal adult has not changed, but it has changed from a small vinegar to an increasingly thick old vinegar.

After a few more years, Su Shi finally couldn’t move, and couldn’t move. Yaheng couldn’t hold his little mermaid.

In the final time, Su Shi chose to exist in the form of human beings. He and Yaheng were lying together on the soft bed at home, and the two talked about the things they had experienced before.

At the end of the day, Su Shi suddenly sighed with a voice that was already dumb and dumb: "If you don't forget me, then you'll be fine."

Although I never say it, it will not be affected too much, but sometimes Su Shi still inevitably thinks, if you remember so many beautiful people, not just him.

Yaheng smiled and pinched Su Shi’s hand: "I certainly won't forget you."

Su Shi didn’t say anything more, but just shrank into Yaheng’s arms and closed his eyes and whispered: “Then you have to wait for me in your next life.”

"Yeah." Yaheng took it seriously and closed his eyes.

The years are quiet, just because I am fortunate to accompany you to the old.


Arc 9: Spreading IQ For Cannon Ash Refugees

 There was a burst of pain in the head, and there was no pain in the body. Su Shi secretly bite his teeth and slowed it down for a while before he barely opened his eyes, but only felt in front of him. A piece of black.

Behind him was like being burned. Every inch was suffering from endless suffering. Su Shi struggled for a while, then barely climbed up from the ground, but his legs were soft and soft, and Su looked around with his eyebrows. The brow that was so tightly wrinkled was suddenly twisted together.

He remembers that he should have chosen the game world before?

But what is the scene in front of me?

At this time, Su Shi’s foot was on the soft, sandy beach. The front of the sea saw the endless sea, and behind it was the tall and low bushes.

It doesn't look like a normal real world. It's not like a fascinating game world. It's more like... a deserted island?

Su Shi closed her eyes and tried to open it again, but she saw the same scene.

"The ball?" Su Shi tried to call the ball, but the response was only a savoury sea breeze.

Su Shi grew a sigh of relief, and his body weakened and sat back on the hot beach. After a while, he only felt an unbearable pain under his ass.

The daylight here doesn't seem to be a problem, but the temperature is terrible, and the suffering caused by the skin is also very obvious.

Su Shi licked his dry lips, barely climbed up and walked to the bushes, then lay directly under the bushes.

Su Shi is now weak, and there is no comfort in the body. The feet should have been soaked in the air, and the legs are still shaking. The place on the back that has just touched the beach is estimated to have been peeled. Even the brain of the body's command center, at this moment, is also uncontrollably painful.

It must be something wrong, I will appear here, facing this situation.

Su Shi used a soft finger to press the temple that was suddenly jumping, and he sinked his heart to analyze the current situation.

This is definitely not a game world, and the ball has disappeared like the last time. He has not received any information about the plot, he does not understand the content of the main task, and he does not know who the lover in this mission world is.

To sum up, Su Shi is now not only in a state of sorrow, but also in a state of blackness.

Su Shi immediately opened the parcel, and after a certain amount of things in the package, including the lover's soul fragments are still behind, only a long sigh of relief.

It was too uncomfortable for him. Su Shi looked up and down and looked around. He saw a desolate place around him, and there was no trace left by anyone. He simply took a washful marrow from the parcel and swallowed it into his mouth.

Because of the influence and restrictions of the current world rules, the effect of washing the marrow is greatly reduced. After nearly half an hour or so, Su Shi just felt that the pain of the whole body had disappeared, and the body had regained strength.

The effect of washing the marrow is here, and it has become an ordinary physical fitness.

From this, it can be roughly judged that human beings in this world background should not have any abilities, which makes Su Shi a little relieved.

After taking off another Gu Gudan, Su Shi got up from the ground. He thought about it and took out the space that he brought from the last mission world.

Su Shi took out the space button to store the spaceship, but due to the task of the world rules, when he took out the things inside, the tall spacecraft has become an ordinary off-road vehicle.

Su Shi suddenly had some idea of ​​what to put on, and he checked the remaining space, and found that except for food and water, other items were more or less deteriorated.

The energy source became gasoline, and the therapeutic device became an ordinary inspection instrument. The function of the drug did not change, but the effect was greatly reduced.

But the space in which the armor was stored, nothing changed in it.

Su Shi’s gaze flashed slightly, and then there was no change in the space used to store these items. He seemed to have some rules in his vagueness.

The rules of each world can only constrain the objects in the world, and when the items of other worlds enter the world, the rules of the world will be compared and modified according to similar items already in the world.

But what if there is nothing in the world that is similar to the corresponding item?

Washing the marrow can become a health care product for physical fitness. The spacecraft can be turned into an off-road vehicle. The energy source can be turned into gasoline, but the mech and the space can not find a reference.

Both of these are the products of high-tech development. In the current ordinary world background, there may not be even the most basic concepts, let alone find similar items.

In other words, when an item has been removed from the jurisdiction of this world background, it will no longer be affected by world rules.

This is definitely an accidental surprise for Su Shi. In the ordinary world background, this kind of thing is very counter-attack.

Su Shi was in a good mood to reclaim the space, and then sat on an off-road vehicle and began to travel deep into the island.

There is no ball and a lover around. The current Su Shi is a person in the true sense. If he was a Su Shi, he might not have any special feelings, but now he is used to being accompanied, sometimes it is inevitable that some Lonely.

As he drove the off-road vehicle in the increasingly dense forest, he took a deep breath and didn't know where the ball and his lover are now.

After a long time, Su Shi did not see a figure. Although this forest looks dense, there is no shadow of an animal in the woods. Even the birds are very rare. This makes Su Shi feel a little weird. .

No one, no animals, what the **** is here?

In the evening, the surrounding temperature suddenly dropped, like a change from a hot summer to a cold winter. Although Su Shi ate a downgraded version of the marrow-washing Dan, the body became stronger and stronger, but it was impossible to withstand such severe cold. .

Su Shi stood on the side of the off-road vehicle and stumbled. Finally, he could only move a mech in the space and climbed in.

Although there are some overkills, Su Shi really feels warmer after climbing into the mech, and the cold outside is no longer there.

After spending the night, Su Shi continued to explore on the deserted island the next day. Anyway, he is now full of food, and he is resistant to the cold and resists the heat. There is nothing to worry about.

After another two days, Su Shi almost turned the entire desert island again. Just thinking about whether he should leave the mech first, or temporarily become a mermaid, when he went to the nearby sea to see it, finally somebody is coming.

These people drifted from the sea. When Su Shi discovered them, these people were lying on the beach in a coma.

From their clothes, they are very common, and they can't judge their identity. From the point of view, these people have blonde hair, some black hair and yellow skin, and others look very dark.

The sun is now flourishing. If these people are left alone, they will not die because of them, but they will probably feel as uncomfortable as they just woke up later.

Although Su Shi has no sympathy, but thinks that these people may be related to the plot, it is also very likely to contain their own lover, they are very kindly dragged all these people under the bushes.

After moving the people, Su Shi looked at them carefully, but because these people were all in a coma, and in the water for a long time, these people’s faces looked strange, Su I don’t think I can tell which one is my own lover.

Bored, Su Shi simply went to the nearby Qiang Chai, although he had never used this kind of thing before, but now there are outsiders, and he is not good to take food out of his own package. It is impossible to drill into the mech at night, so firewood becomes an essential heating item.

After a wave of dry wood, Su Shi came back with dry firewood, his eyes swept over several people lying on the side, and Su Shi’s foot stopped suddenly. Although he did not deliberately remember, he clearly realized that There is one person missing here.

Just as he was puzzled by this, and when he was alert, there was a heavy gasp behind him. He looked back and saw a black-haired man, standing behind him, holding it in his hand. A sharp dagger.

Su Shi licked his lips. Obviously, this person just planned to sneak himself from behind, but he did not know what caused the sudden sound, and he caught his attention in advance.

The man looked at Su Shi with vigilance, his eyes were deep and cold, and Su Shi was watching the man, his expression looked very calm.

Although the man’s gaze was cold, it seemed to be attached with a layer of fog. His lips were pale, but his cheeks were floating with a clear blush. Plus he had just had a heavy gasp, it was obvious that he was not feeling well now. It should have been a high fever.

For such a guilty guy, Su Shi does not need to feel fear.

He bent down and put the dry wood in his arms down, then turned to look at the man, and said slowly: "Are you awake? I am preparing to order dry wood, burn some hot water, you have to come over. Help?"

The man still held the dagger and stared at Su Shi’s every move. After a while, he said with an unusually low-pitched voice: “You were here before.”

The implication is that you and us are not all the way, I can't believe you.

Su Shi heard the words and couldn't help but reveal a harmless smile: "I did be here before, but if I really want to be against you, do you think you still have a chance to wake up? Look at them."

After all, Su Shi took a pair of big eyes filled with harmless eyes and looked at the man.

The man also looked at Su Shi in a censored manner. After a while, the man took the dagger and walked over step by step. However, just before he came to Su Shi, he went straight to the body of Su Shi.





 For a moment, Su Shi wanted to escape directly, but suddenly there was a deep condensed gaze in his mind, so when he returned, his hands had spontaneously caught the man's body.

Su Shi put the man on the ground and reached for his forehead. The tentacle was hot.

After thinking about it, Su Shi first took out the props that he had previously exchanged, the Eye of the Soul, from the package, and glanced over the man who was leaning against himself, and then silently picked up the props.

Su Shi originally intended to give this person a little antipyretic and anti-inflammatory drugs, but now he changed his mind. He took a washing marrow from the package and directly took the men to the water.

After doing this, Su Shi put the man's head on his lap and then sat next to the man and started to stay.

Although the world is very inexplicable, the ball has disappeared, but at least his own lover has come to his side, and he is no longer alone.

Su Shi was in a daze, and from time to time touched the lover's forehead, and determined that the marrow-washing Dan had already played a role. After the other party had no longer had a fever, he completely let go of his heart.

When the sun was slanting, the group of people was awake, and the first to wake up was a blond pair of men and women.

Su Shi looked up at the two men and was trying to put some useful information out of their mouths. I listened to the two people talking about themselves and using English first.

……English?

Hehe, wearing so many worlds, this is the first time Su Shi met this language, even before the mission world in the interstellar background, everyone is also using the Chinese language of the word circle?

Although Su Shi could understand English very well, he didn't listen very well, and then he made a very petty decision.

Su Shi got the information she wanted from the conversation between the two people. When she pretended to be completely incomprehensible, she looked at the two from time to time. After a few minutes, the pair of men and women finally noticed the existence of Su Shi. .

They looked at Su Shi together, and the opening was a long paragraph of English.

Su Shi immediately put a question mark on his face: "???" What are you talking about? I can't understand it at all!

The two men and the ducks spoke to Su Shi a few words, and saw that the other party did not respond at all, and this had to be temporarily abandoned.

The two looked around and immediately noticed the second goal besides Su Shi, the pile of firewood, and whoever they got the firewood, went straight and lit the firewood.

Su Shi looked at the men in the two men and took out a good lighter from their trouser pockets. They didn’t know what to put on their faces. They all drifted in the sea for so long, and the things were intact. It’s also amazing to stay in my pocket.

After the fire was picked up, the pair of men and women simply stayed around the fire and continued to speak, no matter where they were sitting near Su Shi, or other people lying on the ground, it looked like there was only around. They are two people.

Su Shizhong flashed a cold feeling, simply removed the lover's head first, then went to the other side, and ordered another fire. As for the way of ignition, it was natural to go directly to the two people to get the fire. .

Su Shi’s boyfriend hurriedly held the lover to the side of the fire, and carefully set the posture, and then did not manage other people.

After a while, those who were still lying on the cold sand surface woke up one after another. After figuring out the situation at this time, some of them went to the two people, warmed up and exchanged expressions with rich expressions.

Others carefully ran to Su Shi's side, first asked for advice, then dared to sit on the side of the fire, just to see Su Shi's face is not very good, so did not dare to speak more.

By the time everyone wakes up, everyone has been very clearly divided into two camps, one lineup is the non-black hair black camp camped around the men and women, a total of eight people.

The other is a black-haired black camp centered on Su Shi, with only four people.

Because of the gap in the number of people, the two awake friends who are close together on Su Shi’s side seem to be a little uneasy, but Su Shi does not care about them. He is bored listening to the conversation from the fire next door.

The woman who first woke up was named Linna. At this time, she was helpless and said: "Hankes, we should not argue now who is responsible for this matter. What we have to do is to leave this ghost place as soon as possible. !"

The man who woke up with her was named Brooke. He nodded and said: "The environment here is very bad. We must first ensure that we can survive. Otherwise, other things have no meaning."

Hanks snorted heavily and finally stopped complaining. Instead, he asked: "What do you say we should do now?"

"Of course, we have to find enough food so that we can survive," Brooke ordered directly. "You guys are going to find food, and I am waiting for you here."

Several other people were suddenly dissatisfied: "Why are we going to find food, we can also stay and see the fire."

Linna lifted her chin and took it for granted: "Of course, because these dry woods are what we found, this pile of fire is also our point. If we don't have us, maybe you have already frozen."

Su Shi, who was eavesdropping next to him, couldn’t help but turn a blind eye after hearing this sentence. The two men were swearing that they couldn’t understand English, so they dared to blatantly put credits that were not their own. Take it on your body?

The rest of the people heard the words and couldn’t find the language of rebuttal. But these people argued fiercely for a while before they decided that three of them would look for food, and the rest would be kept. Night vigil.

Su Shi had already carefully turned around on this desert island. Except for some wild fruits on the tree, there were no edible animals at all.

So an hour later, when the three men were reprimanded by their companions because they only brought back a wild fruit, Su Shi was not surprised.

It was at this time that the lover who had been sleeping before finally woke up.

In addition to the initial realization that he was lying on someone else's lap, the lover's eyes flashed a bit of a strange, other times he seemed to just sleep.

First calmly calmly sit up from the ground, then look at the people around the fire, and use the light to pass over the other eight people around the fire, and finally set his eyes on Su Shi, he It was just on the leg of this person.

Su Shi smiled broadly at him and said: "Hello, my name is Su Shi. I used to save you ashore. I just helped you to have a fever. When you sleep, it is also on my lap. of."

When I spoke this sentence, Su Shi’s face was still with a smile that was “I am your savior, and hurry to come and see you.”

The man was only fixedly watching Su Shi, next to the still slightly pale lips, silent.

Su Shi did not mind, but continued half-truthfully: "I was also rushed from the sea, but earlier than you, I have been here for a day."

The man still didn't talk. Instead, the other two people sitting on the side of the fire opened their mouths. After expressing their gratitude, they simply introduced themselves.

The two men are brothers, one is Zhao Shun and the other is Zhao Li. They have organized a group to participate in a tourism project. The result is a shipwreck in somehow, drifting to this island.

After the two men finished their self-introduction, their two eyes, together with Su Shi’s gaze, fell on the man who had been screaming.

After a short while, the man finally opened his mouth, but only spit out a sentence that made Su Shi know what to say: "I don't remember anything."

"..." Su Shi looked at her lover in a complicated way, but she felt that she was speechless. Although amnesia also has the benefits of amnesia, can I not come back to such a dog?

Instead, Zhao Shun and Zhao Li both heard the expression and expressed their concern. Zhao Shun said: "It will not be the time before the shipwreck. What hurts you? Then I did not see it on the cruise. When have you been, when did you get on board?"

Zhao Shun’s voice just fell, and Zhao Li took a picture: “You are stupid, did he just say that he lost his memory? How can you remember when he got on the boat?”

Zhao Shun smiled embarrassedly, and was about to say something, but his stomach was very untimely screaming.

"No... sorry." Zhao Shun's face was red.

Zhao Li looked at his brother and volunteered to stand up and said: "You should sit here for a while, and we will go around and see if we can find anything to eat."

Zhao Shun didn't think much about it. He stood up with his brother. Su Shi glanced at the two and nodded. "That's hard work for you."

The memory of the amnesia is sitting next to Su Shi, and there is nothing to say about the face.

After waiting for the two to leave, Su Shi came to the lover's side and said: "Do you remember your name?"

The man shook his head, and even at this time, his body was still very tight, just like being alert at all times.

"Then I will call you dear?" Su Shi smiled slightly, and saw each other's eyes swept over, only to squint and change his mouth. "This kind of title does not seem to be suitable for public use, then you will give it Think of a temporary name yourself."

The man stared at Su Shi for a while, and opened his lips with a low-pitched voice: "Ling Tian, ​​you call me this name."





 Su Shi’s nephew slammed and his palms tightened, but his face was still smiling with a light smile: “This name sounds good, how did you think of it?”

"I don't know," the man shook his head. It seemed to be a little confused. "After you just said your name, I suddenly... Do you call this name before?"

Su Shi’s heart trembled and secretly took a deep breath, only to suppress the instigation and sourness in his heart: “It’s possible, but the name is really nice, yes, Ling Tian?”

Ling Tian did not speak any more, just continued to stare seriously at Su Shi.

Su Shi’s heart was still not calm. Some people did not dare to look at each other. He thought about it. He simply stood up and walked to another fire near the fire.

When someone approached, the eight people suddenly watched with vigilance. Someone asked in English: "What do you want to do?"

Su Shi pretended not to understand, but pointed to the fruits held in the hands of those people, but also pointed to their own mouth, although did not speak, but the meaning was very clear.

I am hungry, can you give me some food?

When they saw Su Shi’s action, the eight people were even more vigilant. They shook their heads and glared at Su Shi, trying to drive him away with his eyes.

Su Shi felt very ridiculous in his heart, but on the surface he pretended to be pitiful, licking his stomach, and looking at the fruit in their hands, and finally put a finger up.

I am really hungry, even if I only give me a fruit.

This kind of appearance not only did not arouse the sympathy of these people, but made them even more angry. Some of them even stood up with a clear malicious voice: "Please leave quickly, we are not welcome here! Now In this case, we have no obligation to sympathize with you!"

Su Shi still didn't go, and continued to stand there pitifully. The man actually strode straight over and reached out to push Su Shi, but his hand had not touched Su Shi’s body and was taken from the side. One hand that was stretched out caught it, and a scream was screaming in his mouth.

Su Shi slightly bowed his head, only to find out that Ling Tian did not know when he was standing behind him. When he saw him, Ling Tian was very serious and said: "If you want those fruits, I can help you." ”

"..." I just feel bored, so I thought I would give myself a chance to smack my face, but Su Shi certainly couldn’t really answer this. He patted Ling Tian’s arm and calmed him. “I’m fine. Let's go back to the roasting fire, so it's too cold to stand up."

Ling Tian released his hand and pushed the man to fall to the ground. The man mourned and cursed a few times on the ground, but no one in his companion volunteered to help him or do something for him.

Back to the fire, Su Shi smiled and talked with Ling Tian for a while, Zhao Shun and Zhao Li brothers came back, but they only held a few wild fruits in their hands, no other gains.

Zhao Shun handed the wild fruit in his hand to Su Shi and said with an apology: "It's too cold outside, so we didn't go far, just find this food, you should eat it first."

Zhao Li also handed it to Ling Tian. They obviously intended to give these foods to Su Shi and Ling Tian first, so that they both wrap their belly.

Su Shi blinked and smiled and asked: "Do you both eat?"

"We take a break for a while, and then go out and go around later, we should be able to find something back." Zhao Li explained.

Zhao Shun was embarrassed by Su Shi and explained: "This fire is what you raised. We should help you find something to eat."

"What about him?" Su Shi raised his finger and pointed to Ling Tian. Ling Tian woke up later than they did, and did nothing afterwards.

Zhao Shun did not hesitate to answer: "Is he not amnesia now? Just after a fever, we can't let him go out and find food by himself?"

Su Shi suddenly picked up his eyebrows. In fact, regardless of the story of the mission world, he intended to manage his own lover. Others would be fine, but now he has changed his mind slightly.

Su Shi took the fruit and ate two. Seeing Zhao Shun and Zhao Li, although they swallowed their mouths from time to time, they had no other negative emotions, and they were more certain about the changes in their own ideas.

He waved his hand at the two people. After seeing the two men come together, they lowered their voices and said: "In fact, I was lucky when I drifted over, there are some foods, but I was hiding in another place, I am now Go and get it, so we can have something to eat."

Upon hearing these words, Zhao Shun and Zhao Li’s eyes suddenly brightened, but then their eyes turned to the eight people next door, some hesitantly said: “Or do you forget it, you go straight to eat something, then come back Just do, don't take things over, after all, there are so many people."

"Nothing." Su Shi just patted Zhao Shun's shoulder and pulled Ling Tian directly away from the fire.

After the two did not go far, and determined that they had left the eyes of the crowd, Su Shi stopped, and then took a package of food directly from his parcel in the face of Ling Tian.

Ling Tian just looked at it silently, and the dark scorpion flashed a faint glow, staring at Su Shi.

After taking out the food, Su Shi did not delay, and directly took things and took Ling Tian back. The weather here was too cold.

Zhao Shun and Zhao Li didn't expect the two to come back so soon, and they still carried a big bag of things in their hands, and suddenly their eyes were bright.

The eight men around the fire saw this scene, and their expressions became strange. They had doubts, some contemplations, and some directly and brazenly revealed the color of greed.

Su Shi looked as usual and walked back to the fire to sit down, and then opened the bag in his hand, which contained a lot of convenient food, bread, ham, milk, fresh fruit, and even There are well-packaged sandwiches and pancakes.

"This... these things... how come..." Zhao Shun and Zhao Lizhen had big eyes and their faces were full of shock and surprise.

Su Shi just smiled and gave food to the two brothers. He smiled and said: "So I am lucky."

It is so lucky to have such a rich and delicious food in this environment. Therefore, when I received the food, the two brothers were very excited. They thanked Su Shi again and again, and felt very embarrassed: "We both Almost nothing has been done."

"After you have a hard time." Su Shi just smiled and took a sentence, then turned around and sent food to her lover.

Ling Tian stared at Su Shi’s finger and looked at it for a while. He whispered “Thank you,” he was about to pick up the food he had given to him. He saw two people standing up next to the fire. .

It was Lina and Brooke who came over.

The two walked to Su Shi, first smiled politely, and then said in English: "Hello, where did your food come from? Can you tell us?"

Su Shi’s gaze glanced at Linna and Brooke, posing an innocent expression of “What are you talking about, I can’t understand at all”.

It was Zhao Shun and Zhao Li who couldn't help but cautiously protect their food and put on a vigilant look.

In desperation, the two can only try to express their meaning with expressions and movements.

Su Shi finally understood what they meant, but his reaction was to shake his head and glare at each other.

This expression made the two of them suddenly recall the situation when they just tried to get rid of the dark-haired boy.

But blame, they still did not leave directly, but put on a more friendly gesture, and further expressed their meaning through action: "We don't want your food, just want to know the source of these foods."

Su Shi pointed to the food and pointed to himself. The meaning was clear: "These foods are all, mine."

After some physical communication, the opinions of the two sides could not reach an agreement. Linna and Brooke wanted to communicate with the other three people, but the results obviously failed. Although they felt unwilling, they could only step back to themselves. The fire went over there.

Hanks immediately asked, "How? What do they say?"

Linna shook her head helplessly and angrily: "They simply can't understand our words, and they don't want to tell us the source of the food."

"They are too stingy!" Hanks screamed and seemed to have completely forgotten how he had just driven the other away. "Since everyone is in the same situation, then there is food that should be shared by everyone." !"

Brooke’s face is not very good-looking: “But they don’t want to, we have no way.”

Another tall black Yorkman’s face was gloomy: “Since they are so uninteresting, it’s better to grab the food directly!”

Several other people, look at me, I look at you, no one can have the courage to directly refrain from denying such words.

But in the end, no one really did it. They have already fallen into this deserted island. They are very uncomfortable and hungry. But everyone is a civilized person. It is the first day in this situation. For a time, I can't help but abandon my conscience and really do what.

But when they struggled for a whole night, and the next morning was hungry and awakened by a strong aroma, the situation became a bit different.





 The bonfire not far away is still burning, but it is covered with a metal pot that I don't know where to find it. It is full of steaming heat and rich aroma.

The few people who were forced to wake up had not had time to open their eyes, and they couldn’t help but take a breath. The scent contained a strong flavour, fresh bamboo shoots, heavy sauce, and a few sweets. .

At this time, there were four black-haired black-skinned young people sitting around the metal pot, and the eyes of the two seemed to be glued to the metal pot, squinting and looking inward.

Another young man was screaming at something, his mouth was hanging with a leisurely smile, and the other one was looking at the young man around him. He didn’t look at what he was doing in his hands, but he kept staring at each other. The face is unscrupulous.

A few minutes later, the young man threw his hand into the pot, and suddenly a more attractive aroma came out, and everyone swallowed his mouth subconsciously.

Just when everyone's eyes were all on the metal pot, Su Shi picked up the spoon and stirred the pot, and began to simmer the soup.

A bowl, a bowl, a bowl, another bowl, just four bowls, the soup in the pot is clean, and there is no residue left.

Ling Tian, ​​who was next to him, took the metal pot off the fire and took the sea bowl that Su Shi handed over.

This bowl is quite delicious. It is actually used to drive the cold. Although the four people spent the night before in the fire, the night temperature here is too low. After a night, it is inevitable. There will be chills and invaders invading the body, making people unable to eat.

Zhao Shun and Zhao Li are holding a bowl of steaming hot air, and glanced at Su Shi with a grateful face. They simply don't know how to express their excitement.

Su Shi’s expression was faint. It seemed that she did not see the excitement on the faces of the two men, and did not notice the eyes of those around them like a wolf: “Drink it hot, there is still something to do during the day.”

As far as this situation is concerned, it is estimated that it is impossible to leave this desert island in the near future. When he was alone, he could hide in the mech, but now there are so many people, he always has to give himself a A place to stay.

The four were drinking satisfied soup, and a few people next to the fire had been swiftly entraining them. They swallowed the bowl in the hands of Su Shi and said, "What is this?"

Su Shi looked back at the man and looked at it. He was also a ignorant person who couldn’t understand anything. He also deliberately drank the soup in front of the other person’s face, and then he heard the other person’s eyes screaming and screaming. The face is red.

Su Shi smiled slightly, turned his back to the man, and clearly hidden the bowl in his hand. The Zhao brothers also subconsciously followed the same movement.

As for Ling Tian, ​​although he did not change his position in the bowl, he did not deliberately hide it, but his cold face was still no one dared to hit the idea of ​​his hand.

"..." Brooke's face turned from red to green, and his expression solidified.

When York saw it, he immediately angered: "They are too ignorant, and we still tolerate what to do!"

As he said, Brooke had an action on his hand. He rudely reached out to the bowl in Su Shi's hand. However, in the next step, a scream in the mouth was heard.

Su Shi held the bowl and grinned, smiling at the face that was close to the twist in front of him. The first time he opened his mouth in standard English: "Just grab someone else's things, but it's not right."

York’s expression was really distorted. He gnashed his teeth and said: “You can speak English! Then you...”

"I do speak English and I can understand English, but I don't want to say it," Su Shi's gaze swept through the eight people and played with authenticity. "And this will be the last sentence I said in English, if later If you want to communicate with me, it is best to learn to use Chinese first."

After that, Su Shi also drank a mouthful of soup, which was quite self-willed, but Su Shi now has the food to be willful, and others have no way to take him.

If you don't want to speak Chinese, then don't want my food. Anyway, I don't mind.

The eight men were swept by Su Shi’s gaze, and some of them suddenly had a cold back, but they thought that they had a clear advantage in the number of people on the other side, and the other three people looked weak except for the one who had just started. They each looked at each other and actually gave birth to a bold idea.

As long as these few people do not exist, then their food is not their own?

If they were in the past, I am afraid that they will never give birth to such bold and sinister thoughts, but now they do not know how long they have drifted at sea, and they have been frozen for a night in this harsh environment. They are sore in the morning and are hungry and hungry. Some decisions are not so difficult.

After eight people exchanged their eyes with each other, they slowly surrounded the four people who were holding bowls of hot soup on the side of the fire.

But even if they have already had bad thoughts in their hearts, these people still want to pretend to be civilized. Brooke said with a slap in the face: "We just want a little food, don't want to hurt you. If you are interested, give us food. Otherwise we will be welcome."

Su Shi directly returned a white eye, put down the bowl and smiled and said: "Come on!"

Although in this world, the efficacy of the marrow-washing Dan has been compressed very scary, but compared with other people in the world, Su Shi, who took the marrow-washing Dan, is physically taller than these people. The guy is a lot stronger.

However, the Zhao family did not know this. Seeing that both sides were about to start, they immediately put down the bowl and stood up nervously, trying to keep the seemingly thin Su Shi behind.

However, they haven't had time to meet Su Shi. The convenience has been pulled back by Ling Tian, ​​and Ling Tian is still domineering: "He, I am protecting."

...... Wait, although you really want to protect me like this, it really makes me very moved, but I really look so weak?

Su Shi thought a little depressed, and the friendly army did not answer his doubts. Instead, the enemy gave him a very clear answer, because they started to go straight to Su Shi’s direction.

... well, I may seem really weak, and Su Shi sighed a little sadly in her heart.

Almost at the moment of the enemy's hands, Ling Tian quickly retaliated back, almost an action to knock down a person, the posture is fierce and stylish, it looks simply handsome.

Su Shigang wanted to express a few words about his own man, but he immediately thought that the ball still doesn't know where it is, and the mood suddenly fell back.

A battle between the one and the eight has not yet come to the official start, it has already come to a close, Su Shi looked at the enemy troops on the ground, some unhappy: "Hurry up, or I have to do it."

He is speaking Chinese, but the other party can't understand it, but even if they don't understand it, they can guess that this is definitely not an amiable and warm exchange. The eight people now endure the pain of the whole body and even climb the ground. Going back to my own fire.

Here, except Zhao Shun and Zhao Li were shocked by the scene they just saw, the other two people sat back on the side of the fire without any trouble, and continued to drink the soup that had become warm. .

Su Yuke has never been a generous person. How could he just let him go through the game? The reason why he is so generous is to make them better and longer.

The eight men in the next door were taught a pass. Although they were still unwilling and embarrassed, they did not dare to act again.

So when Su Shi finished the soup and didn't know where to pick up a bag full of food, these people had no idea except for the panic acid in the heart, the pain in the stomach, the crying in the mouth, and the straight eyes. .

Zhao Shun and Zhao Li are actually very curious. I don’t know how Su Shi came up with these seemingly fresh foods and fruits, but people are willing to give them these foods and fruits, which has surprised them. And grateful, they naturally will not ask more questions about what should not be asked.

After eating the breakfast, the surrounding temperature has slowly risen. After a few people simply took a break, Su Shi arranged the task for everyone.

As far as the current situation is concerned, it is not known when the plot will unfold, so Su Shi intends to build a small house first, and save four people to sleep together.

Building a house sounds difficult. In fact, it is not so difficult. First choose the location of the house, determine the location and size, and then start cutting wood.

Chopping the wood turned out to be the hardest of these steps. Fortunately, Su Shi had already cut the wood piled up there before, but it saved a lot of trouble.

Then, the eight thick woods were buried in the planned pits, fixed, and then the other pieces of wood on the eight pieces of wood, as well as a thick leaf unique to the desert island.

Of course, those deep pits were also excavated by Su Shi in advance, including those thick leaves, which were already dried.

So after a busy morning, Zhao Shun and Zhao Li were surprised to find that building a house on a deserted island with no foundation was such a simple matter.

They didn't desperately cut trees, they didn't bother to dig pits, and they didn't even have to think about how to make the house cover the wind and rain. Is everything done?

It feels like a dream!





 It is not only the Zhao brothers who feel that they are dreaming, but the eight people who started building simple houses not far away also feel that they are dreaming, but the content of their dreams is completely opposite.

It is obviously a very simple thing in these four people. How did you get here, the difficulty seems to be more than one hundred times?

It was only the time to cut wood, they spent nearly a day, and did not make a decent piece of wood, but at this time the entire house was completed.

So at night, the eight people who had a clear advantage in the number of people could only barely warm up around the fire, and they had successfully settled in the new house.

The houses they built were actually very simple. There was no compartment in the house. It was directly a large space. There was a fire in the middle of the fire. The four sides of the fire were covered with four thick blankets and blankets. Below is a thick base made of dry leaves.

At this time, four people were sitting around the fire, holding the food that Su Shi had taken out.

Zhao Shun bit his mouth with a fresh sandwich of eggs, bacon, pork belly, lettuce, and accidentally bite his tongue, which is completely awake from the feeling of dreaming.

His gaze was first seen in a wooden house that looked a little empty, but much warmer than the outside, and then fell on the thick blanket that had been laid behind him, and then passed through the fire that was burning in front of him, and finally stopped at The hand is fragrant on the food.

He is now... is it really on a desolate and terrible island?

Why did he actually... feel a little warm?

Zhao Li sitting next to him has the same dream feeling at this time. Their current situation is not so much that they are trapped on a desert island. It is better to go out and play camping and experience life.

This feeling is really subtle. Zhao Li enjoys the sandwiches with rich ingredients on his hands and squats on Su Shi. They are now able to live so leisurely on this desert island, all because of this person. .

His body is like a versatile pocket with everything in it.

Just like the delicious fresh food they have eaten in the past two days, the pots and pans used in the morning and at noon, and the soft and warm blankets that are now laid behind them, everything is too magical. .

Su Shi himself has no feelings. At this time, he is considering the story. Although many aspects of the world look very strange, but he is now in the mission world, always need to start the plot?

Nowadays this group of people are trapped on this deserted island, and the plot should be related to this, but he has almost visited the entire desert island all over the place, and found no abnormalities, so the plot is in the end. Where is it?

"What are you thinking about?" Suddenly a low voice came from the ear, and Su Shi looked up and saw Ling Tianzheng looking at himself without hesitation.

Su Shi snorted a little, then opened his mouth and smiled at Ling Tian: "Nothing, just thinking about what to eat tomorrow morning."

The former Su Shi was very annoying and bored, so in the first world, he deliberately guided himself and Chu Yuyan to come together.

But now, he actually feels that even if there is no bizarre ups and downs, let him and his lover live together on this island for a lifetime, it seems that it is not an unacceptable thing.

Ling Tian didn't know Su Shi's thoughts at the moment, but he really really thought about it, and then he replied in a serious way: "I will eat the food you prepared."

Su Shi couldn't help but smile more happily: "Oh, then I will prepare dumplings, oil cakes and soy milk tomorrow morning, and then porridge and side dishes."

Zhao Shun and Zhao Li on the side of "..." looked at each other in a weird look, their eyes were very subtle, even the hot things like Xiaolongbao and Soymilk could be made out? This is too illusory, right?

Then, the next morning, when they woke up, they really ate the steaming dumplings, butter cakes, sweet and delicious soy milk and rice porridge.

Well, they are very sure now that Su Shi’s body has a universal pocket.

And when Su Shi casually ate a hot breakfast, the eight people next door were waking up from the cold nightmare, sadly smelling the rich fragrance floating in the air.

This is simply too torturous!

However, the combined value of their eight people is not the same as the other, so even if they are envious of hatred, they can only be hard at this time.

After two days of baptism on the desert island, these people are no longer the same as the original model, the face is not only thin, but also a black circle, the body is also very wolf, and even the pieces of clothes are not changed.

Eight people hold a few fruits in their hands, but they are hungry and panic, their hands and feet are soft, and there are some things that can't be eaten. After all, this fruit tastes not good, and it doesn't matter at all.

Linna’s gaze looked at the blue sea in front of her, but she really didn’t appreciate the beauty, but she didn’t know what to expect. Her eyes suddenly brightened: “Wait! I seem to think of a new way to find food!”

"What's the new way?" Brooke looked at Linna with no eyes, and the tone of his voice was weak. "We are not the opponents of the four people, we can't get their food at all."

Although I don't want to think about it, they are not really opponents of those people.

Linna pointed her finger at the sea: "I mean there! We used to look for food on the desert island but forgot the sea!"

The eyes of other people suddenly fell to the sparkling sea, there must be a lot of fish, they did not think of it before!

However, some people hesitated to say: "Is there a danger in the sea of ​​this place? After all, unlike the seas that I used to play, there are safe areas, but there is nothing here."

York is already full of fierce words: "That is always better than starving directly here!"

When I heard this, other people suddenly said nothing. Although there are still wild fruits that can barely strengthen the belly, they are now in a state of severe hunger almost all the time. The taste of starvation is really uncomfortable, and if they continue to do so, they Maybe it will be starved to death.

Eight people quickly made up their minds, and even if they tried their luck, they must never let go of such an opportunity.

But when it was discussed who went to the sea to check the situation, the eight people had a big difference. They all knew that there were countless dangers hidden in this unknown sea. Naturally, no one wanted to play this head. .

After some quarrels, it was finally agreed that the first day by York and Brooke, first went to the sea to explore the situation.

The water quality of these two people is the best, so even if they are reluctant, they are assigned.

They don't have any equipment available right now, so they can only take off their tops and go straight into the sea wearing big pants. Others are waiting at the beach.

They looked at the two people floating up and down in the sea. I didn't expect that after more than ten minutes, the two actually caught a fish and surprised the people waiting on the beach.

In the next hour, the two men caught three small fish, a few crabs, and some shells. The harvest was quite rich.

By noon, these people did not have to continue to lick the fruits of the taste. They set fire and baked several fish. The crabs and shells were slowly grilled on the side of the fire.

Eyes staring at the fish on the fire, eight people almost tears, this is the first lunch they have eaten after they came here.

But soon they quarreled because of the distribution of food. There were only four fish in total, but they had eight people. Everyone wanted to eat fresh and delicious fish instead of hard crabs or no meat. shell.

The warm atmosphere that was just established was thus broken.

Su Shi does not care what these people are doing. Anyway, he now has food and drink, and the lover who has lost his memory is always enjoying it. Naturally, he does not need to compare with others.

He is still thinking about the plot. He has been on this desert island for several days, but now it is calm and there is no sign of any plot. It’s hard to be the main story of the present is to let him and the eight people fight Fighting? But the eight people are really not fighting.

In the next two days, Su Shi has been plagued by this incident. When she is free, she will cultivate her feelings with her lover. There is nothing else to do.

Until the fourth day of the day, he was pulling Ling Tian slowly on the already cooled beach, and suddenly he felt a shock in his feet, as if an earthquake occurred.

Ling Tian subconsciously gripped Su Shi’s hand and pulled him into his arms. Su Shi’s heart was also somewhat boring, and at the same time a little sweet. Although the lover is now in amnesia, his maintenance has always been clear. Very careful.

At this time, he even slammed Su Shi with one hand and patted it on his back with one hand. In his mouth, he even said a simple comforting speech with a low voice: "Don't be afraid, there is me."

Su Shi really didn't feel scared, but he still leaned on Ling Tian's arms and couldn't help but bend his mouth.

After a few minutes, the vibration at the foot finally stopped. Su Shi and Ling Tian immediately walked back, and then they saw the six people next door standing on the beach and watching the sea anxiously.

Su Shi’s gaze flashed slightly, and a thought appeared in his mind. Did the plot finally begin?






 "Ah!" Suddenly, Lina made a scream in her mouth. Her finger trembled on the sea. "Red! How is the sea there red? How come..."

Everyone looked over there, and then they thought of a possibility at the same time, but now no one speaks.

They subconsciously stepped back, and waited for about half an hour there, and did not wait until the two returned to the beach.

It was the piece of sea that had just floated and he had already turned back to its original shape because of the circulation of the waves, and there was no clue.

At this point, everyone has a definitive answer in their hearts, and this answer only makes them feel scared.

The original eight people became six because of this accident, and they no longer dare to go into the sea to find food, but this is just the beginning of a disaster.

Su Shi has a hunch that the real story should start soon, but that is obviously not a good thing.

In the evening, the four people ate dinner as usual, and after a leisurely activity for a while, they lay on the blankets and prepared to rest.

Su Shi seems to be asleep, but he has always been concerned about the movements around him. The location they chose to build the wooden house is located in the center of the desert island.

And the eight people didn't know what to think about. The place where they are resting now is also not far from the wooden house, so now all the living people are gathered around here.

Now that there is no round ball, Su Shi can only explore the situation as much as possible to avoid missing important story information.

Fortunately, he took the brainwashing Dan before, and his physical condition improved greatly. Otherwise, he didn't have the energy to stay up all night, but he was so, after a few hours, his consciousness gradually became a little fuzzy.

At this time, not far from the fire outside the wooden house, none of the six people were sleepy. They witnessed two people who stood still with themselves at the moment and lost their lives in the sea at the next moment. The feeling of panic was still deeply imprinted in their hearts until now.

There is another problem that makes them feel very worried. If they can't go to the sea to find food, they may really be starved to death soon.

Now they can't sleep, and a large part of them are because they are too hungry.

Linna held her knees with her arms and looked at the wooden house not far from time to time: "We...we will ask them again, they should have a lot of food, maybe we can give it to us?"

"How is this possible? The few people are so bad that it is impossible to help us!" York was angry.

Brooke couldn't help but sigh heavily, and some powerlessly said: "It was also the attitude we used to be too bad at the beginning. If he asked us for wild fruits, we would give him words, he might not Treat us like this."

"At that time, he must have been deliberate. He clearly had food and deliberately asked for something from us!" York slammed his fist in annoyance, but he was very weak because he had not eaten for a few days.

Brooke frowned at him, a little bit blaming: "Even if he was deliberately testing us, but if you don't do it too much, he may not be so indifferent to us."

"Are you blaming me?! But at the time you were different, didn't you give him the fruit? What qualifications do you have to blame me?" York was so angry that his eyes would stand out.

I heard that several people suddenly bowed their heads and didn’t talk. Although they knew that the other party would be so indifferent, a large part of the reason was because of that time, but if they were to experience such a thing again, They may still refuse to directly reject each other.

Human nature is sometimes so selfish, and because of this selfishness, when you get the corresponding bad results, even if you want to complain, you can't blame others.

York saw that everyone didn't talk, and he was angry and angry: "The guy with dark hair is too much. He can clearly understand what we are talking about, but deliberately ignores us. It's awful!"

Lina forced herself to hold herself tighter and weaker: "It is useless to say that now, what we have to think about is how to continue to live."

Speaking of this problem, this is not even a story for York. Now there is not enough food on this island, and they dare not go to the sea to find something to eat. Now the only hope is not far away. On the people in the cabin.

Thinking of what the boy said that day, the expressions of the six people were dignified and helpless. Although the other party could understand them, they could not understand the other language completely, and he also made a request. If you want to communicate with him, you must use his language.

This is simply deliberately difficult, but they now know that the other party is deliberate, and there is no way to refuse.

In desperation, the six people can only discuss it briefly, and are ready to wait until the next morning to show off whether the attitude of the other party can be softened.

If there is really no way, they may have to start learning the difficult language.

However, the reality did not give them a good chance. At about two or three o'clock in the morning, it was convenient for a person to get up and go to the nearby bush.

This was a very common thing, but after seven or eight minutes, the five people around the fire suddenly heard a scream from a distance.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!

Linna was so scared by this voice that her face was unfavorable: "How... what? What should he not do?"

The other two people who were already fascinated and asleep were also shocked by this sound: "No... I don't know, he should not be deliberately scaring us?"

Another person smiled more ugly than he cried: "Yes... Yes, we have turned before this deserted island, and there is no danger. How could it happen?"

However, in the minds of the five people at this time, the blood red that was previously seen on the beach was flashed at the same time, and the cold hairs of the whole body stood up.

A few people who dare not get up to check the situation, can only test the direction of the sound just came: "Hey! What happened just now? Are you okay?"

However, after the screams, there was no sound in the darkness, just like the screams that everyone just heard were just an illusion.

However, the more it is, the more fearful people feel in their hearts, and the very rare sleepiness suddenly disappears.

Because of the screams that had just been awakened, there were Su Shi and a few of them. At this time, Su Shi was already half-sleeping and half-awake, suddenly heard the screams of the moment, and suddenly woke up.

Only when he had not had time to figure out the situation, he was caught in a powerful arm, and on the other hand, he saw Ling Tian and looked down at himself: "Don't be afraid, I will protect you."

Su Shi’s heart warmed and took Ling Tian’s hand: “I know that if you are there, I will not be afraid.”

At this time, Zhao Shun and Zhao Li’s brothers had already woke up and were squinting in a confused way: "What happened? What happened? Just what sound?"

"It should be something happened to the person next door. Do you need me to check it out?" Ling Tian looked at Su Shidao.

Su Shi didn't really want to control the lives and deaths of those people, but he was more concerned about the plot. When he thought about it, he nodded and said, "I will go out with you."

After that, he turned to Zhao Li and Zhao Shundao: "You two are staying in the house, no matter what you hear, don't go out."

The two had no objections to Su Shi’s words and nodded and said: "We know."

When Su Shi and Ling Tian went out, they only saw that a few people were surrounded by the fire, and they found out that it seemed that one person was missing.

The five people all belonged to the state of being scared and daring, and they did not dare to move. When they saw someone coming out of the wooden house, they hurriedly opened their mouths: "Help! Just one of our companions went to the bushes. There, the results are not coming back!"

Su Shi understood these words, but did not respond, but moved his eyes to the bushes of the black hole. The bushes were silent at this time, and only when the wind blew occasionally, the sound of "brushing" sounded.

Someone pointed at that direction: "It is there, he just went in that direction, and the voice came from there."

Without a ball, Su Shi couldn't find anything, but he also thought of the tragedy that happened in the sea before. What might be the connection between the two?

Su Shi frowned, but did not dare to act rashly, and waited for a while, seeing that there was no other movement except the wind, and then directly took Ling Tian back to the wooden house.

It’s too dangerous at night, some things, or wait until the day to find out.

Seeing the other side’s disagreement, they left. The five people around the fire had some collapses, but now they have no other hopes, so they dare not annoy Su Shi and can only continue to surround the fire. On the other hand, no one dared to sleep anymore, or left the fire without permission.

By the morning of the next morning, Su Shi finally came out of the wooden house, followed by Ling Tian, ​​and the Zhao brothers.

They came out after eating a hot breakfast, so when they saw the five people who looked very embarrassed, the Zhao brothers actually had a little sympathy, but even the food they ate was not Own, the two naturally will not stand on the moral high ground because of this sympathy, and ask Su Shi to take out some food to distribute to those people.

Su Shi did not care about the few people, but walked directly toward the bush. The first thing he saw was the plants that were folded down on the ground.

After walking for a while, his gaze swept forward, suddenly condensed, and the steps under his feet stopped, because he saw a shocking blood trail not far from the beach.





 There are bloodstains, which means that person, I am afraid that there have been many murders. Su Shi is not surprised by this result. After all, he had this speculation last night, but now it is only confirmed.

The blood on the beach looks like it is splashing from somewhere. It is everywhere, and it looks disgusting. Besides these bloodstains, Su Shi can't find anything else related to the human body.

So, is that person directly eaten by something?

But although no such things were left behind, there was a faint road left after the plants were scraped, as if they were left over by the reptiles.

Su Shi first looked at the direction of the extension of the road. Seeing that there was no movement around, it was not like what was dangerous. This took Ling Tian and slowly followed this trace.

Ling Tian also made some judgments and said: "It is like a snake."

Su Shi looked up at Ling Tian and lowered his voice. "How do you judge that it is a snake? Maybe other animals, or monsters?"

What Su Shi really wants to ask is whether he has recovered his memory. Otherwise, how can he have such a judgment?

Ling Tian shook his head with a sigh of relief and said: "I don't know, it's probably an intuition."

Su Shi also no longer asks, he actually has almost guessed the reasons for the emergence of this task world, and probably knows why the lover will have no memory.

Although the lover has lost his memory, but has not lost some judgment, this does not make him feel more surprised.

The two continued to move forward, but at the beginning the line was very obvious, but it slowly disappeared because of the scarcity of plants.

Su Shi carefully probed around the disappearance of the traces, but could not find other clues. She could only go straight ahead, and then looked up and saw the blue sea and the rising sun rising slowly.

All of this looks serene and serene, like a beautiful painting, but it also evokes what happened last night, which is even more terrifying.

Although Su Shi is still not sure what the killing is, but he has already had a rough judgment in his heart, he sighed: "Where do you think this thing came from? The sea? Underground? Or on this desert island. ?"

Ling Tian thought for a moment and once again replied with intuition: "The sea."

"I also think it is out of the sea, maybe it is related to the previous time." Su Shi's tone gradually sank. He had been waiting for the story to come, but when the plot really started, he only Be aware of the seriousness of the problem.

This may not be a desert island survival record, but a terrible disaster film.

Because of the arrival of mankind, the giant beast buried somewhere was awakened, so the behemoths that had been crouching for many years stared at the stupid human beings that awakened it, and began a crazy killing.

According to the normal development rules of this plot, no matter how many people's teams come here, there are only two people who can survive in the end, that is, men and women, and others are all kinds of miserable cannon fodder. There are absolutely no exceptions.

Su Shi carefully recalled that according to the identity, performance, and relationship of the group, the male and female protagonists should be Brooke and Linna.

From the perspective of identity, Brooke is a mercenary of a mercenary group. He has a good personality, a strong personality, and a strong ability to survive.

Lina is a young and experienced biologist who is rigorous and stubborn. Looking at the configuration of these two people alone is simply in line with the requirements of the male and female protagonists of this plot.

From a relationship perspective, the two of them were formerly intimate couples. Later, because of some trivial matters, they are now in the most familiar stage of strangers.

And considering their previous performance, the two of them are the ones who wake up from the slumber in addition to their loved ones. Later, in this group of people, they also played a very good leading and reconciling role, almost arguably The leader of those few people.

In summary, these two individuals are likely to be the heroes of this group of people, while others are various types of cannon fodder, including themselves and their loved ones.

But this is only Su Shi’s guess, and now that he is there, he naturally can’t make himself and his lover a miserable cannon fodder. Many plots will also become different from the original, so you need to act on your own.

After observing it, the two slowly walked back along the original road. When they approached the wooden house, they heard what the five people were talking about.

Someone panicked and said: "There must be some beasts on this desert island, and the beasts have eaten him!"

The voice of another person is also trembling: "This is terrible, no, I must find a way to get out of here as soon as possible. It is too dangerous here, we will die!"

York sneered: "Do you think we don't want to leave here? But the previous ships couldn't find the wreckage. It's an island. We don't even know how far it is from the nearest shore. How can we go back smoothly?" ”

Linna and Brooke, who were pale, looked at each other. Both of them were worried. The things last night really scared them. They are now somewhat helpless.

"What do we do now? Do we have to stay here and wait to die?" Someone screamed loudly, they just checked the situation there, and after seeing the blood on the beach, everyone’s face became very Unsightly.

Linna’s heart was also awkward and scared. As soon as she looked up, she saw Su Shi and Ling Tian both coming, and suddenly they were bright.

He no longer cares about a few people still arguing. He walked straight to Su Shi and said in a very soft tone: "Hello, I know that our actions were really excessive before, hurting you, we are also I already know that I am wrong, I hope you can accept our apologies."

Although it is a very low thing to run apologize after something happens, at least it means that this person is not too stupid.

Su Shi did not respond, but looked at Linna with a blank expression. Linna was a little panicked by him. She hanged down and continued to say earnestly: "I know, I am coming to apologize to you, it looks very bad, but now The situation is indeed very critical, so I hope that we can temporarily put down the previous problems and unify them first, so that we are more likely to survive. What do you think?"

When it comes to the latter, Linna has raised her head again, her eyes are full of expectations and pleading to see Su Shi, it seems sincere.

In the current situation, it seems that if there are a large number of people, the probability of surviving will be even greater, but the premise is that Su Shi is only an ordinary person, and there is no grasp of survival.

The real situation now is that Su Shi not only brought a bunch of food and used it, but also brought two very serious mechs. As long as there is organic armor, he believes that there is absolutely no threat. The monster to his life.

After all, the weapon of the mech is very advanced and diverse, and the attack power is very strong. Even if it is to destroy a fierce white shark, it is just the workload of shaking the arm.

It’s just that mechs should not exist in this world at all. If they are seen by others, it may cause unnecessary trouble.

Although Su Shi has always been taking a high-profile approach, he does not want to provoke unnecessary trouble in this matter. After all, in this world, he does not have a ball, and the world itself is likely to exist. Many unknown and terrible factors.

Under this consideration, it is not a last resort, Su Shi naturally does not want to put the armor out.

Then the problem is coming. If there are still people living among them, Su Shi naturally does not want to put the mech out.

And if it is the opposite, that is to say, he has to wait until the remaining five people are all killed, can put the mech out.

In this case, he must not only take care that he must not die in front of these people, but also do it. Even if they know that they have an accident, they must die.

Su Shi really has no sympathy for these people. Maybe even if these people die in front of him, he will not look up and look at it. After all, his heart is so small that he can only accommodate the few people who care.

So it's time to look at the mood. If you look at them with pleasing eyes, it doesn't matter if you help them. But if the other person is ungrateful, he may send the other party a ride.

After making up his mind, Su Shi did not directly reject Linna, but replied in Chinese: "Oh."

Lina was forced for a moment, this should be just a modal particle, and there is no specific meaning, so she did not know what Su Shi meant.

Su Shi did not intend to say anything more. After all, he and these people are not relatives, even if it is time to help, it is only depending on the mood, but it is not really what you want to do, so naturally you do not have to guarantee anything to the other party.

After spitting out the word, he directly took Ling Tian back to the wooden house. Zhao Shun and Zhao Li also followed and went back. They didn’t look very well. “What happened last night? There seems to be someone. died?"

"Yes, it should be a kind of monster, but we are not sure about the type of the other party." Su Shi’s expression nodded heavily. "Now the desert island is getting more and more dangerous. You should not walk around, especially at night. Don't leave the cabin when you are."

When the two brothers of the Zhao family heard this, their faces suddenly became more ugly, and they repeatedly promised: "You can rest assured that we will never run around, even if it is convenient, we will report it to you in advance."

Seeing that the two were so obedient, Su Shi couldn’t help but hang up three black lines, but they said it was correct. After all, the reason why the person died last night was because he went alone to the bushes. Convenient.

After surrendering the account of the account, Su Shi went to the wooden house and turned around, making a few small traps with tools.

To know that this world will encounter such a thing, he should have some drugs to drive snakes and worms before, even if it is not very effective, he can disgust with each other.

Su Shi naturally does not expect the traps he has made, can really hurt the fierce beast with a temporary unidentified identity, but at least when the beast is coming, he can wake himself up as soon as possible.

He carefully observed the traces left by the beast when he crawled. It was very obvious at the beginning, but at the end of the day, there was no trace left. This made him have a secret speculation, but it was temporarily impossible. Verified.

At that time, the five people near the wooden house were also talking about Su Shi.

First, Linna sighed: "I just told him, but he seems to have no reaction, maybe he does not want to help us."

York heard a sneer and laughed: "As far as he is concerned, I am afraid it will be protected by others. Are you still expecting him to help us?"

Brooke glared at York and said with disappointment: "I know that your temper is not good, but if you don't want to say it now, you should say less, don't forget, he can understand us."

No matter what I think in my heart, but now the situation is stronger than people, this person is still so ignorant, utterly mad, it is simply that people do not know what to say.

York snorted, still no convergence: "Is it wrong? You see that he can understand us, but deliberately ignore us. Isn't that enough?"

Linna and Brooke are somewhat speechless to York. They simply ignore York and talk to the other two people: "The situation is urgent. We usually do not act alone. I will go to him again and tell him if he is willing to help us. Even if we just give us some food, it will help us a lot."

The two men are now in a state of being scared, only to know that they are flustered.

Although they all felt that there was basically no hope of fleeing this deserted island in their current situation, they couldn’t help but start planning because they thought of the fierce beast hidden in the dark.

Although I hope you are embarrassed, but it is better to die here?

So the five people probably discussed it and began to cut wood, but this time they were not trying to build their own home, but to create a nautical tool that would barely let themselves go to sea.

Although there were no other tools available, no one raised this question at this time. They all saw the blankets that Su Shi took out, so it was obvious that the hope of finding tools was placed on Su Shi.

During the day, everyone felt very tired and hungry, but they all had peace of mind, but when the night fell, the atmosphere suddenly tightened.





 The five people on the side of the fire were somewhat restless. When they thought about what happened last night, they would have a hard time settle down.

Although Linna was still awkward with Brooke in some respects, she couldn't help but lean against him and whispered, "What should we do now? Would you like to ask that person again?"

Brooke looked at Linna’s shoulders and looked down. He said, “If you go to him now, he’s probably not going to take care of you. Don’t be afraid, I’m here.”

Brooke’s voice sounded like no tone. In fact, it was a bit sour. He was obviously taller and stronger than that person. How did a woman like to ask for help?

Lina glanced at Brooke and didn't make up his arms. Instead, she blushes slightly: "I don't think he will help us, but is he really not afraid of death? Or is he already mastering what we don't know?" Information, so it will be so calm?"

Brooke's fingertips were lit up on Lena's shoulder, and the tone seemed to be more sour: "Who knows, even if he knows anything, he can't tell us."

A few people outside didn't dare to sleep, but Su Shi, who was in the wooden house, was awake. Although he was a tool for cheating, he is not suitable for taking out now, so he needs to be careful to prevent it from appearing. An irreparable situation.

Ling Tian sat next to Su Shi and put a piece of clothes on him: "You sleep, I am guarding here."

Su Shi leaned his head on Ling Tian’s shoulder and hooked his lips. “No, I want to talk to you.”

"What do you want to say to me?" Ling Tian whispered.

Although Su Shi’s gaze has been lying down and closing his eyes, he apparently glanced at the Zhao’s brother who did not really go to sleep. He turned his throat and his eyes flashed into the ear of Ling Tian’s ear. : "I just want to chat with you."

Ling Tian’s ear trembled and suddenly turned red, but his face was not obvious. He even got a word from Su Shi’s ear: “Good.”

Su Shi’s ear was also sprayed with a sigh of relief, and the light in his eyes was more prosperous. He also leaned into Ling Tian’s ear: “Do you think that before you lost your memory, did we both know each other?”

Ling Tianhong put his ear on the ear and said to Su Shi: "I think it is possible because I always feel that you are very familiar, and..."

Having said that, Ling Tian paused for a moment before he lowered his voice and continued: "And I think the smell on your body is very good."

After that, Ling Tian slightly moved his eyes and stared at Su Shi’s face, and wanted to see what he would react to when he heard this sentence.

As a result, he saw that Su Shi’s brilliant eyes suddenly brightened again. The clean and beautiful face also had a more obvious smile. He still looked at himself and then came back again. "I also feel that the smell on your body is particularly good, so I always want to go to you."

Ling Tian listened to this, not only the ear tip was redder, but even his face and neck were red, but he still managed to keep his high-cold person set, and his face was carefully put into Su Shi’s ear. With a little dumb voice: "I accept that you have been around me."

This made Su Shi could not help but "snap" and laughed. Seeing Ling Tian's face could not be hanged, he was busy rushing to the heat: "Thank you."

Ling Tianmei picked up the three words "No thanks", and then realized that he forgot to lower the sound, so he went to Su Shi’s ear and lowered his voice and repeated it again: "No thanks."

At this time, Su Shi’s heart has only one thought left. How can his own lover be so cute?

At this time, the brothers of the Zhao family who had not fallen asleep, but had to sleep with their eyes closed, were simply collapsed: ask them to fall asleep ah!

To everyone’s surprise, this night was calm and nothing happened.

The five people who stood by the fire outside the house didn't sleep all night, but they didn't hear anything, and the same was true of Su Shi in the house.

This made everyone feel relieved while they couldn't help but wonder. They certainly didn't want to happen. They just couldn't help but wonder why something happened last night, but nothing happened tonight.

Can everyone really avoid the tragedy when they get together?

Although such speculations are somewhat unreliable, at the moment, they can only comfort themselves.

In the next two days, nothing happened, just like the death of someone three days ago was just a dream, or an accident.

However, the calmer the surface, the more he is afraid to relax his vigilance. After all, he is not even clear about the monsters of the other party. Besides the weapon of the mech, he has no other measures or tools to make enemies. .

But Su Shi will think so, some people don't think so.

On the fourth day, the morning sun just rose, and the five outsiders quarreled again, but this time they were more noisy and deliberately chose to be some distance away from the wooden house.

York is somewhat annoyed: "Now we are no longer in danger, why can't we consider the food problem, and if we continue to do so, even if the monster does not come, we will be starved to death!"

Brooke looked at York with a cold eye. He also said with a lot of anger: "So you intend to enter the sea again? If you are not afraid to die, I will not stop you."

"Of course, I am not going to the sea to find food. You understand what I mean." York was blocked, and the blue veins in front of him were coming out. "In this case, if we don't grab someone else's things." You can only wait to starve to death, do you really understand?"

Brooke snorted heavily and said, "But if you really want to grab someone else's things, I am afraid that you have not starved to death, and the other party will be killed directly."

"We have five people now!" York screamed and said, "We can definitely get food!"

Brooke politely poured cold water on York: "When we had eight people, weren't they also being beaten out? You thought we were more than one person, can we take advantage of it?"

Linna also said to her side: "And we will probably need his help afterwards. Are you not too good at discussing this issue now?"

York didn't take care of Linna at all, but returned to Brooke's words: "If I go directly to the door, I know that we can't get the upper hand, but we are wise, why do we have to hit hard?"

When Brooke heard this, his face suddenly stunned. He hadn’t had time to respond. He listened to York and continued: "The only one of the four people who can’t deal with it is the tall man. If he is allowed to open it, The remaining three are nothing to us at all."

I have been on the desert island for so long. In addition to eating a few fish, shrimps, and a few crabs in the middle, they can only lick wild fruits at other times. Now they are hungry and have their backs on their backs. They are going to lose their senses. It is.

So after listening to York’s words, even Brooke did not say anything against it.

The other two people who have never spoken, are also looking at each other and can't help but say: "Brook, I know that you don't want to do this kind of thing, we don't really want it, but the situation is really special, if not In doing so, we are afraid that we will be starved to death."

The other also whispered: "And we are not going to grab all of his food. We just take a part of it to feed our hunger. When we leave this desert island, we will double it back. It is nothing." What?"

Lina and Brooke looked at each other and their eyes were a little loose.

Human beings are a kind of creature that can make excuses for themselves. At this time, the two people can't help but start to feel that this kind of action seems to be nothing. After all, the other party can't help but die. They are forced to do so.

And as the companions said, they are not trying to grab the other's food. If there is a chance, they will find a way to return. Under such a thought, their actions are actually not robbed. It can only be borrowed in a situation of helplessness.

After a half silence, Brooke finally screamed: "Do you have any way to open the tall man?"

Listening to Brook, it is clear that he has already agreed to his own proposal. York can't help but brighten his eyes and start to talk about his own plans with great interest.

After listening to Brooke, he was silent for a long time before he nodded reluctantly: "That's what you said, but when you don't really hurt them, remember, we just want to get some food, nothing else can be done." ""

"This is for sure." York’s mouth was so okay, but his eyes flashed a bit.

The other two people were also relieved. Although Linna still vaguely felt that something was wrong, she did not say anything more.

In the evening of the same day, Su Shi and the four of them moved around in the vicinity, just returned to the wooden house, ready to enjoy dinner, and they saw Lina and Brooke suddenly rushed in.

Linna first opened her face palely: "Help! Help you to help us! Just suddenly we heard the voice of the companion, from the beach!"

Brooke also anxiously said: "I know that we have done something wrong before, but now it is about human life, I beg you to help us!"

Both of them are very low-profile, and their tone and look are very anxious. It looks like it is really the same thing.

However, Su Shi immediately grasped the key points and asked one sentence: "Since your companions have an accident, why don't you go directly to save people, but you have to run here?"

"We..." Linna was embarrassed. Her look was both embarrassing and anxious. "We are all too scared, so we want to ask him to help, so that we can be safer if we pass together."

Said, Linna's gaze has fallen to Ling Tian's body, with a clear pleading and expectation in her eyes.

Ling Tian did not even give her a look, just looked down at Su Shi, who was next to her.

If Su Shi is a cold-tempered person and does not care much about the stranger's life and death, then Ling Tian is in addition to Su Shi, and does not care about the lives and deaths of anyone else. The degree is definitely worse than Su Shi.

When Linna saw Ling Tian, ​​she didn’t even look at her. Obviously, she didn’t have any plans to help. She was so anxious that she was so angry that she was crying out. “I know that our request is too much, but I really beg you, then It’s our companion, we really don’t want to give up on him!”

However, Ling Tian still had no response. Su Shi’s gaze turned around in these four people and eventually fell on York’s body: “How do you seem to be in a hurry?”

York squinted a little, and this made it a bit anxious: "Who said that I am not in a hurry? I just didn't show it."

Linna is also afraid that things will be exposed, so she is busy and urges: "I beg you, or time is really too late!"

Su Shi turned to turn the scorpion, and the corner of his mouth slowly evoked a curve: "Since you need help, you can help."

This sentence made Linna and Brooke overjoyed, and the two were grateful: "Tell me to come over with us."

Ling Tian looked at Su Shi a little reluctantly. He didn't want to leave the other side.

Su Shi blinked at him and then leaned into his ear and said: "I want to teach some people, but I don't want you to see my ferocious look, so I still have to succumb to you to avoid it." ”

After that, Su Shi’s soft lips smacked on Ling’s earlobe.

Ling Tian suddenly burst his ears and nodded his body. "Let's go."






 Ling Tian has lost other thinking skills now. He only thinks that there is a blank in his head. The only thing left is, um, what is cute in his family?

Ling Tian was taken away by Linna and Brooke, and York and another person stayed. Su Shi looked at the two people standing in front of him and had to admit that at least Lina and Brooke still had a little IQ. .

No matter whether York and this person can successfully get food from themselves, when things happen, both Linna and Brooke can find a good reason to excuse themselves.

After all, the matter that started with Su Shi was not done by them personally. Regardless of the situation at Ling Tian, ​​they could insist that they had heard the voice of their companions before, and they did not deceive.

And if York really gets what he wants and gets food from his own hands, Linna and Brooke can obviously be assigned to the one that belongs to them. This kind of good thing that can get rid of responsibility and profit, sounds It is really good.

After Ling Tian followed them to leave, York immediately revealed his true face. He looked at Su Shi with a fierce look and said, "What about your food? Hurry up!"

Su Shi took the brow without hesitation: "Food? What food? You come to us, isn't it just to save your companion?"

"Don't talk nonsense, take your food out, or I'll be rude to you." When he said these words, York also threatened to raise his fist.

Zhao Shun and Zhao Li both stayed in the wooden house. At this time, York saw this kind of words. He quickly pulled Su Shi behind him and glared at York. "How can you do this? Just come to us. Looking for help, now I will turn my face and not recognize people. I also deliberately ask for food when we are not in Lingtian. You are too much too much!"

York sneered, directly reaching out to grab the collar of Zhao Shun, seeing that the clothes of these three people are fresh and clean, and the clothes on their bodies are already ragged, and from time to time, they emit an unpleasant smell. York’s heart was even more annoyed: “I don’t just want food, I want clothes! You can take things out, or I will kill you!”

"Is it?" Su Shi slightly narrowed his eyes. He is now somewhat upset. "If I don't want to give you something, do you really want to hit someone?"

"Don't **** me to talk nonsense!" York took Zhao Shun's collar and tightened a few points, straightening Zhao Shun's breath.

Zhao Shun is still lame, and he is strong and strong: "You are fast... escape! Go... find Lingtian!"

Zhao Li also protects Su Shi behind him, and anxiously said: "Su Shi, you hurry to find Ling Tian, ​​we have a large number, my brother and I can drag them!"

The next moment, Zhao Li was pinched by the other hand of York and began the same lame practice as his brother.

"..." Su Shi suddenly felt that her angry mood was interrupted by inexplicableness. He couldn't help but wipe his face and finally decided to start acting.

Although York seems to be a tall man, it is definitely not the opponent of Su Shi. After all, after taking the marrow, he is now comparable to Su Shi in strength. I am afraid that there is only Ling Tian.

So Su Shi can use the same posture, while holding the neck of York and his companions, but he does not want to have any direct physical contact with these two people, so Su Shi chose to use his feet.

After Su Shi wiped his face, he slammed directly into his abdomen when York was completely unprepared.

Su Shi did not use all his strength, but at least there were six or seven points. York was accidentally turned over to the ground and his hands naturally unconsciously released.

Su Shi usually rarely plays directly because he often has more than one hundred other methods that can effectively punish opponents.

But in fact, sometimes, the feeling of direct hands-on is also good, at least it can make his heart stagnate for many days, the negative emotions have eased.

Although Su Shi did not say it, it did not show it, but it did not mean that he really accepted the situation in the world.

The ball was inexplicable, the lover was inexplicably lost, and then there was an inexplicable monster that did not reveal the true face of the mountain. Su Shi’s mood was actually very bad.

Su Shi’s mood is not good, then someone has to be in a bad mood with him, otherwise his mood will be even worse.

After squatting, Su Shi made two more steps to make up a few feet, and yelled at York on the ground.

Then he turned his head to look at the sudden situation that had already been seen in front of him, and the enemy’s unknown companion who had his eyes straightened and shook his feet and walked unceremoniously.

"I want to ask for food and clothes with me? Do you really think that daydreaming can come true?" Seeing the two lying on the ground hurting into a ball, Su Shi smiled.

And the two people on the ground now have a spiritual response. They are now sore and painful on their bodies. They can only lie on the ground and continually roll their mourning. It looks very pitiful.

Even Zhao Shun and Zhao Li, who had just been rescued by Su Shi, were in a state of contempt. They did not think that Su Shi, who looked thinner than them, could suddenly fall to the ground. It also made people so miserable.

Although this feeling is not as shocking as seeing the food prepared by Su Shi, it is also quite dreamy. I did not expect Su Shi to have not only a magical universal bag, but also the powerful power of Superman.

After Su Shi’s people were comfortable, they returned to the Zhao’s brothers and carried their chins slightly: “You two, go and give them their clothes.”

The Zhao family, who had a slap in the face, had become eccentric after hearing this sentence: "Hey... 扒 clothes?"

Su Shi slightly raised his brow and took it for granted: "Yeah, aren't they going to grab our food and clothes? We must of course take their own way and cure their own bodies. In terms of food, they have nothing now. And we have eaten much better than them, so we don't think about it. But on the clothes side, there is still one on them, which is too broken."

Speaking of this, Su Shi’s face showed a lot of disgust and irony: "But since they came, they must not let them do so, so the clothes are still smashed down, and they will burn directly afterwards."

Although York has been so painful that he is unconscious, he still understands the meaning of Su Shi’s words and struggles with an intermittent voice: "You...you can't do this!"

Su Shi only heard nothing, but urged: "You two should hurry and solve the problem as soon as possible, so we can prepare to eat soon."

Zhao Shun and Zhao Li climbed up from the ground. Seeing Su Shi’s words is not like joking, and he hesitated to go forward.

The two had never done this before, and it was inevitable that some of them couldn’t get any of them. But before they thought that these two people were all dealt with by Su Shi, they didn’t do anything, but they were dragged down. If this time, they would not help. If you are busy, you really have nothing to use.

About five minutes later, the Zhao brothers finally peeled off the clothes on the two people lying on the ground, and even the underwear did not stay, and the Zhao brothers at this time were already sweating.

Su Shi was afraid of spicy eyes. She always turned her back. After the clothes were stripped, they waved directly and let the Zhao brothers throw away the two people.

After solving the two men, Su Shi was ready to take out the food and enjoy dinner happily. However, at this time, a sharp scream suddenly came from a distance.

Su Shi’s heart tightened and his eyebrows jumped. He immediately called Zhao Shun and Zhao Li to leave the log house and ran in the direction of the scream.

He just really was too big, just thinking about punishing these guys who don’t know how to be tall, but he ignored the danger hidden in the dark on the desert island, but at any time.

At this time, Su Shi flew away, while secretly praying, Ling Tian can never have something!

Because Su Shi's speed is very fast, so in less than five minutes, he has vaguely seen a few vague figures, although he is a bit far away, but he suddenly recognized the Ling Tian, ​​see Ling There should be nothing in the sky, and this is a long sigh of relief.

Even so, after approaching, Su Shi immediately pulled Ling Tian and carefully smashed it up and down: "Fortunately, you are fine."

Ling Tian let Su Shi touch his own hands, and then the expression condensed, but the action gently raised his hand and touched Su Shi’s head: "I am fine, don't worry."

It was determined that the lover was fine, and Su Shi had the mood to look around the environment, and then his gaze was attracted to the glare of the blood red.

It is very similar to the situation of the previous person. There are a lot of splattered blood around it. There is a particularly clear blood on the ground, and a trace like the large animals crawling in the past.

The only difference is probably that Su Shi’s gaze fell in the center of the blood of the beach, where a foot that had been separated from the body was being placed.

Another person was killed, leaving only one foot.

At this time, the sky is still not completely dark, and the sky connected to the sea surface is being burned by the bright red sunset, revealing a gorgeous and desperate beauty.

"I have just seen this trace. As before, the traces disappeared at a distance not far from the sea, leaving no traces." Ling Tian Shen.





 Su Shi’s first reaction to these words was: “Are you running alone? Is this dangerous? Do you know?”

Ling Tian knows that Su Shi is caring about herself, so she has no expression on her face and is trained: "I will know it next time."

The reason why Ling Tian will run over to investigate the situation is that he wants to give the other party some information that is of interest to him when Su Shi comes over. After all, Ling Tian himself does not care about the lives and deaths of these people.

Su Shi sighed a little, and then he looked at Linna, who had been scared and pale, full of fear, and Brooke, who was dignified and ugly, and directly counted the account that he had just been scared of. On the heads of these two people.

Su Shi’s gaze turned around between the two men, and sneered and said: “Do you have anything to say about killing your companion?”

Hearing this, Linna and Brooke's face changed at the same time. Linna looked at Su Shi with amazement and fear. After two seconds, she remembered to hide her emotions and hung her head down.

Brooke’s performance was better than Linna’s. He pretended to calmly look at Su Shi’s words: “What do you mean by this?”

The other party is very willing to speak in English, but the two have no way to be happy about it, just as they used to ask for help.

It is clear that they are the party that made the plan, and they are the active side. But this person’s performance is like having already had an insight into everything. The reason why they choose to condone is that they want to watch them jump like a clown. The ugly state.

This feeling is too bad, coupled with the repression of the moment before being frightened by the shock, making Brooke's tone very heavy: "There was a companion lost, and now we are very uncomfortable, even before we do I have asked for help, and please pay attention to your words!"

Linna also came back at noon, squinting and tears: "I know maybe we just didn't choose to ask for your help, but if you look directly, maybe there won't be such a tragedy, but we No one expected that things would become like this. Do we want our companions to die?"

These words can be said to be sentimental and righteous. Su Shi listened but was ironic and smiled: "Is it? Then why did you choose to let him act alone when you discussed the plan to grab food, but you are in pairs?" correct?"

Upon hearing the three keywords of “grabbing food”, Linna and Brooke’s eyes narrowed slightly again. It seems that York’s side has just been hands-on and angered Su Yue, and he will let him say this. Words come.

What about York? Why don't you see them coming over? Isn't that something going to happen?

Linna and Brooke’s mind raised this doubt at the same time, but now it’s obviously not the time to think about it. They quickly look back and immediately regain their gaze.

The situation at the moment is very unfavorable for the two, but it is also within the scope of their previous considerations, so soon Lina will look at Su Shi with a strange color: "What do you mean by this sentence? What does 'grab food plan' mean? I don't understand."

Although Brooke didn't talk, he frowned, looking at Su Shi with incomprehensible eyes.

Although in his opinion, such acting seems very poor, but at least better than York's, Su Shi raised his eyebrows and laughed: "First discuss with the companion how to **** my food, and then use the trick on the surface. I took it out of this plan, and you thought you were very smart, but in my opinion, such behavior is even more disgusting than York."

Being so straightforward, the expressions of Linna and Brooke have become somewhat unnatural, but they are still strong.

Linna even blinked, showing a very strange expression: "What do you mean, just that York just wants to take the opportunity to grab your food?! He... how can he do this, it’s just too much It!"

After all, Linna looked at Su Shi with apologetic apologies: "I am really sorry, my companion will actually do this kind of thing to you, but I really don’t know about it, if I know he will In doing so, I will not let him appear in front of you!"

I have already said this kind of thing, and the two men have to continue to act. I really don’t know if they should praise their dedication, or if they are cheeky.

Su Shi turned a blind eye and simply said: "You think that the place of discussion is very remote and secret, but in fact I was listening to it from a distance, and now you have anything to say?"

Upon hearing this, Linna and Brooke both closed their mouths in amazement. Although they felt that things should not be so coincidental, they listened to his tone so surely, and then reminiscent of the time when he promised Ling Tian to help. The feeling of being unwilling to bring to myself, the two suddenly felt that maybe things are really coincidental.

I thought that I thought I was smart enough to calculate everything, thinking that everything was under control. Who knows that he is the one that is controlled by others, is a full-fledged clown, and their faces can’t help but suddenly and white. very exciting.

Then they thought that after this time, they probably had already offended the other party thoroughly. If they want to ask for help later, I am afraid it will be difficult.

Su Shi’s gaze turned around in two people, and the irony meant to be full: “Why don’t you continue to act? Didn’t you just have a face that you don’t know? Now I know I’m sorry?”

Brooke was said to have been somewhat angry and angry, and his face was very blue: "Why are we doing this because you are too embarrassed? I know that I have so much food, but I am not willing to give us a little bit!"

"Oh? So you rushed to grab my food, but would you blame me?" Su Shi picked up her eyebrows and her face looked like a joke. "I just want to ask, what do I have to do with you?" Why should I take out my food and give it to you, is it not blame? What are the legitimate reasons for you, and have added such a duty to me?"

This question asked Brooke to sneak a bit. Although it was the refugees on the desert island, Su Shi and their non-parents did not have the obligation to help them.

There is a saying that is this, help is the point of love, not help is the duty, but some people feel too good self, always feel that others should help themselves, otherwise it is not righteous.

Seeing that Brooke has nothing to say, Su Shi said: "Although your ideas have no logic, the practice is very despicable. It is very inconsistent with your dog-like appearance. It is very disgusting to people, but who calls me to be generous and generous. So I won’t care about you, but in the future, don’t expect me to help you again.”

I thought before I thought that if I was in a good mood, I could help a bunch of these people. Su Shi couldn’t help but re-examine the label on her body.

Well, it is a blessing to add the "Mother of the Virgin".

After listening to him, Ling Tian reached out and grabbed Su Shi’s shoulder. Linna and Brooke, who had no idea what to say, said: “If you dare to bully him, I don’t mind giving you some unforgettable lessons. ""

Because I haven't seen the violent side of Su Shi, the danger of Ling Tian is obviously more weighty for the two, so that the two who are still unwilling are even more afraid to speak.

Su Shi rushed to Ling Tian and smiled, then he took him away.

After Su Shi left, Linna suddenly fell to the ground with her legs. She was frightened by Ling Tian’s last look at her. The eyes were cold like pouring a bowl of ice directly onto her head. It makes people feel chilly and even feels very difficult to breathe.

This time, Brooke did not go to help Linna, who was frightened, because he himself also had the illusion of being stared by a poisonous snake, and there was no strength in his leg.

At this time, the two people still don't know what they are doing today, and they will bring them devastating blows. They only feel cold and have difficulty breathing.

Contrary to the situation of the two men, the atmosphere between Su Shi and Ling Tian was absolutely brisk, because he was telling Ling Tian how he had beaten York.

When Su Shi and Ling Tian were alone, they immediately recovered their joyful mood and smiled and said: "York seems to be strong, but it is not my opponent. I flipped him to the ground with one foot, but it was amazing. ”

Speaking of this, Su Shi’s pretense is mysteriously mingled into Ling Tian’s ear, and the voice is lowered: “Secretly telling you, I finally let Zhao Shun and Zhao Li strip the clothes of the two people.”

Su Shi’s reason for this is obviously to divert Ling Tian’s attention and prevent him from being unhappy because of the recent incident, but the result is that after listening to this, Ling Tian’s face seems to have become more blacken.

Ling Tian also sighed in Su Shi’s ear: "You mean, when they left, what clothes are there?"

"Yes." Su Shi blinked innocently.

Ling Tian’s expression became more dangerous: “Have you seen it?”

Su Shi reacted for a moment, and suddenly he was crying and laughing. He didn't expect Ling Tian to care about this problem. It was so cute.

However, even if jealous and eaten to fly, Ling Tian’s expression at this time is still a serious face-to-face. This kind of lover makes Su Xin’s heart soft and makes him feel teasing.

Su Shi once again leaned into Ling Tian's ear and smiled lowly: "You guess."

Wen Yan, Ling Tian's face was a bit darker, staring at Su Shidao: "Is it really?"

When I saw my lover, I was really amused by myself. Su Shi smiled and smiled: "Of course I haven’t seen it. Even the matter of peeling clothes, I let Zhao Shun and Zhao Li do it. And then just throw it out."

Upon hearing this answer, Ling Tian’s expression finally eased, but still confirmed: “Really?”

"Of course it is true," Su Shi nodded and thought, what he thought, his eyes turned, and he ill-intentioned to Ling Tian's ear. "I am not interested in the other people's, I am only interested in you. Really."

Ling Tian's ear tip is almost red at the speed visible to the naked eye, and the eyes are bright and bright, but the expression on the face is still sly.

He stared at Su Shi without hesitation. After a while, he even replied with a serious reply: "My, I will show it to you."

"..." This is the turn of Su Shi's blushing heartbeat.

However, they are saying this now. Obviously, they think too much. At the moment, the monster that has not yet appeared has already taken two. No, it should be the life of four people. Now they have the mind, and it is impossible to be so dangerous. Under the circumstances of putting into action.

When the two men walked to the wooden house with a smile, they saw Zhao Shun and Zhao Lizhen standing in the wooden house and looking anxiously, and they saw the two men sprinting and greeted them.

Zhao Shun ran aloud and said: "Su Shi, Ling Tian, ​​you are finally back!"

Zhao Li is somewhat helpless: "Su Hao, you just ran so fast, we couldn't catch you, and when we thought about the things in the wooden house, we ran back first."

Su Shi can't help but feel a little shame. Before he worried about Ling Tian, ​​he drove directly at full speed. He completely forgot to take the body of the marrow-washing Dan. The strength is much different from that of ordinary people.

But when it comes to this, Su Shi thinks of another thing, just because he hasn't fully trusted the two people, so Su Shi did not take the marrow-washing Dan to these two people. The timing is almost the same.

After making up his mind and returning to the wooden house, Su Shi directly took out two washed marrows and handed them to Zhao Shun: "If you believe me, just eat this one."

Zhao Shun and Zhao Li do not know what this is, but since Su Shi gave them, it must be a good thing.

Therefore, he has already fully trusted Su Shi, and even regarded him as his own leader. He gave nothing to him without any hesitation.

Then, in the following time, they kept running the toilet all the time. Considering the safety issue, Su Shi and Ling Tian stood in a place that was some distance away from the two.

Although the environment seems a bit strange, but because the distance is far enough, Su Shi is not affected by the two people who are squatting, and is in a good mood.

It was not until two hours later that the two talents finally stopped certain behaviors. Su Shi was also shocked. Before he and Ling Tian took the marrow-washing Dan, it was obviously not so big.

Although the process was tragic, the result was wonderful. Both Zhao Shun and Zhao Li’s physical fitness were qualitatively sublimated, and they were very different from each other.







 Zhao Shun used his strength to raise his arm, and his voice was very excited: "I feel that I am now full of strength, even if I push down a big tree!"

Zhao Li’s eyes are also very bright: “I feel that my body is very light now, as if I jumped up and forth, I could fly like it!”

They finally know how Su Shi had easily made the two people so miserable, and finally figured out why they couldn't keep up with each other's footsteps.

However, the two of them did not ask very tacitly, what was their own service, and it was already a good thing for Su Shi to give such a good thing to them. If they don’t understand the matter, they would be very inappropriate. It is.

Su Shi looked at the two people in a brisk manner, could not help but smile: "very good, then the responsibility of protecting food, then handed over to both of you."

Su Shi took the food for that meal every time he was eating fast, and Zhao Shun and Zhao Li didn't know where the food came from, so they knew that Su Shi's sentence was just a joke.

However, the two still cooperate very well with the tunnel: "Follow, boss!"

Compared with the harmonious atmosphere of Su Shi, the atmosphere on the other side is not good. The four people are surrounded by fires with their hearts and minds, and their hearts are filled with strong dissatisfaction.

York, who was covered in blue and purple, was sitting on the ground with a large leaf on his face. His face was gloomy: "It’s really mad at me! They are too much! I must kill him!"

Linna and Brooke are sitting on the other side, and their faces are very ugly. They are actually blaming York. If it is not for him to have such a bad idea, or if he can give some strength, he will really grab the food. As a result, they are not only Did not get the food, but completely offended Su Shi and his party, think about it makes people feel bored.

But now things have become a foregone conclusion. York has also suffered a lot. It looks very miserable. The most important thing is that they have only four people left now. They are naturally not good at complaining about this situation. .

So after looking at it, Linna said with a look of concern: "Do you both still have pain in your body? There is no medicine here, you can only bear it first."

York now has no pain in his body. He feels that he is suffering from liver and lungs now.

"Of course it hurts! It hurts me!" York licked his fist, but because he pulled the wound on his body, his mouth twitched and he took a breath.

Brooke also annoyed York, but he also had to express his concern. After all, it is not a good time to contradict: "You two have a good rest these days, and I will give it to Linna at night." ""

York naturally had no opinion. At night, he lay down on the edge of the fire and slumbered.

When Brooke and Linna looked at him, they felt bad, but they didn't wake him up, but they whispered while sitting on the fire.

"Do you think that the monster will appear tonight?" Linna's gaze glanced back and forth around the dark night, thinking of the blood that was seen during the day and the things left by the blood. Can't help but feel creepy.

Brooke said that he is not afraid of being fake, but after all, he is a man, and in front of his ex-girlfriend, his face still has to be taken care of. He said with a face: "Don't be afraid, I will protect you."

Lina subconsciously leaned against Brooke, but still felt a little creepy, I really hoped that the night would be faster, but then I thought that the last dead companion was killed by monsters during the day, and my heart suddenly became colder.

Although we are all thinking about ways to make vehicles that can travel at sea these days, the progress is very small, because they don't have any tools at present, even if they just want to cut a piece of wood, they need to spend a lot of effort.

And they have been hungry for so many days, and what is most lacking now is strength.

The more I thought, the more I felt that my situation was very tragic, and Lina couldn’t help but look at Brooke. "Do you think we can really get out of here?"

Brooke’s heart is hopeless and even desperate. At this time, he has to force himself to fight: “Sure.”

"But we have no way to get out of here now, and the monster has been eating people all the time, we..." Linna unconsciously reached out and hugged Brooke's arm, sucking her nose in a low mood.

Brooke's face sank, and some did not know what to say. He remembered the wooden houses where Su Shi lived. If the other party was willing to help them, they might easily create a driving tool at sea, but unfortunately... ...

Brooke sighed in his heart, and now it’s too late to say that they can only think of things in the right direction from other angles.

For example, the monster may not kill again? For example, now the number of the two teams is four, maybe the monster will drop the target to the opposite side?

But such an idea didn't seem to make Brooke's mood relaxed at all, but it made him more desperate.

Probably because there was already a person dying during the day, although almost everyone's heart was filled with a thick fear this night, it was calm and calm.

When the dawn of the next day finally arrived, almost everyone was relieved, and there was a feeling of restlessness after the looting, although the fear of the heart had not dissipated.

The reason why the adjective "almost" is used is naturally because some people are not in this state, such as Su Shi, and Ling Tian.

The two men said last night that they had nearly a night of whispering, blowing hot air to each other's ears, but because of their good health, the two men woke up the next day, the spirit is not bad.

When the four people had breakfast together, they went out to go out together. After all, it was wrong to stay in the wooden house.

Zhao Shun and Zhao Li had just taken the marrow-washing Dan the day before. At this time, the activity was almost full of energy. It is estimated that there is no problem running around the desert island.

Su Shi and Ling Tian also seem to be more like walking, all the way to talk and laugh, but in fact, they are always vigilant.

A daytime time passed quickly, and soon the night fell again. Almost everyone's mood fell to the bottom again, as the night was cold.

Su Shi’s mood is actually not easy. Now four people have lost their lives, and the next monster will “see” who is unknown to anyone.

But now the enemy is dark, I don't dare to rush out, so I can only wait for the other party to appear first. I only hope that this time will allow him to find more clues or directly kill each other.

This night, Su Shi has been sitting on the fire and listening carefully to the outside movement, because the two sides have been completely ruined, and the foreigners on the opposite side may also feel embarrassed. They moved to the distance house last night. There is a distance to go to camp.

Therefore, when there was a sudden scream of looming in the dead of night, Su Shi almost thought that he was too focused, and thus had an illusion.

But then, the panic in the distance is getting bigger and bigger, and it is getting clearer.

Su Shi’s look stunned and immediately woke up Zhao Shun and Zhao Li, and Ling Tian had already stood by his side with seriousness.

"You want to save them?" Ling Tian's dark eyes stared at Su Shi.

Su Shi raised an eyebrow and smiled and said: "I am like a Madonna? I just went to see the situation. If I can kill the monster, I will kill it as soon as possible, saving us from worrying. Can't do it."

Ling Tian seems to have a bit puzzled: "But it is also helping them."

Su Shi took Ling Tian’s shoulder and helped him answer questions: “This kind of behavior may actually be considered to help them, but subjectively, I’m just thinking about it for myself, and now both Where there is overlap, what should we do?"

Speaking of this, Su Shi looked back and even Zhao Shun and Zhao Li were ready, and immediately speeded up the speed: "Who are more important than their own? We can't because we hate them, we don't Do you do something good for yourself?

However, before we act, it is necessary to weigh the weight of both sides. And as it is now, if we don't care about the monster, it will always find us. If we don't shoot it, it will mean killing the enemy 30 and hurting one hundred. Isn't that stupid? ”

After all, he took Ling Tian directly to the direction of the voice, Zhao Shun and Zhao Li followed, then they saw a figure stumbled and ran over.

Upon seeing Su Shi four people, the figure rushed over immediately, and the mouth was still screaming intermittently: "Quiet... monster! There are monsters... eat people!"

Su Shi looked at it carefully, only to recognize that she was arrogant and arrogant.

At this time, she was unkempt and seemed to be panicked. She probably knew that even if she continued to run, she would not be safe with these people, so she stopped immediately after coming over.

Just stopped and stopped, Linna did not stop in front of Ling Tian, ​​and even tried to pour him.

Su Shi saw it and pulled Ling Tian directly behind him. Looking at the unkempt Linna, the warning and disgusting meanings were very obvious.

No one was in front of him, Linna could only stand in her own silence, and her face flashed a bit, but soon the cockroach was replaced by anxiousness: "You are also running, the monster will come soon. !"





 "Run fast?" Su Shi looked at Linna very unhappy, dare to hit the idea of ​​his lover, this woman will die. "Is your companion not there? You ran directly, really No problem?"

Linna’s gaze flashed slightly, and she said with a strong smile: “Of course I don’t want to leave them, but they are not in the same direction as I ran. After all, in this case, if you still care about the situation, Maybe not only hurt yourself, but even your partner will be affected."

The implication is that in this case, if two people pull each other and run together, they can't run alone.

Su Shi did not directly return to Linna, but turned to look at Ling Tiandao: "If it is you, will you pull me to run together, or run away alone?"

"I will not leave you together," Ling Tianli answered.

Su Shi’s expression also softened a few points: “I am the same.”

Linna was deliberately jealous of herself by these two people. At the same time, she also showed her enthusiasm for turning her beloved: "The situation is now a crisis, isn’t it time to discuss these?"

"Because some people just escaped from the mouth of the monster, they thought about hooking up the behavior of other men's men. I can't think of anything like this?" Su Shi retorted, but now the situation is really critical, so after saying this sentence After the words, he directly pulled Linna for two days and continued to run forward.

However, the reason why Su Shi still has the leisure to say these words, but also because he has just passed the efficacy of the drug, laying an enchantment within two kilometers.

Su Shi has never used this kind of remedy before, because he thought that this medicinal medicine could not work in other mission worlds, and this medicinal medicine is not the object of his main refining, only a total of three came over. .

This kind of medicinal medicine is obviously beyond the scope of this world rule, so it is no problem to use, but the scope is small and the effective time is short.

The range is only two kilometers, the effective time is only ten minutes, and now it has been three minutes, Su Shi is thinking about this, the mind has already felt the volatility of the enchantment, and again and again, the movement is very large.

It is the monster who is hitting the enchantment!

The situation that Su Shi expected was completely different. He thought that the monster would definitely look for other people after eating a person, but the fact is that it was ready to leave.

I think of the four people who died before, except that the first two were killed together in the sea. After that, they only died one at a time. It seems that the monster is deliberately not killing all of them. Instead, it is like a hide-and-seek, only one at a time.

While thinking about it, Su Shi has already pulled Ling Tian to the direction of the volatility. He was ready to take advantage of this opportunity and kill the monster directly, so he must not easily miss the opportunity.

Although Zhao Shun and Zhao Li did not know what happened, they also subconsciously followed. The speed of the four of them is not comparable to that of ordinary people. Plus, Linna’s current physical condition is not very good. Even if you want to be with you, you can only stand in the same place and hate it.

She just wants to find a shelter. Are these men so a woman to her?

In less than a minute, Su Shi's four of them were close to the location of the monster, because they didn't know each other's details, they didn't dare to get too close, and the speed suddenly dropped.

Then they saw a scene where they were all cold.

At the tip of a tail, there are giant cockroaches of adult men's waists. They are using their own thick and horrible body to hit the enchantment invisible to the naked eye. The mouth screams from time to time.

The most terrifying thing is that it is not swimming on the ground now, but hanging in the air, a pair of huge white flesh-wings are rapidly fanning.

Su Shi’s pupils shrank slightly, and this huge monster would fly. It’s no wonder that those traces would suddenly disappear.

Of course, the most terrifying thing for Su Shi is not the pair of wings, but the actions of this monster before, which fully prove that it should have its own consciousness and emotion.

Just looking at the size of this monster, one person is afraid that it is not enough for the teeth, but it appears in the mysterious way in the eyes of these people, and only eats it every time. One person, the meaning of play and play is very obvious.

In the eyes of this monster, this group of people is probably just a gadget that it uses to have fun.

And as a result, to deal with this monster, I am afraid that I can only directly release the mech, or even if I take the marrow, it is impossible to be its opponent.

Su Shi’s finger was pressed on the space button. Just as he was about to release the mech, the huge python actually broke the enchantment in the next aging and flew away.

Su Shi’s movement suddenly stopped, and at that moment, he seemed to be facing the huge green eyes of the giant python, and the huge eyes were filled with anger.

However, Su Shi was not scared by the other's eyes. He just paused for a moment, then immediately looked down at the time and then chased him up at the fastest speed. Then, for the first time, he saw the giant cockroach slowly. Slowly sinking into the sea.

Sure enough, it came out of the sea, that is to say, it had been living on the bottom of the sea before, but it happened that two humans were looking for food by the sea, and then they came to the shore to play the newly discovered toys.

After confirming that the giant python has left, and that day should not come back again, Su Shi began to carefully calculate the time just now.

The original ten-minute effective time actually only lasted for less than seven minutes. This should be because the impact of that giant is too big, right?

And this time there are still more than six minutes of time, the next time I use it, the time will be shorter, which makes Su Shi's heart a bit heavy.

This giant must be resolved as soon as possible, and no more accidents can happen.

Because Su Shi’s face looked too heavy, Ling Tian couldn’t help but care about the earth: “Auntie, are you okay?”

Su Shi looked up and rushed to Ling Tian with a smile: "I am fine, I am thinking about how to deal with this monster."

"There will be a way." Ling Tian touched Su Shi's face.

Zhao Shun and Zhao Li both looked very unsightly. Although they had thought about what a murderous beast should have been before, they did not expect that the other party turned out to be such a huge python, which was simply scary.

When the four people returned to the wooden house, three people were waiting there. Su Shi’s eyes swept over the three people. Some regrets that it was not York who was killed by the giants.

When Linna saw Su Shi, they immediately rushed up. She seemed to have forgotten what had happened before, and her face was filled with joy and joy: "Thank you, you are finally back."

Su Shi did not want to look at her more, and walked straight around her to go to the wooden house. Linna felt terrible in her heart, but she had to lift her foot, but at the same time she looked at Brooke with a grievance.

Brooke was feeling guilty about the fact that he had just fled alone. At this time, she saw Lina looking at herself like this. She immediately pulled the following and said: "I know that we did it wrong before, but now it is in a critical situation. Should we not Temporarily let go of the previous grudges, shake hands and talk?"

"If you want to seek asylum, you can say it. If you are so euphemistic, who can understand it?" Su Shi is not in a good mood. When he speaks, he is naturally poisonous.

Brugick was already annoyed in the mind, but he did not dare to attack. After all, they can only count on Su Shi.

In the same situation, all three of them only managed to escape. Su Shi dared to chase the monster with another three people with him. This shows that he must have a killer in his hand and be able to subdue the monster.

Linna’s heart is also about to die Su Shi, but her face is still a little bit of a smile: “Even if we ask you, can you not drive us away?”

Su Shi did not answer this sentence, but fell to his eyes on the body of York with two large leaves, for a time did not hold back and laughed directly: "This is really beautiful."

In the heart of York, I thought about the thing that had been humiliated before. Now, Su Shi said so straightforwardly that his temper could not be stretched: "You shut up Laozi! I am not because of you!"

"Yeah, because I did it, I was particularly happy." Su Shi picked up her eyebrows and nodded in a big way.

York has never seen such a brazen man, and his face is green all the time: "You are a pervert, I am not today..."

When York’s words were not finished, he was kicked to the ground by Su Shi. By the way, he stepped on a few feet: “Hey, some people really don’t have long-term memory. They just got a lesson, and now they are looking for it again.”

York was beaten only to mourn, and this temper was gone.

Su Shi hadn’t played enough yet, Ling Tian actually came up and took him, which made Su Shi frown: “What happened?”

"When you kick it there, you will be exposed," Ling Tian said calmly. "You said that you are only interested in me."

Su Shi took a moment to react, and it was a lot of incompetence: "I am really only interested in you, then you can help me find a big leaf, so I can't see anything."

Ling Tian thought for a moment and actually did it. The people around the circle were all shocked by the dialogue and actions of the two.

It turns out that I can show love like this!

Su Shi played for a while across the big leaves. After the fire was almost out, he smiled and said to York: "I tell you, I just saw the monster."

When this was said, everyone’s eyes fell on Su Shi’s body.

Su Shi continued: "That is a very huge python. The tip of the tail is as thick as your waist. The back has a white fleshy wing that can fly directly."

Speaking of this, Su Shi paused for a moment, and then continued: "Just the big python and I said, its next goal is you, York."




 When he heard Su Shi’s words, York’s pupil slammed and trembled uncontrollably: “Impossible! You must be lying to me! Impossible!”

"Is not possible, don't you know when you are shredded by the giant python?" Su Shi smirked and stepped back two steps, his dark eyes still staring at York. "It says eat you." When you are, you must enjoy it. You can't kill you directly. He is going to pull off your two legs and two arms first, then your internal organs, and then..."

When Su Shi’s words were not finished, York sighed in horror, slammed up from the ground and went to the distance.

Su Shi did not stop him, but his eyes looked coldly at York's back, then slowly turned to look at Linna and Brooke: "You also want to know if you are in the first place?"

Linna and Brooke were shocked by Su Shi’s cold voice, and my heart was very clear. With Su Shi’s temper, I am afraid that it would never be possible to forgive them and help them. If they stay here, they will anger each other.

The two of them hated each other, but they could only leave in vain, but this time they did not return to the previous fire, but re-selected the location near the wooden house.

As for York, he is really going to be scared. He feels that he no longer wants to stay in this place for a second. He wants to leave here, leave this desert island, stay away from the monster, and stay away from Su Shi’s terrible Guy!

Therefore, after his mind was slightly calmed down, he immediately began to drag the tools that had been made by the previous people to the beach.

When Linna and Brooke discovered it, York had dragged the rafts, which were bundled with several thick woods and long ropes found on the desert island, a few tens of meters away.

When Brooke saw it, he immediately angered: "York, what are you doing?"

York now has no time to take care of these two people, while continuing to drag the raft to the beach, and not returning to the ground: "I must leave now, or I will die, I must leave here!"

Brooke directly blocked in front of York and angered: "You are stopping! Now the raft can't be used at all. The sea is so big, it will sink, and we don't have enough food. If you leave, We can't live back to the shore!"

York glared at Brooke, and although his emotions had calmed down a bit, his state would soon be in a state of near collapse as long as he thought of what Su Shi said.

He was very angry and roared: "You don't worry now, but I am going to die soon. Do you know? The next monster will eat me! If I don't want to leave now, I will always be It is impossible to leave here!"

Brooke was also annoyed. He took a deep breath and tried to speak calmly. "York, let's calm down first. Su Shi just said that he was deliberately scaring you. It can't be true, you are in your heart. Very clear, isn't it?"

York is completely calm: "I don't know, I only know the next goal of the monster, it is probably me, I can't wait any longer!"

"York, you listen to me, Su Shi, he can't communicate with that monster, because the monster can't talk. He is scaring you. If you really leave now, it is like his wish. Well, and I can assure you that if you leave now, you may live alive, when the sun rises in the morning and tomorrow." Although this is not very good, it is indeed true.

York heard it even more angry: "Are you cursing me? I know, you just don't want me to use this raft, you don't care about my life and death!"

Brooke felt that he had no way to communicate with York at all. He could only reach out and pull him. He wanted him to put down the raft for a while, but York’s reaction was very radical. He pushed Brooke away and became more angry: "I I must leave here today, no one of you wants to stop me!"

Linna stood there and she was helpless. She could only come forward and said: "York, how can we harm you? Have you forgotten? We are now companions, and we have only three people left. We should now Stay together so that we can improve our survival. If you leave alone now, it will be very dangerous."

"Three people stay together? You forgot, when you said it yesterday, how did you leave your companion, did you escape?" York was full of anger and irony, "When I am dying." You must have left me without hesitation, I don’t believe you at all!"

The three people were in dispute again, but no one else could convince anyone. In the end, they almost had to quarrel and even started.

Although Brooke doesn't think that this raft can really cross the ocean, it is also the last tool left by them, so he can never let York take the raft.

The two people became more and more annoyed, and finally they actually started to move their hands. These two people are hungry for many days. Now they don’t have much strength on their bodies. It’s really a bit weak, but York’s fight does not want to die. Jiner, even a few times turned Brooke to the ground.

Linna wants to dissuade on the side, but neither of them listens to her, she can only rush to circle around.

This is a two-to-one situation, but in the end it turned out that York won, Brooke fell to the ground and could hardly climb, and Linna did not dare to stop, just let York drag the raft away.

It took about ten minutes, and York finally dragged the raft to the beach, pushed it into the sea, and then he climbed up.

Linna helped Brooke to look at the beach not far away. Both of them had anger and deep fear and fear.

"York's body only carries a bag of fruit from the leaves. He can't live to the shore at all." Brooke spit out a **** spit and hated the earth.

Although Linna is holding Brooke, at this time her heart is not as convincing to Brooke as she was at the beginning. If he really has the ability, he will not let York take the raft, just Linna still sighed and said: "It’s a pity that we have made rafts together. We have no tools at all."

York left in the night, and soon his figure disappeared in front of Lina and Brooke. Then, everyone never saw him again, and no one knew what he had encountered after that.

Only the next day, the monster did not appear again, everything was exceptionally calm, but it also implied the strange atmosphere before the storm.

Su Shi did not dare to relax. There are still two medicinal herbs on his body that can be used to build enchantment. It must be used with care.

First use the enchantment to trap the giant python, and then use the mech to solve it. This is Su Shi’s current plan.

If it is not the armor in the water, the aggressiveness and other performance will be greatly reduced. Su Shi now wants to directly drive the mech to the sea, and solve this giant python, saving a lot of night dreams.

On the third day, Su Shi finally waited for the giant clam, and this time, this giant clam should be directed at Su Shi.

Sure enough, has it been wise? Otherwise how can you make such a move?

Su Shi is not flustered, but there are only two positions in the mech. He can bring Ling Tian into the mech, but he can't take care of the Zhao brothers.

Therefore, at the beginning of the emergence of the giant clam, Su Shi immediately let the two people run to the south, try to stay away from here, if necessary, you can go to the beach to hide.

At this time, the tail of the giant clam had been swept into the log cabin. During the engraving, the originally seemingly solid wooden house collapsed to the ground and burst into a cracking sound.

At the moment when Su Shi was about to press the space, he just happened to be on the big green eyes. At this moment, the huge eyes seemed to flash a trace of gloom, then it suddenly spit the letter to the other direction. It’s gone.

Su Shi’s actions on the space button suddenly made a slight pause. What happened to this giant? The prey has already reached the mouth, and it suddenly gave up?

Especially what the smack of the scorpion’s eyes just flashed, what is going on?

Su Shi faintly noticed that something was wrong. This feeling is like the target of this python was indeed himself, but when I was halfway, I didn’t know why I suddenly changed my mind and turned to attack others.

If, as I expected, this python has already opened its mind, then it should not be possible to suddenly change its target for no reason, so what is the reason for this to happen?

However, the time is tight and the enchantment has been set. Su Shi has no time to think about this issue. He must seize this opportunity to eliminate this giant.

At the moment, Su Shi directly reached out to press the space button, but after waiting for a moment, the mech did not fly out of the space button as expected, and there was no movement in the space, which made Su Shi frowned deeply.

Before these people came to this deserted island, Su Shi took the mech from the space button in order to keep out the cold. At that time, there was no problem, but now, the mech is like a sudden disappearance. Nothing is moving!

Su Shi’s heart sighed and felt scared. If the giant python had no conversion target, maybe he is now in the belly of the giant python.

After Su Yuping regained his mood, he immediately took another space in the armor and pressed the switch.

However, the result is still no movement. It should have been impossible to have any problem space. It is like losing a huge storage function. The things inside have disappeared and become a small, ordinary one. article.

This is simply too strange!

Su Shi’s thoughts flipped and immediately thought of the reason why he appeared in this mission world. Is it that force is deliberately blocking himself?

But if the other party really has such ability, you can set the target of the giant python on your own from the beginning, so why wait until now?

And the thing that just smashed the target of the attack is also very embarrassing, and it seems that it is not like trying to kill what his own forces have done.

For a time, Su Shi couldn't help but be confused. The other party's actions seemed to be both helping themselves and restricting themselves. So what is the enemy and friend, and what purpose does he have?

Just as Su Shi was confused, there was already someone unfortunately falling there. Linna’s screams were resounding and screaming.

And this scream is enough to show that this time the person who was swallowed into the belly by the giant python is Brooke.

As a result, there are only five surviving people on this desert island.

Su Shi does not have the tools to deal with the giant python. He can only watch the giant python move away from the distance. At this time, Su Shi suddenly heard a familiar selling voice.

"Hosting adults, I finally escaped, hehe..."





 Then, there was an unidentified round ball that flew into Su Shi's arms. He subconsciously caught it, his hands were very familiar with the touch, and Su Shi's mouth had been subconsciously evoked.

After plunging into Su Shi’s arms, the ball continued to cry and cried: “The host is all bad, I blame me for a moment, will let you fall into this mission world, and have withstood so many hardships, I It is my fault to protect you and the man at all times..."

I haven't heard the sound of the ball in a few days. Su Shi actually felt some nostalgia. At this time, she didn't feel bored. Instead, she reached out and took two shots on the rounded body of the ball: "Nothing, I am not now. Still alive?"

The ball still feels very self-blaming. In addition to its stupidity and sweetness, there is also a strong sense of responsibility. However, all tasks assigned by Su Shi will be done with great care.

But now there has been such a big leak, or because of it, the ball will naturally feel extraordinarily self-blame.

Su Shi has no choice but to transfer the topic first: "So can you tell me what is going on with this? Why do I fall into this mission world, why does Ling Tian lose memory? And you go again Where is it?"

When asked such a serious question, the ball wiped the tears that did not really exist, sobbing: "This thing really blames me. In the last mission world, the host adult you did not ask me to gongs and drums. What? The problem is probably from that time."

Having said that, the ball is unnaturally swaying and rounding the body. Some awkwardly but firmly continue: "Hosting adults, you should know that I am different from other systems in the world. It is a completely independent existence. Advanced intelligent system, in fact, I am envious of other systems can find their own partners, but also envy your relationship with the man is so good, so I will ... I will separate some of my internal data, want to create a Independent of my smart system.

At that time, I spent a lot of thoughts on doing this, but I didn't have any results. I thought that this attempt failed. But who knows that the guy is so bad, he obviously already has his own intelligent consciousness, but he has been Pretending to fall asleep to deceive me, I was deliberately throwing me out of the little black house when I entered the next mission world, and I was so mad at me! ”

The ball roared angrily, but because its voice was very soft, it sounded completely imposing, but it was more like a spoiled.

However, Su Shi actually determined his own guess from the words of the ball. He caught the key and asked: "What about the intelligent system of the new student?"

"Of course, I was locked into the little black house! Hey, it dares to count me like this, but it hurts you and the man to suffer so much. He was almost eaten by the behemoth. I certainly can’t let it go. "The ball gnashed at the teeth, but the voice was filled with a little guilty conscience."

Su Shi once again grasped the key points in the ball and asked: "So what are you going to do with it?"

The ball shook uneasily, and almost dared not look at Su Shi’s eyes: "The host, I know that it behaves very badly, but... but it is manufactured by me, after all, so this responsibility should be I am responsible for it, and I am a bit... I can't bear to kill it directly, but I can shut it down in the dark room, and I can... ignore it."

Su Shi’s thoughts on the ball are not unexpected. The main reason is that the ball is too stupid and sweet, and the heart is very soft. It is strange that the killer can be hurt at this time.

Su Shi thought for a moment, but did not directly decide, but first asked a few questions: "When you were shut down in the dark room, what did it do for you?"

"Of course!" The moment before, the heart was soft. The next round of the ball couldn’t help but complain. "It didn't let me help you and the man. I also modified some of my data and added a ban. I didn't have it." The approach comes directly from the mission world at the outset, and the ban can only be lifted when the number of humans surviving in this mission world is less than half."

"Except this?" Su Shi picked up her eyebrows.

The ball seriously thought: "Of course! It is still trying to brainwash me, deliberately telling me the bad things about the host, let me abandon you directly, it is simply too odious!"

"...Is there still?" Su Shi’s eyebrows pumped.

The ball seriously thought about it and shook it. "Besides, it seems that there is no more? In fact, during this time, he will talk to me every day, give me fun things, that is not Willing to let me out."

Because of this, the ball will not be able to directly kill it.

"In addition to this prohibition, does it have other data that touched you, or is it trying to devour you?" Su Shi continued.

"No, it hasn't done this yet, and it has no ability to do this. After all, I am the main system." The ball swayed.

Su Shi thought about it for a moment. He probably guessed what the other party was. Although this guy’s action really made Su Shi very unhappy, if he was really good at the ball and would like to stay with the ball all the time. Su Shi is not unable to consider forgiving it once.

"Do you have complete control over it now?" Su Shi asked the last question.

The ball nodded: "Yes."

Su Shi also nodded and said directly: "Then let it out first, I have something to say to him."

"Ah?" The ball was forced for a moment, and a little worried about the truth. "Is the host adult going to solve it now?"

Su Shi did not have much explanation, but just waved his hand: "You call it first, then avoid it."

The ball couldn’t be, and the black egg could only be pulled out of the dark room. What I wanted to say to Su Shi, but I finally said nothing, just hesitantly disappeared.

Su Shi looked at the ball with a faint gray mist in front of her eyes, and the corner of her mouth couldn’t help but smashed it. The taste of the ball was really flattering.

After the ball disappeared, Su Shi was on the black ball in front of him: "Is there anything I have to say to me?"

The black ball is floating in the air, it is not talking, it is like anger, but it is very cold like setting.

"Do you feel very sorry? Didn't you kill us directly?" Su Shi did not mind, continued to swear, "but with your ability, can you do this is the limit? Although you are at the beginning After the ball, but after all, the defense system of the ball is very advanced. Even if you are separating the data from it, you should be prepared to be aware of it. So what you can do is to smash the ball. Transform the world of missions and set the limits for the world of the mission."

Speaking of this, Su Shi paused for a while and continued: "Well, only when the number of survivors in this mission world is less than half of the total number of people, the ball can enter this mission world. Let me think about why you want Set such restrictions?"

The black ball seemed to move, but still did not intend to speak, continue to pretend to die.

Su Shi turned around the black ball and continued to speak slowly: "It seems that you know the ball very well. If you set the ball from the beginning, you can't enter the mission world anyway, I am afraid it. Anyway, it will force you in.

But if only half of the people are killed, the understanding of the ball will be at least halved, and there will be no harm to themselves because of the urgency. So in the end, you actually don't want to hurt the ball? ”

The black ball still didn't talk, but he heard Su Shi suddenly coldly whispered, saying: "So you should be glad that both me and the man are still alive, otherwise you will kill the ball by yourself."

After hearing this, the black ball finally had a more obvious reaction, and the body finally issued a chilly electronic sound: "You are lying to me."

"Cheat you? Is this necessary?" Su Shi laughed and didn't put the black ball in his eyes. "If it's just that I am dead, the ball will not completely disappear. At most, it suffers from contact and binding. But If the male dies, the ball will completely lose the meaning and value of existence. Do you think that the ball will continue to exist at that time?"

Su Shi’s words were just finished, and the black ball’s sphere immediately gave off a thick gray mist, just like manual blackening.

"I know that you don't want the ball to be restrained, but your idea is obviously too naive. At least for the current ball, I am definitely more important than you. If you let me let the ball kill you directly," How will it choose?" Su Shi threatened without any politeness.

This made the fog on the black ball more and more, and it could not stop.

Su Shi compares and likes it. Although he looks at the face of the ball, he does not intend to let the black ball go out directly, but it is impossible to light it.

Even dare to throw them directly into this ferocious world, this ball is quite dead, more powerful than the ball in this regard.

"If you don't think about the ball, you are no longer there now," Su Shi's voice was a little cold. "In addition, in order to prevent you from making the same mistake next time, I must remind you that you generally think for the other side. Things that are done without the consent of the other party are often stupid things."

The implication is that the move before the black ball is doing stupid things, not the usual stupidity.

Although the black ball is irritated by such a statement, it seems that it is true that this is true, so it does not continue to emit endless gray fog.

After a moment of silence, the black ball finally spoke up: "I don't plan to deal with you."

"To each other, the reason why I will leave you completely is to consider the ball. If you are not worried that it will be sad, you have no need to exist, so I don't want you to appear in front of me again." I hate the one-person system and I don’t want to see each other again.

In fact, it is not entirely because of the ball. The black ball that should have been opened before should be the black ball. It should be the same to prevent me from taking out the mech, so this black ball is very annoying, but it is actually in the ball. Before, its attitude should have changed, otherwise it would not help Su Shi.

This feeling is like, the black ball is ready to brainwash the ball, but the result is turned to brainwashed by the ball, feeling inexplicably a little cute.

The black ball does not want to continue to communicate with this human being, but after thinking about it, he still said: "I will not hurt the ball, nor will I take the initiative to find you, but I hope that you can better the ball."

"Still that sentence, don't think that it is good for the other party, you can do stupid things." Su Shi also sarcastically.

Although the relationship between Su Shi and the ball looks like a master servant, or a dominance relationship, the nature of the one-person-one-ball relationship has long since changed, becoming a partner or even a family member.

The black ball was silent for a while, and no more was said. Su Shi directly waved it away.

When Su Shi turned back, he saw that in the dark, Ling Tian’s nephew was staring at himself: “What are they?”





 Su Shi’s heart was awkward. Although he didn’t deliberately conceal Ling Tian, ​​he didn’t expect Ling Tian to be able to detect the existence of the ball. He smiled squinting at some time: “What have you just seen? ?"

"Not two ugly balls?" Ling Tian asked.

"..." This actually made Su Shi a bit speechless. It was indeed two balls, and it was really not very good-looking. One body flashed with various colors of light, and a black one would not go out of the autumn. Smoke, "That is... my friend."

Although it has experienced so many mission worlds, the lover's soul fragments have become less and less bright and seem to be more and more complete, but Su Shi still can't guarantee whether it is the best time to tell the truth.

In the last mission world, Su Shi has already planned, and first use the online game world as a pedal. If he can bring in the soul fragments of his lover, then he has great hope to bring his lover into the real. Go in the real world.

By the time I waited for it, it would be the best choice and the most foolproof.

Ling Tian saw Su Shi’s hesitation. He felt that this little lover’s move was somewhat contradictory. If he really wanted to hide himself, he could just find a way to open himself, but he did not.

But if he doesn't want to hide himself, there is no need to deliberately avoid his own problems and give such an ambiguous answer.

But even if you can't understand the idea of ​​your own little lover, Ling Tian will not give birth to unnecessary thoughts. Even if the lover is really hiding something from him, it will definitely not harm him, so there is nothing to be counted.

After the dialogue here was almost completed, Zhao Shun and Zhao Li finally rushed back, panting and saying: "You...all right? That big bang?"

Su Shi saved the shrug and calmly said: "Run, but we should be safe now."

Now that there is a round ball, Su Shi does not worry about what threats the giant python will bring to himself. However, if there is such a thing, there seems to be something that I could not do before, and finally I can consider doing it.

Su Shi’s heart is beautiful, but this kind of thing doesn’t have to be anxious. At night, it’s better to sleep peacefully.

The ball over there was probably too embarrassing. I didn't need Su Shi to tell me. The next morning I ran over and told Su Shi that the huge python had been solved.

"Resolved? Killed?" Su Shi asked for an eyebrow while eating breakfast.

At this time, he was only sitting on Ling Tian alone. As for Zhao Shun and Zhao Li, he was settled by another house in Su Shi.

Some things can not avoid Ling Tian, ​​but it is not convenient to show them in front of the Zhao family. Moreover, there is no other danger on this desert island. There are no problems for several people to act separately.

As for the only surviving Linna in the other team, Su Shi will not even manage more. If she has the ability to continue to live here, Su Shi will naturally not kill her, but if he wants to help him. That is absolutely impossible.

The ball swayed and it didn't look too much clever: "No, I just re-sealed it back to where he was before, and it shouldn't leave there later, it will come out of chaos. But if the host is like this If the treatment is not satisfactory, I can still go through the second treatment."

Su Shi thought about his chin and thought of a question: "The ball, do you think there is something worth taking here?"

What Su Shi asked was obviously to take the world from this mission and bring something into the next mission world.

Although there is a pre-existing summary, in fact, the overall pattern of the world is such a desert island. People in this world cannot successfully leave the desert island regardless of the method used.

On the desert island, except for some bushes and fruit trees, there was nothing. Su Shi couldn’t think of anything worth taking him.

The ball also seriously thought about it. It turned out to be fruitless. The black egg is really too bad. The task of choosing the world is not dangerous. There is nothing worthwhile here. It must be intentional!

"It seems that there is really nothing worth taking away. Here are some, the general host adults have already had your package." The ball decided to close the black egg for a few days, and watch it next time. Dare to do this stupid thing!

Su Shi thought about the chin again, and suddenly his eyes lit up: "If you really say it, there is something unique in this world, but it may not be convenient to bring it."

"What is the host you are talking about?" The ball looked at Su Shi ignorantly.

Su Shi slightly hooked the lower lip corner, like a smile: "The thing you just dealt with."

The ball was forced to react for a moment, and suddenly it was shocked: "Cocoa...but that is a living thing! And it has such a big head!"

"You didn't say that you can't bring a living thing before." Su Shi winded a glimpse of the ball, the next world is based on games, if you can bring such a thing into the game, as yourself The exclusive mount, even the attacking weapon, feels very windy.

"..." The ball actually feels a little speechless, but it has long been taken for granted by its own host.

Plus this time is indeed its negligence, it will be such a big mistake, it is necessary to compensate for the host.

So although I felt very embarrassed, but after the ball struggled again, I still agreed: "That... well, let me think about ways to see if I can bring this thing to the next mission world. ""

"I have already helped you think of a good way," the goal is achieved. Su Shi also very kindly said the method that she had thought of before. "The next thing I want to enter is the game world. If it really brings such a huge The past of the entity monster can not be used directly, and may even cause huge disturbances. Therefore, my suggestion is that you should record the size, area and other data of this giant python in detail, and then measure its attack and defense. Wait for performance, then convert them into virtual shapes and copy them in the past. Do you think this works?"

Although the past is still the same thing as the data, but it is not an entity, but some virtual data.

This method is very consistent with the game settings. After all, the weapons, equipment, clothes, mounts, etc. in the game are all composed of some virtual data, which does not exist in the real world.

In this case, it can make this easier, saving the ball and worrying about how to transport a huge living creature to the next mission world.

"Hosting adults, your proposal is really great!" The ball immediately cheered on the venue. "If you do this, you will definitely have no problem!"

After this problem was solved, Su Shi had already solved the breakfast. He only asked the question related to this world mission story: "The ball, is this mission world also containing soul fragments?"

The ball squinted a little, and then restlessly said: "Because this mission world is a black egg from some of the more dangerous mission worlds, you and the man should not appear here, so there is no corresponding World debris."

This sentence can also be understood as follows, according to the original plot of the world, there are no such characters as Su Shi and Ling Tian. Naturally, there will be no mission plots and main line and branch tasks, and there will be no soul. This kind of thing exists.

The ball thought about it and added: "However, because this is my negligence, it will lead to this result. Therefore, as a compensation, the host can give you an additional one-time bonus of 10,000 IQ points. ”

The 10,000-point IQ point sounds like a lot, but because Su Shi does not take the initiative to redeem the props in general, most of them will let the ball do the work when the situation is needed, so the IQ is not too strong. concept.

When I heard the ball, Su Shi just nodded a little: "I know."

Seeing the response of the host is so calm, the ball feels more guilty. It thinks about it and asks Su Shidao with the idea of ​​private use of the public device: "Is there any host game that you particularly like to play?" Secretly telling you, I can change the background of the game in the next world."

Su Shi picked up her eyebrows and thought about it seriously, but she shook her head: "I don't seem to have any games to enjoy."

Su Shi itself does not like to play games, and can not find the fun of playing games, and he chose this kind of mission world, it is also to test the plan of the heart, to prepare for bringing the lover into the real world. .

This kind of answer makes the ball feel very unexpected. It also thought that with the personality of its own host, it must have played a lot of games. It thought about it for a moment, and asked another way: "Do you have anything better at it?" What about the game?"

Su Shi’s answer once again made it fall: “No, to be honest, I almost never play games.”

"!!!" The ball feels like it has discovered the New World, and its host will definitely not play the game! ! ! Doesn't this seem to match the ones of his people?

Then the question came, the ball was full of shock and asked: "Why do you choose the game world?"

This time Su Shi did not answer directly, but asked in reverse: "You shouldn't ask me first, since you can't play games at all, how can you force your face in the game world?"

Being surrounded by his own host, the ball suddenly went wrong: "Yeah! What do you plan to do with the host?"

This problem is clearly that Su Shi asked the ball out, but he made a mysterious smile at this time: "The mountain people have their own ideas."

"..." It feels that its home is really good or bad.

After confirming that there is no main line task in this mission world, and it is impossible to get the soul fragments, Su Shi also learned from the mouth of the ball that such a world does not need to be at the end and can be separated at any time.

If it is other world backgrounds, Su Shi is still willing to stay with his lover, it is a honeymoon trip, but the environment here is extremely bad, only such a large piece, there is really nothing to play with, it seems monotonous .

In addition, Su Shi also wants to determine the feasibility of his plan as soon as possible, so he quickly decided to leave the world as soon as possible and go to the next mission world.

However, this "as soon as possible", at least for a month or so, since they have come to the world, they can't really do nothing.

So on the evening of the same day, Su Shi set up a fire and laid a thick, soft blanket around the fire.

Then, he took Ling Tian to sleep on the blanket. It is worth noting that this time of sleep, it is not ordinary sleep.





 In the last month or so, both of them performed the same sleeping behavior at different locations on the desert island, which was extremely boring.

In the process, Su Shi did not forget to consider the Zhao brothers.

Previously, the ball has said that the whole background of this world is only such a desert island, and the rest are all endless seas, so there is no such thing as returning to land.

It is almost certain that this is a incomplete script. In the face of such a defect, Su Shi and Ling Tian can wave directly and leave, but the others in this script are not so lucky.

According to the previous development, these people should all die on this desert island, but because of the emergence of Su Shi, the situation has changed a lot. Not only the Zhao brothers survived, Linna survived, but this pair They are not necessarily good things for them.

In the end, I can only live on such a deserted island with such a bad environment. Is this a torture?

When I learned about this incident, Su Shi even had a trace of self-doubt. Did she really save the Zhao brothers before? Perhaps for them, death is the ultimate relief?

But now that everything has happened, there is no possibility of turning back. It is impossible for Su Shi to deprive the Zhao brothers of the right to continue living at this time. This will inevitably make him sigh.

“Is there any way to get them out of here?” Su said with an eyebrow, although the feelings were not deep, he did not want to see that the two men had been trapped on this lonely island.

After thinking about it, the ball suddenly turned into a light: "I know that there is a system prop that can artificially create a very realistic environment, but the scope can not be too big, at most it is a big town."

This made Su Shi's eyes shine. Although it is only as big as a small town, the scope is very limited, but it is much better than on such a desert island.

Su Shi asked: "So what about people and things in the town? Can you control it yourself?"

"It is ok, but the arrangement can not be too fine, otherwise the props may not be able to bear such a large pressure and collapse." The ball replied truthfully.

After Su Shi thought for a moment, he had already made a decision: "How many IQ points do you need to redeem this item?"

When asked about this question, the ball suddenly became a bit confusing: "Because it is a prop that affects a large range, it needs... It takes 20,000 points of IQ."

Su Shi picked up her eyebrows and didn't care much about it: "That's still to follow the old rules."

"Old... old rules?" The heart of the ball suddenly raised an ominous premonition, perhaps this should not be called a hunch, because it will become a reality.

Su Shi smiled and slowly raised a finger: "The price of one fold."

"..." Sure enough, the ball is awkward, but it is indeed used to the existence of this situation, coupled with the embarrassment of the heart, so even the rebuttal can not say, can only cry inside and promised, "Good... okay."

Su Shi spent two thousand IQ points to buy props, opened a small town not far from the desert island, and took time to decorate it.

Su Shi spent nearly a month arranging the town, and arranged more than 100 families. Every family has a good heart. The overall atmosphere of the town is harmonious and beautiful, the infrastructure is complete, and life is very good. Convenience.

However, Su Shi did not directly tell the Zhao family that the two towns existed. Many things had to be dug by themselves, and they felt more confident and satisfied. Some things still let them do it themselves.

Before the farewell, Su Shi just told Zhao Shun and Zhao Li that he and Ling Tian had other things, so they were different from them.

The two brothers of the Zhao family are kind-hearted people, and they will inevitably feel disappointed, but they think that the strength of these two individuals is much stronger than theirs, and they will let go of their hearts, and there will always be a separate day for the banquets in the world.

On the day the two brothers left, Su Shi gave them enough food, although the town was not too far from here, but it must be foolproof.

Just when the Zhao brothers were about to leave, they were so embarrassed that Linna, who could hardly see the original appearance, suddenly came out and cried and cried: "I beg you to take me out of here, beg you!"

The Zhao family brothers were not Su Shi. When they saw Linna’s poor appearance, they suddenly felt a little soft and looked at Su Shi with a look of difficulty: “This...”

Su Shi just smiled a little: "From now on, you can make choices for yourself, I will not interfere with you."

It is precisely because the Zhao brothers are more kind, if this time they really force them to leave Lena no matter, they may leave a shadow of self-blame, Su Shi does not want to see such a result.

The Zhao family heard the words and their attitudes were more relaxed. After thinking about it, they chose to bring people.

Su Shi did not express any opinion on this. He would not do this himself, but it does not mean that he would force others to do the same with him, but after the Zhao brothers left, he gave the ball to the town. Added a restriction.

Once Linna gave birth to ideas that she shouldn’t have and made things that hurt others, all the residents in the town would unite to drive her out.

After doing this well, Su Shi took Ling Tian on this deserted island and walked around. Although the memory on the desert island is not good, it is an experience for them.

Su Shi and Ling Tian were interlocking and asked him with a smile: "We are going to leave here soon. Do you have any feelings?"

"I just want to know, will you still be by my side?" Ling Tian looked at Su Shi seriously.

Because Su Shi did not deliberately conceal the conversation between him and the ball, Ling Tian knows where they are going, where it is.

"Of course," Su Shi first nodded, then frowned slightly. "But I am worried that you will forget me as much as this time."

When I heard this, Ling Tian frowned and frowned. "I don't want to forget you."

"I don't want you to forget me," Su Shi took Ling Tian's hand and shook it back and forth. "But you don't have to worry, because I will remember you, so no matter when I will find it." your."

"Really?" Ling Tian's deep scorpion stared at Su Shi. "Even if I don't remember you, will you find me?"

"Yeah, I love you so much, how can I be willing to leave you?" Su Shi's face slowly burst into a pure clean and brilliant smile.

Ling Tian clenched Su Shi’s hand: “I will wait for you all the time.”

Three days later, the Zhao brothers and Linna arrived at the town smoothly. About a week later, three people found a suitable place in the town, and settled down.

On the other hand, Su Shi finally decided to start and enter the next mission world.

In order to prevent the last accident from happening again, this round of the ball caught the black egg reprimanded and asked many times, and repeatedly checked whether the data had any problems. When it was determined that everything was normal, it took Su Shi for final confirmation. jobs.

The ball with a detailed description: "Hosted adults, the next mission world is the game background, the selection is a very general game, although the mission world is based on games, but it will also involve real life. The plot, is it?"

"There are no problems with these, but what I said about the man, you should have no problem on the other side?" Su Shi is not interested in the content of the ball, and he also feels that even the game world of the game It is also necessary to involve the reality. After all, even if it is a realistic game, there are some things that cannot be done in the game.

The ball immediately answered: "This time I found the mission world, the background is absolutely in line with the requirements of the host adult!"

Su Shi nodded, because the purpose of this time is very clear, he must find a character who lives completely in the virtual world of the game to the lover, but also must find a body suitable for the lover in reality, to complete the lover from the virtual world to The perfect transition of the real world.

This is also the main reason why Su Shi chose the game world. Only after successfully completing this incident, he dared to further transition between the fast-traveling task and the real real world.

After all, it is his own lover, and Su Shi will never take it lightly.

On the night before leaving the world, the night sky was extraordinarily bright and beautiful. Su Shi and Ling Tian stood side by side with the beautiful night sky and the sea that was stained with darkness by the night.

"It's beautiful." Every time he leaves, Su Shi will feel sore in his heart. This kind of sorrow and qi is deepening and even reaching the point where he can't bear it.

Ming knows that he will see you again, but still feels very uncomfortable. Su Shi has never been so vulnerable.

Ling Tian held Su Shi’s hand and nodded: “It’s beautiful.”

"You turn around." Su Shi turned to look at Ling Tian.

Ling Tian pointed his eyes at Su Shi, and his expression was as calm as ever, and his eyes were as affectionate as ever.

"Close your eyes." Su Shi said again.

Ling Tian closed his eyes.

Su Shi slowly leaned over, and the cool lips slowly fell on Ling Tian's lips, and in the next moment, the two bodies slowly turned into a little bit of light in the night.

The light spots slowly merged together, slowly drifting into the air, and interacting with the stars of the sky, as if it became the most beautiful scenery in the night...



Arc 10: Spread IQ For NPC boss

 Su Shi slowly opened her eyes, rubbed her cockroaches, and turned her throat again. The feeling of soreness in her eyes gradually subsided.

Even if he has not yet obtained the memory of the original master, he can clearly judge that this person should have cried a lot before, and there are a lot of tears, otherwise the eyes will never be so uncomfortable.

Su Shi once again looked at the layout of the room and judged that it should be a reality in the mission world, not in the game.

Su Shi sat up from the bed and whispered a sentence: "The ball."

"In!" The ball immediately floated out, and the attitude was positive. "Hosting adults, how do you feel now? Is there any uncomfortable?"

"Fortunately, you can give me the memory of the original master directly." Su said with a frowning heart, his voice is hoarse, which further proves his guess.

The ball immediately responded, slowly opening the memory of the original Lord, and Su Shi closed his eyes and began to absorb the memory.

The original name is Liu Feng, a 19-year-old middle school boy. He usually has no other hobbies, and he especially likes to play games.

Nowadays, holographic games have become very popular. You can buy a good quality holographic helmet for one or two thousand, and you can buy a holographic nutrition bin that can guarantee the user's nutrients for three days.

Because the game and the real money have been able to circulate steadily, the game has become a popular occupation for young people. Many people are happy to play it. After all, for them, they can play games and make money. But very lucky.

Liu Feng did not regard the game as a tool to make money. He just likes to play games. Others make money from the game to the reality, and he saves money from the reality.

This situation is also normal in this era, not surprising, and in the case of Liu Feng's family, this money is nothing.

However, the problem is that he encountered a ruin in his game that almost ruined his life.

This kind of thing has always existed in online dating. It is also true in this era. If you only meet people who are involved in the game, the two will not be in a relationship with each other without violating morality and law.

Liu Feng thought that this relationship was a good relationship. From the beginning, the other party's intentional calculations, and this online love eventually led to Liu Feng's ruin, and his father was brutally driven out of the house.

The fundamental reason for accomplishing all this is that the girl who is in love with Liu Feng is Liu Feng’s half-sister, a illegitimate daughter born to Liu Feng’s father.

Yes, this is another dog's **** conspiracy, and Liu Feng is the most innocent in this drama, but it has the most tragic ending.

A true (chu) love (gui) chan (wu) crystal (wu), in order to help himself (tian) do (bu) zhi (chi) y (chi) mother "exhaust", in order to let themselves live Under the "sunshine", the brother who deliberately lured his half-brother in the game, also set up a strategy, let the other person carry the crime of strong X's own sister, and was eventually swept out.

It’s really a big white lotus flower, a heart-shaped watch, Su Shi is almost laughed.

The most terrifying thing is that when this incident broke out, everyone was desperately accusing him. The original father’s father did not even give the original owner the opportunity to explain, and he immediately drove him out of the house.

In addition, Liu Feng’s best-sister Liu Jinjin has done a lot of disgusting things.

For example, she hung the original owner, let him buy equipment, buy clothes, buy props, and hooked up another local tyrant in the game, and even let the local tyrants help themselves secretly teach the original owner.

For example, she knows that there is a sister in the game who has a good impression on the original owner. She deliberately finds a jealousy and makes trouble with the other party. Then she reverses the black and white in front of the original owner and lets the original master teach the other party.

Su Shi suddenly felt that in this mission world, the original master should be the one who should be sown IQ. How can a person be stupid to this extent?

Su Shi helped the low smile and scared the ball: "Hosting adults, are you okay?"

Su Shi stopped a few times, but there was a touch of rhythm in his mouth: "I'm fine, I think it will be interesting in the next period."

It’s a very interesting thing to be able to get rid of the scum.

"Hmm." Although I didn't grasp the smile of my own host, the ball still echoed two times.

“What is the situation with the male owner?” Su Shi asked again.

When asked this question, the ball is hard to get stuck, because the mission world is completely selected according to the requirements of the host, so there is no male owner.

However, since the host has asked this question, the ball can't help but answer it. It can only be shaken: "It should be good, the existence, no one can overcome it."

Su Shimi smiled a bit, and now no one has conquered it, but there will be it later, because he is coming.

I have already obtained the memory of the original master, and I know what time I am at the moment. Su Shi climbed up from the bed very much, went to wash and eat breakfast, and then lay back directly on the bed and put on a holographic helmet.

In front of the eyes, it was black. At the next moment, Su Shi was in a very noisy market. There were many people around the stalls selling equipment, selling clothes, selling materials and props.

Su Shi is not in a hurry to do anything else, first open his own game information.

Player ID: 666666 (This is the unique identifier of the authenticated player identity, can not be changed, this information is only visible to the player himself)

Player nickname: a stream of water

Player occupation: hunter

Player level: 66

Player marriage: no

Wealth value: 6666666 gold coins

Su Shi touched the chin, the ID is good, the grade is also good, the wealth value is also very 6, he is very satisfied, but there is still a name missing in the marriage, you have to fill it as soon as possible.

Su Shi’s gaze swept the game data again, and he did not hesitate to change the nickname option. He changed the [One Water Flow] to [Su Fry Sky], and sent a few full service red information.

[The player has changed its name to Su Yu Cang! ! ! ]

[The player has changed its name to Su Yu Cang! ! ! ]

......

Rows of bold red characters look like a round of fans, this nickname, do you really feel shame on your own host?

However, this kind of information is to let the world channel directly blow up.

I love the local tyrants who love me: lying! I was shocked to see the locals brushing the screen, but how do I feel that there is something wrong with it?

Blowing and blowing the bull: It’s really not right! Isn't this game forbidden to play the word ** in the player's nickname? Why do some people have nicknames in their nicknames?

Hehehehe to show you: upstairs personally verified not only the nickname, even the chat can not bring the two words.

Xiaojia Biyu: Yan Xiu sister, you said that this is not a bug, can we report it?

Everyone is good: My sister, Jasper, I think this should be a bug. Let's report it together.

A little goldfish: Don't go! Let me come, I want to get rewards!

Because of the reported things, the world channel was probably quiet for a few seconds, and then boiled again, even before it was boiling.

A little goldfish: I am going to go! Actually said that it is not a bug, but also said that the game did not have any problems, why is it like this! * Why do you want to treat me like this? !

I am a bug: I am the same result, so amazing, ****, I will try to use the word now.

Why worry? The result is very cruel, you are not a bug. In addition, I just tried to report it. The result is the same as you, and I really saw the ghost.

Xiaojiabiyu: Sister Xiu Xiu, do you say that this is not evidence of GM sheltering players? Do we want to report it?

Everyone is beautiful: Jasper sister, I think it should be considered, let's go together.

Yushu Linfeng: The two people on the upstairs shut up their mouths, and they are simply disgusting! However, this behavior is really bad. Why can someone use the two words as a nickname, but we can't even use it when chatting?

Hehehehe show you: Maybe it is really not a bug. After all, we have a lot of people to report it at once. It is impossible to spread the same GM. But our results are all the same.

I have a little secret: Wait... Why do I suddenly remember that legend? Have you heard it? On the easternmost side of the East Fantasy continent, there is a snow-capped mountain that has never been seen before, but it is said that there is the biggest boss in the game, his name is...**!

I don't know what to call: Hey! Look at the front is quite a sense of feeling, very powerful, see the end, forgive me for laughing and squirting hahahahahaha!

I love the local tyrants to love me: laughing spray 1, life and death can not send the boss name or something, it is so funny hahahahahaha!

Xiaojiabiyu: **.

Xiaojia Biyu: Sister Xiu Xiu, I can't play these two words, can you type it out?

Ladylike:**.

Everyone is good: Sister Jasper, I can't play those two words.

Yushu Linfeng: Can the two demons go upstairs! I am annoying to see you! **.

Blowing and blowing the bull: Upstairs stupid X does not explain, return to the topic, who is now connected to the great god? Who was knowing him before? What is the situation?

I love the local tyrants who love me: private chat, but also added friends, but the gods did not respond.

Hehehehe to show you: private chat, but also added friends, but the Great God did not respond.

I am a bug: I talked privately and added friends, but God did not respond.

Why worry about it: private chat, but also added friends, but the Great God did not respond.

......

Xiaojiabiyu: Sister Xiu Xiu, I also talked about the gods privately, but the **** did not return to me.

Everyone is good: My sister, Jasper, is the same.

Yushu Linfeng: The two people on the upstairs really don't stop, so the good formation is destroyed by you, it is really annoying! By the way, I also added, and I talked privately, and I didn’t respond. _(:з"∠)_

......

At this time, Su Shi did not see the chat of the World Channel, nor did he go to see the private letters or friend requests from those people, because he received a private chat from Liu Jinjin.




 [private chat]

[A piece of brocade]: Is it there?

[Su fried sky]: Yes.

In the game before, although the two met each other, Liu Jinjin guided it, but since the original initiative, it has always been the original initiative to contact Liu Jinjin, and Liu Jinjin's attitude has become detached, slightly cold.

Speaking of it, this should be nearly two months. Liu Jinjin took the initiative to contact himself in the game for the first time. It is ironic to think about it.

[A piece of brocade]: Rogue, I just saw that you seem to change the name?

[Su fried sky]: Since I know that I have changed my name, don't call me a hooligan, listen to not used to it.

When the original owner first started playing games, the nickname was not [a water flowing], but later he changed his game nickname into a similar structure because he liked Liu Jinjin.

[A piece of brocade]: But I used to call you a rogue, the name is very good, and... Why did you suddenly change your name?

Liu Jinjin's tone is difficult to conceal the feelings of sorrow and grievances. Obviously, he is very dissatisfied with Su Shi's arbitrarily modifying his nickname. Su Shi is no longer the original owner. Hearing this, he does not feel distressed and blamed, but feels very disgusting.

In order to achieve his own embarrassing purpose, a person can even count his own half-brothers. Can this be considered a person?

[Su Fry Sky]: If you want to change it, change it and change it to a nickname. Is this a big deal?

[A piece of brocade]: I... I just think it’s too sudden. After all, I haven’t heard you talk about it before. I also think that your previous nickname is very good, and... and I am very similar.

In the last sentence, Liu Jinjin was not deliberately tempted, and Su Shi did not believe it.

[Su fried sky]: Hehe.

[A piece of brocade]:? ? ?

[A piece of brocade]: Are you in a bad mood today? How do you say something strange?

[Su fried sky]: I am really bad today, so I don’t talk, goodbye.

After that, Su Shi first backed up the private chat record of Liu Jinjin before the game account, and then unscrupulously deleted Liu Jinjin's game friends, and also pulled people into the blacklist.

If it is not worried about what Liu Jinjin will do in advance in reality, Su Shi actually wants to directly expose the other party's vicious scheme, and by the way, yell at her.

After doing this, Su Shi did not want to react to Liu Jinjin on the other side. He directly let the ball do a precise positioning for himself and went straight to the east.

On the easternmost side of the East Fantasy continent, there is a long-snowed snow-capped mountain, which is the only restricted area of ​​the game. It is said to hide the top and bottom bosses of this game.

But in fact, no one has ever seen it.

No one is interested in this. In fact, after this rumor came out, there have been countless players going to explore, hoping that they will be the first to witness the top boss and push his lucky players, but no one can Successfully entered the snowy mountain because they were all frozen to death.

Yes, they are not blamed for being unable to compete, nor are they being strangled by the NPC. They are frozen to death.

Su Shi went a long distance to the east, determined that there were no other players nearby, and let the ball get the giant mounts brought from the last world.

Soon, a tourmaline giant with a length of several hundred meters and a thickness of a dozen meters appeared in the air, and some of them swayed the heavy tail.

Su Shi is very satisfied with the new mount in his game. A leaping action jumps on the quilt, and quite a bit of enthusiasm to the east: "Go!"

Then one second passed, two seconds passed... Ten seconds passed, and the giant swayed his tail slowly and indifferently.

"..." Su Shi’s expression on his face could not be stretched. He could only turn his head and call the ball that was enjoying his masterpiece. "How does it move?"

The ball replied: "This is the case. Now that this giant has been in the game world, it has not yet entered the thinking data, so it is now a dead snake, even the most basic swimming. will not."

Su Shi retracted her hand and coughed it: "Now input thinking data to it."

"Why do you have any requirements for this giant, the host?" The ball is also very exciting, after all, the data is copied and shaped by itself.

Su Shi thought for a moment and glared at his fingers: "absolute obedience, absolute wisdom, absolute speed, absolute insight, absolute attack and defense."

"Okay!" To get the answer, the ball was immediately busy, and a series of thinking data was transmitted into the brain of the giant. "It's done! Right, do you want to give it a name to the host?"

Su Shi paused for a moment and spit out two words: "Black."

The body of this giant clam is all smooth and dark scales, only a pair of huge shredded wings are white.

Su Shigang spit out these two words, and the black scorpion made a sound similar to the beast of the beast, but it sounded a little soothing. It apparently accepted the new name.

Everything was ready, Su Shi raised his hand again and pointed to the East: "Get off!"

The black scorpion is a slap in the face, and the stout body is not awkward. It is like a sword. But the Su Shi sitting on the back of the black scorpion, in addition to feeling very fast, has no feeling of discomfort and discomfort.

Under the forbidden snow mountain, there is a beautiful town covered by snow and ice, called the ice and snow town. There are almost no players here, and only some NPCs in the town are here.

Because of the speed of the black scorpion, Su Shi only took less than ten minutes to reach the town.

"How did you write the Raiders?" Walking on the street covered with thick snow, Su Shi asked about the ball.

The ball is honest: "Go to the town's tavern to find NPC Jack, complete the small task he arranged, he will let you go to the town's dance group to find NPC Nana, learn the dance mission she arranged, and then Go to the town..."

Because there were too many steps, Su Shi directly interrupted the ball, and asked directly: "Where is the place to get the props [warm of love], which NPC do you need to find?"

After the ball was paused, he replied honestly: "It is a NPC named Xiao Ming. He is a little boy who looks like a five-year-old boy. He has an ancestral necklace on his hand, which can resist the cold on the snow-capped mountains." Heartwarm love."

"Then go there directly." Su Shi hammered the sound.

Ten minutes later, Su Shi finally found a little boy hiding in the secluded corner of the town and hiding in the alley under the guidance of the ball's superb navigation.

This little boy is a mobile NPC. His location is always changing, and he can sense the presence of the player. Once he notices that there are players nearby, he will deliberately avoid the player. This time if it is not cheating. The artifact rounds the way, and Su Shi estimates that it is impossible to find him.

After blocking the boy, Su Shi smiled at him very directly: "Children, can you give me the necklace on your neck?"

Xiao Ming looked at the quirks in front of her empty hands and tried to lie to her necklace. She shook her head firmly: "No! You are a bad person, I can't give it to you!"

Su Shi wrinkled his eyebrows, but his mouth smiled more tenderly: "I am really not a bad person, but if you don't give me the necklace, I will spread it into a cake and eat it bit by bit."

Xiao Ming was scared and shivered. The big eyes piled up with tears at the speed visible to the naked eye. Don’t cry if you don’t cry. “No... don’t...”

"You don't like to eat bread, then you don't make a cake. How do you feel that you made ice cream and eat it slowly?" Su Shi continued to smile softly, with a soft tone, "just here. The temperature is very good, as long as you bury you in the snow, you can quickly become an ice cream. What kind of ice cream do you want to change yourself? Mango's? Strawberry? Or chocolate?"

When Su Shi’s words were not finished, he heard Xiao Ming wow crying out, and he didn’t want to mention too much pity. However, Su Shi did not have any comfort words, so he smiled and stared at Xiao Ming.

The ball was soft on the side, and quickly turned away from the face, can not bear to see the lovely Xiao Ming was horrified by his own host.

Xiao Ming cried for a while, then barely stopped. Who knows that he just stopped, Su Shi began to scare him again, scared him again, and if he repeated it three times, Xiao Ming finally couldn’t stand it, crying and putting himself The necklace on the neck was taken down and handed to Su Shi.

Su Shi took the props and looked at it, then gently reached out and licked the head of Xiao Ming, and the other party scared to cry even more.

When he got the props, Su Shi began to go to the snow-capped mountains without a stop. With the warm heart love, Su Shi would not be frozen by the cold wind on the snow-capped mountains like other players, but was devastated by the wind and snow. It doesn't feel too good, but I think I can see my lover soon. This little sin is nothing.

The wind and snow on the mountain is too big. Su Shi basically took three steps. Taking a step back, the speed was dragged slowly. Looking up, this snow mountain could not see the top. When will it be possible to climb to the top?

Su Shi sighed and just wanted to summon the black cockroach. As a result, it turned out to be... sleep! ! Now!

Su Shi took a moment to react. Black scorpion is a snake after all. It is normal for it to hibernate on such a cold day.

"Can you remove the property that will hibernate?" Su Shi continued to climb the mountain and asked about the ball.

The ball nodded, but did not wait for Su Shi to be happy, and said: "But you must wait for the **** to wake up before you can modify its attributes."

Su Shi is discouraged, so now he still has to work hard to climb up, but this is also very good. As the saying goes, it is a good thing to grind. He is going to see his lover after all, and it is nothing to experience more hardships.

Su Shi, who is struggling to climb the snow-capped mountains, does not know that Liu Jinjin is now trying to complain with a great god.





 [private chat]

[A piece of brocade]: Flashing brother, are you busy? Wronged.jpg

[A glitz]: No, what happened?

[A piece of brocade]: Nothing, just want to talk to you, if you disturb you, you don't care about me. well-behaved.jpg

[A glitz]: Where are you now? I used to look for you.

[A piece of brocade]: No need to use, I am really fine, the flashy brother does not need this. Happy.jpg

[A glitz]: coordinates.

[A piece of brocade]: ... well, I am now...

A minute later, riding a tall snow wolf [a glitz] appeared in front of a red dress, petite and pleasing [a piece of beautiful embroidery].

A glitz and stumped the mount, the tall figure was facing Liu Jinjin, and the slightly cold voice asked with concern: "What happened? Did you encounter any trouble?"

Liu Jinjin lowered his head slightly and said "nothing" on his mouth, but his face was full of grievances and sadness.

This made a glitz frown. He grabbed Liu Jinjin’s arm and was more concerned about the truth: "What the **** is it? Is it even me to squat?"

"It's really nothing," Liu Jinjin still shook his head, but when he was on the flashy eyes, he immediately burst into tears. She bit his lower lip and whispered. "He screamed and suddenly changed his nickname and pulled me. blacken."

Upon hearing the name, a glitz suddenly raised his brow. He knew that Jin Jin had always been a friend of the water, but he was too flashy but couldn’t hold the man. He only knew how to save money in the game. I don’t know how to use the waste wood, and I have no interest.

Of course, the reason why a glitz is so annoying that there is a hooligan, there is another very important reason for Liu Jinjin.

In fact, although the game nicknames of a flashy and flowing water are similar, the two have hardly dealt with each other. Most of them are listening to Liu Jinjin in front of themselves, and they slowly have an impression.

And how did Liu Jinjin do it?

She said in front of a flowing water that a glitz is very powerful, very proud, so that she is very admired, in order to achieve the purpose of letting a water run aversion to a flashy.

On the other hand, Liu Jinjin deliberately said in front of a flashy glitz that he would not play games, and always glared at himself, buying equipment, buying clothes, and buying props. Even if he refused several times, the other party would not listen. Let Liu Jinjin feel very distressed.

The purpose of Liu Jinjin’s doing this is obvious. Although she’s purpose of hooking up with Liu Feng is only to use this calculation to frame the other party, her current behavior is still enough to get two boats.

When I stepped on two boats, it was easy to overturn the ship. In order to prevent myself from facing the tragic fate of overturning, Liu Jinjin came up with this method.

Both sides said the other party's bad words, let them have a deep dislike of each other, so that two people who have no intersection will have the opportunity to contact, I am afraid that they will never become friends, and it is impossible to involve things on themselves. It is safe to come to her.

According to the development of the original plot, the facts are also true. From the beginning to the end, the original master and a glitz have not dealt with each other. The occasional encounters are also a situation in which they look at each other, but let Liu Jinjin get from it. Further provocation, it is very unpleasant.

As far as the current situation is concerned, although the glitz has not yet dealt with the original owner, it has already had a deep dislike for him. Now the guy is even dare to pull Jinjin directly, which is simply abhorrent.

When the flashy face of the next song is dark, he does not say anything, directly using the horn to brush up the screen in the entire game world, or the kind that each player can only be forced to receive.

[A stream of water, there are kinds of reporting coordinates, come out to die! ! ! ]

[A stream of water, there are kinds of reporting coordinates, come out to die! ! ! ]

[A stream of water, there are kinds of reporting coordinates, come out to die! ! ! ]

......

This screen was brushed dozens of times, which once again triggered a lively discussion of the world channel. This is the second time Su Shi has become a topic in the game.

Seeing that this tall and handsome man in front of him was angry and burning himself, and sent so many forced screens for himself, Liu Jinjin felt that the vanity was greatly satisfied, he felt very ironed, and he was a little worried about whether he would show up. Child, but I thought that this time it was really wrong, she left the worry again.

Su Shi, who was trying to climb the snow mountain at this time, also forced to receive the screen. At the beginning, he did not react: "A glitz? Who is this person?"

The ball carefully reminded from the side: "A glitz is Shaohua, that is, the local tyrant who came to Liu Jinjin in the original plot."

Su Shi suddenly raised his eyebrows: "It turned out to be him."

After that, Su Shi will continue to climb the snow-capped mountains.

"..." and so on, this reaction seems to be not quite right for the host, and it is so forced to brush the screen, shouldn't the host be raised and abused? How will the reaction be so dull?

Then the ball will be understood, what is called a storm hidden under calm.

"The ball, is your black egg still okay?" Su Shi asked as he climbed the mountain.

The ball thought that the host was still angry, and he was very careful: "It is still locked in the dark room now, I plan to punish it again. After all, it was too much."

"You don't have to keep shutting down the dark house, let it do something for me," Su Shi said generously. In fact, his heart is already out of bad idea. "Isn't that glitz is not very arrogant? You let the black egg go Learn from him."

The ball swayed: "Although we are an advanced intelligent system, even if you modify the data in the game, you should not be detected if you are careful, but will it not be good? If you check it out If you do, it may have a big impact on this game."

Su Shi took a round of the ball and said: "I didn't intend to let the black egg directly. Isn't the npc in this game very smart? You can let the black egg find a few NPCs with high attack power and hit him with a sack. Don't you find another one that looks reasonable?"

Hearing this, the ball simply didn't know what to look like, and his family could even think of such a bad idea, and it was so talented!

Although it is still very pure in nature, but with this wicked host for so long, the ball is actually faintly a bit of a bad taste, it immediately eagerly said: "Oh! I will let the black egg do this. Things!"

After handing it over to the black egg, the ball couldn't help but admire: "You are too powerful to host the adult. It is just too smart to think of this method to deal with high-profile players!"

Although the original owner loves to play games, his level of playing games is not high. He can only keep saving money in the game, and can barely keep up with the level of the upper middle, and Su Shi is obviously inferior to the original in this respect. Not only will not play the game, but also do not like to play the game, if you really let him use the game operation to force, it is estimated that the world will become extremely unyielding.

Moreover, Su Shi has always been the kind of temperament that is honest and strong, and there are more convenient and beneficial ways to choose. Su Shi will not pay attention to whether it is cheating.

"There is a prize, but in fact it is you who are right," Su Shi accepted the praise of the ball, and also boasted a few words. "After all, you are my weapon of cheat, if you are not in this game, in this game. I am afraid that even the rookie is not as good."

The silly and sweet ball smiled twice and felt very proud.

For the time being, no matter how the glitz on the other side is being beaten by a few powerful NPCs with a strange reason, the Su Shi here has climbed the snow mountain for a long time. Forced to kick off the line.

The original owner used a holographic helmet. Compared with the holographic cabin that can provide human nutrients, there are still many limitations. For example, when using a holographic helmet, you must choose the appropriate posture, otherwise, when you quit the game, the body It will be very uncomfortable.

For another example, each time you use a holographic helmet, you can't spend more than four hours, otherwise you will be forced to kick out the game. This is also a consideration for the game player's body, but it is too unfriendly.

After being kicked out of the game, Su Shi simply prepared some food, and after a rest, he re-entered the game and continued to climb the snowy mountains.

This climb took a full two days. When Su Shi finally climbed to the top of the snow-capped mountains, the whole person was exhausted. The body of the game was very close to reality, tired, hungry, and thirsty. Or injured, the realism has reached more than 90% of the reality, so he will now feel tired, hungry, thirsty, and cold.

However, Su Shi did not care about the rest, he directly asked the round ball: "Where is my family now?"

The ball replied truthfully: "Because it is the ultimate boss of this game, the data is only hidden. I can only find out that he is nearby now, but where it is, I can't find the result for the time being."

Su Shi did not feel too disappointed with this answer. He was very patient in finding his lover. Anyway, he had climbed to the top of the snow-capped mountains, and the remaining distance was not far away.

Su Shi first took out some of the food in the game, added his physical strength, and then wandered around the top of the snow mountain.

Suddenly, there was a strange wind blowing around, and the wind and snow filled. Su Shi raised her hand and held her eyes subconsciously. When the blast fell, he opened his eyes and saw a white man with black hair and waist standing. In front of yourself.





 It’s so beautiful...

Su Shi fascinated and looked at the indifferent look in front of him, but it was difficult to conceal the white man who was in charge of the wind. He did not seem to notice the thin, flapped cold sword on his neck.

"This son, I don't know who your surname is. Is there any marriage?" Su Shi took the heart with his hands and drooled for communication.

The man frowned slightly and handed the sword forward in his hand, drawing a blood mark on Su Shi’s fragile neck.

The color of the brilliant red just left the skin, and it was frozen by the environment that was frozen in the cold weather. The small blood beads hang there, but the man’s brow wrinkled even more.

Although I don't know who this person is, I don't know why he came here, but I don't want to hurt him. I don't want to see him bleed.

This feeling is very strange, like a thousand years of ice, suddenly a small fire from the coldest and hardest place, even if it is surrounded by ancient ice, it can not be ruined Small clusters of flames.

And this small cluster of flames was brought to him by the person in front of him, and this cluster of flames was not just ignited, but before this.

The name of the sky, when it was first given to him, became a taboo here, and everyone was not qualified to highlight the two words in any form, at least until that day, there was no exception.

But just a few days ago, it was his own breaking of such taboos.

He actually allowed a person to use his name in his own name. What is even more bizarre is that he not only did not feel angry because of this, but inexplicably had a hidden sense of satisfaction.

The feeling is like that, he and another person's flesh and blood are merged together, so that his long-sealed heart suddenly and uncontrollably trembles, it is difficult to suppress.

This feeling is too strange, but unexpectedly not annoying, he even gave birth to this impulse to turn into reality.

But it was just a little impulse. He couldn't really do it because he knew that he was not in the same world as everything here.

However, at this time, this person actually found it.

The pale eyes fell on Su Shi's slender neck, and the bright red color was particularly dazzling. He subconsciously took the sword a little further, and his eyes moved to Su Shi's face. The cold and ice-like sound spit out three words. :"who are you?"

Su Shi completely ignored the scars on his neck, and after the appearance of the scars, he began to stop bleeding, and smiled: "My name is Liu Feng, I am 19 years old, I have never given a girlfriend before, and I will not I am going to make a girlfriend because I only have one boyfriend."

The ball is on the side of the side, showing the expression that can't bear to look straight. The reality of the present host is too different for him. But why does it feel inexplicable that you want to attack an iceberg? Is this the correct way?

The sky looked at Su Shi condensedly. After a while, he said: "You don't call Liu Feng, I know what you call."

Su Shi’s heart jumped slightly, and looked at the sky with some expectation: “What is my name?”

The sky is right: "Your name is Su fried."

"..." Su Shi reached out and wiped her face. I felt that I would just look forward to it. It was a silly X. "You are right, but this is just my game nickname. My name in reality is Liu. maple."

The high-cold boss once again frowned: "Reality? Where is that?"

"Reality, that is, where you should stay after leaving the game," Su Shi said deliberately vaguely. "Usually we have another independent identity there, there are also various industries, and everyone is doing what they should do. It’s about the same here.”

Although Cangwu is only one of the ultimate bosses in this game, Su Shi always tries to get him into the real world. Now he should instill a little of this kind of thinking, and it will make him more acceptable in the future. world.

The sky does not understand the so-called real world, but he subconsciously feels that this person should not deceive him. This kind of perception is just like the kind of incitement of the previous heart. It is unclear, but it is not annoying.

Su Shi saw that the sky did not refute, or raised any questions, and did not continue this topic, but smiled and said: "Boss adults, have you been staying on this snowy mountain?"

"Yeah." The scorpion should have a voice, and the sword was taken back by the trend. The thin ice-sword, which was as thin as a flap, instantly turned into a white light and disappeared without a trace.

"Then you stay alone here, don't you feel lonely? No one will come to you, or accompany you?" It is said that the ultimate boss in this game is a cold face, cold heart, completely ruthless. People, but Su Shi thinks that since this is his own lover, he will not really be cold-hearted.

The frown frowned and thought, "What is loneliness?"

Even if you are lonely, you don’t know, lover doesn’t really lose the skills to fall in love, right? Su said with his eyes: "Lonely is when someone is waiting, they will think about other people, other things, and they will hope that someone can accompany themselves, such as me."

Before the sky, I never really thought about who I want to be with myself. I don’t think there is anything wrong with staying here. After all, he is totally different from those in the mountains, but when Su Shi spits out the last three words. He also felt that if it was a person who looked very pleasing in front of him, this kind of thing did not seem so unacceptable.

But the sky is a reserved person. He does not say this directly, but implicitly: "Maybe."

It’s just that this is too subtle. Su Shi didn’t quite grasp the point. He could only change the way: “Do you still want to continue to stay here alone? I came from the mountain, if you are interested If you can, I can take you down the mountain and see the excitement of the mountain."

Although it was not long before I met, I simply exchanged a few words, but the possessiveness of the sky has been hooked up: "If there are many people under the mountain, would you look at them?"

Su Shi took a moment to react, and suddenly he laughed: "These people are of course not important to you, and you are different from them."

The look of the sky is slightly tight because of this sentence: "Where is it different?"

He knows that he is different. He also knows that those people have never had any kindness to him, but he does not want this person to be like this.

Su Shitou thought for a moment and replied earnestly: "You look better than them, and they are better than them, and I just want to be friends with you, just want to be with you."

These words made the cluster of small flames in the heart of the sky soaring for a moment, although the outside was still wrapped in endless ice, but because of this, the warmth was even more precious, and he was very upset.

The sky is never afraid of the outside world. Although those who know the mountain are all his enemies, they all think about how to take his life, but he is never afraid that those talents have never gone down. He just feels that he will not go down the mountain. It doesn't make any difference to him, so why bother?

But now, the situation is obviously subtly different. In front of him, this person is not malicious to him, and even wants to take him down the mountain. Should he refuse?

"Good." The sky only thought for a second and gave the answer.

I have been here for too long. It may be a good choice to go down the mountain. Of course, he will never say that this is a good thing because of the existence of this person.

With this answer, Su Shi immediately smiled: "When do we leave? It took me several days to climb up. It is estimated that it will be very difficult when going down the mountain."

"No effort, I can take you down the mountain." The sky was very calm and docile.

"Do you want to fly with me?" Su Shi is a joke.

The sky was nodded very seriously: "Yes, fly down."

After that, he re-sumed his own ice sword, and the index finger and the **** circled together, and the ice sword instantly became a lot bigger and floated in front of the two.

Su Shi blinked, but before he could react, he was taken by the sky and brought directly to the flying sword. The ice sword with a cool expression was quickly flew down the mountain under the control of the master.

The sky is wide-sleeve guarded in Su Shi's body, so that he does not have to be hurt by this infinite snow and ice, a black and white tightly attached together, looks very harmonious.

For a moment, Su Shi even had the illusion of returning to the world that was with Ling Tian before, and could not help but feel that although the lover of this world looks very cold and inaccessible, but between the two The relationship is still progressing very quickly.

Su Shi, who thought so, suddenly felt that something was wrong with her, but she looked around and didn't find out where this was wrong. She was about to give up, and she listened to the ball with a weak voice reminding: "Host adult, you I have been bleeding since now, and now the blood is almost gone."

"..." Su Shi thought of it to see his blood, and saw the bloodline that was originally full. Now there is only one-fifth left. It is no wonder that he just feels wrong and is dizzy. .

It was just a small wound, but it began to continue to drop blood. I have to say that the sword of the lover is so good, but it is better if he is not scratching himself.

With such a outing, Su Shi has regained his deep experience in the game. He licked the sleeves of the sky and was weak and powerful: "Boss adults, the wounds in my neck seem to be still bleeding, you have Any way?"

Although it’s dead in the game, it’s no big deal, but it’s really pretty.

The words stopped, and the sky stopped immediately. He lifted his cool fingertips and touched the tiny wound on Su's neck. Then he frowned and said, "I am not good."

Su Shi did not carelessly waved his hand: "This does not blame you."

The sky did not speak any more, but under the gaze of Su Shi’s dizziness, he slowly kissed him up.





 Su Shi’s eyes widened in an instant. Some people couldn’t believe what they saw. Was it because he had lost too much blood, which led him to start to have hallucinations?

If it was really an illusion, then it would be even more horrible, because the sky not only kissed his neck, but also sticked his tongue out of the wound on his neck.

My goodness!

This progress is too fast, right? !

In the gap between Su Shi and the **** of the gods, the thin lips with the coolness of the sky have been removed. He looked at Su Shi with deep gaze, and solemnly said: "Only my saliva can treat the wound caused by the ice sword. ""

Su Shi suddenly woke up, but at that moment, the thoughts that he had in his mind turned out to be, so trouble you to make a few more holes in my body.

However, if there is no such exercise, Su Shi obviously will not say anything. He just looked at the sky and thanked him very much. "Thank you for helping me to heal, but I haven’t raised my bloodline yet. I feel that my head is dizzy. You can hold it. Let me see you?"

"I hurt you." As the sky said, he had already reached out and hugged Su Shi.

But his posture is not a pink princess hug, but a direct hand on Su Shi's shoulder, holding Su Shi's **** in one hand, looks like an adult with his arm to hold the child's ass.

Su Shi didn't mind. After twisting his buttocks and looking for a comfortable posture, he naturally circled his neck with one hand and fell on the back of the hand.

The sky obviously didn't feel that there was anything wrong with this posture. It was just an arm that had no special feeling before. Now suddenly it is inexplicably hot, slightly strange.

After going down the mountain, the two naturally came to the ice and snow town. The setting of the ice and snow town is a small western town. Whether it is a building or a NPC setting, it is completely Western-style, and the ultimate boss is the vastest boss. It seems very out of place here.

"Who are these people?" Cang asked with a frown.

"These..." Su Shi couldn't directly say that these are NPCs without thinking. Strictly speaking, the sky itself is the NPC. "They are residents living in this town, in addition to this town. There are many similar places, but the styles of different places are different. Most of them are Dongfang towns. Western towns like this are rare."

Since the whole continent is called the East Magical Continent, it is obvious that the main style is the oriental style. At least so far, everyone thinks so, so no one has ever thought about why the easternmost part of the East Magic continent will have Such a completely western style town.

If the smart system is not a ball far higher than this game, can view all of its data, perhaps Su Shi can not think of this problem.

On the easternmost side of the East Fantasy continent, there is a pure western-style town, and behind this pair of towns is a snow-capped mountain that has been frozen for a long time. On the other side of the snow-capped mountains, it is a completely different world.

It is said that the place is called the West Fantasy.

Then the question is coming, why is the West Fantasy continent going to the east of the East Fantasy continent?

Since the continent is named after the orientation, it is obvious that the East Magic continent is located to the east, while the West Magic continent is located to the west, but in this game, it is completely reversed.

The answer is very simple, but it is also very unexpected. It turns out that the eastern continent and the western fantasy continent are projected from a huge mirror, and the left and right are reversed, so that the opposite direction will occur.

There is also a western fantasy continent on the east side of the East Coast continent, and there is actually another world hidden outside the two continents. It is true and false, and it is true and false, which constitutes the true face of this game.

I have to say that this design is very unique and full of shock, but according to the development of the original story, in the following decades, there is no player to discover the existence of the Western Magical Continent, let alone the hugeness of the two continents. Secret.

In this case, do you want to move this kind of thing directly out to satisfy the bad taste?

If you think about it, forget it, because the key to separating the East and the West is the snow mountain that they just got down, and the sky is the key to that snowy mountain.

According to the true setting of this game, the sky itself is the only real existence in this whole illusion. There are also many huge secrets hidden in his body. If you really move these things out, I am afraid I can't fall in love.

At this time, the two men have already reached the exit of the ice-snow town. When the sky sees Su Shi’s look of distraction, he can’t help but ask: “What are you thinking?”

Su Shi immediately woke up and smiled very naturally and said, "I miss you."

The sky suddenly did not know how to pick up this sentence, but had to look away, but the heart of the fire seedlings suddenly burned more vigorously.

Although the sky has been staying at the top of the snow-capped mountains, but it is not completely ignorant of everything outside, he also has a unique way of understanding the outside world, but as time goes by, he has disdain to understand everything outside through those ways.

After all, those people, this is not worth his waste.

And because the situation he knows is all the dynamics of the players, so he really does not understand the situation of these self-conscious NPCs.

After leaving the ice and snow town, the two went on the ice sword and rushed to the main city.

The reason why Su Shi went straight to the main city with the sky is because it is the most lively and the most suitable for the sky to fully understand the world in the game.

The main city looks like a blue-and-white tile from the periphery. The four gates are all open during the day. The NPCs that guard the gates are strictly guarded in the gates of the city. Only the certificate of entering the city can enter.

There were a lot of certificates for entering the city in the original master's parcel. Su Shi just pinched out two pieces and prepared to take the sky together into the city. Then he saw that he had just stood up straight, and the defending city guards who were just right and wrong were suddenly squatting, but they did not speak, but respected. There is a plus.

Su Shi had a moment of arrogance, but even after reacting, watching the lover of love from the home in this game is really a storm, over ten thousand people.

When Cangwu saw the actions of these people, there was no such thing as a strange feeling, or it should be said that he did not notice the actions of these people, so he took Su Shi’s hand and walked into the main city together.

As for why the two are holding hands, the two have been in this state since leaving the ice and snow town.

Su Shi was obviously deliberate, but Cangwu did not realize that something was wrong, and he felt that holding the other hand's hand was very comfortable, and then continued this state.

Into the main city, Su Shi first flaunted him to the luxury house he bought. The place was originally bought by the original owner to please Liu Jinjin, but now he is owned by Su Shi.

It is surrounded by mountains and waters, beautiful scenery, and there is an unbeaten peach forest around the house. It looks very pleasing to the eye.

The house is also suitable for the environment, all over the rockery, pavilions, canals, flowers in the garden, beautiful, the interior layout is gorgeous and comfortable, but not cumbersome.

Since it is a good place, it can't be wasted. Su Shi directly let the ball rearrange the house according to his own preferences, and prepare to move in and live with the sky.

Before the sky, I stayed at the top of the snowy mountain. I didn’t need to eat and sleep. I didn’t need a house. So I didn’t notice the good after seeing this house. I just thought that I could stay here with this person in the future. It is also good to think about it.

Then the sky nodded and then instinctively added: "Only you and me, no one else."

If I didn’t understand anything, I began to play my own possessiveness. Su Shi’s heart was beautiful and smiled and promised: “Okay, there are only two of us, no one else.”

After that, Su Shi took the sky and turned around in the house. When she wanted to go to the street, she was forced to play the screen again.

[Stupid X is a torrent of water, since it appears, hurry up and die! ]

[Stupid X is a torrent of water, since it appears, hurry up and die! ]

[Stupid X is a torrent of water, since it appears, hurry up and die! ]

The release of the screen is not a glitz, but the gang of the gang is ruthless, but even if the screen is not a glitz, it is obviously not inseparable from him.

This is obviously someone who first saw Su Shi and then smashed things. Su Shi did not want to take care of this group of stupid Xs, but looked at the sky and immediately changed his mind.

Although there is a wonderful place to be alone, but your own lover is so cool, wouldn't it be a waste if you don't let those stupid humans see it?

Su Shi slyly asked: "Boss adults, do you like to watch the fun?"

Looking at Su Shi’s expression, the sky is inexplicably soft: “Are you with you?”

"Yeah, of course it is with me." Su Shi nodded.

The big hand of the sky smashed on Susong’s head and nodded with it: "Okay."

So Su Shi planned to go to see the fun with the sky. He rarely opened the world channel and made a speech in a lively channel.

[World Channel]

Su fried Cangwu: Hehe.

After the whole world channel was quiet for two seconds, it suddenly exploded.

I have a little secret: I am, the **** is finally real!

I am a bug: the real bug has appeared, and his nickname actually has **, which is incredible!

Why worry about it: Ma Ma, I don't know why I am playing games!

Xiaojiabiyu: Sister Xiu Xiu, I actually saw the great god, I am a little excited now.

Everyone is beautiful: Jasper sister, I am very excited now.

I love the local tyrants who love me: God looks at me, see me see me! I look like a boyfriend like you in the future? !

Hehehehe show you: shameless upstairs, then... God, are you still missing leg pendants? Under this, you will play the kind of boss!

......

In this screaming cry, Su Shi made another sentence.

Su bombing the sky: coordinates XX, YY, do not fear to die.





 As soon as this was said, the entire world channel suddenly became a storm.

I have a little secret: I am embarrassed, the **** is good! Please accept my four knees! Wrong, please accept my two knees, two elbows!

I don't know what to call: I took the opportunity to take a group photo and always thought it would be a precious picture.

Yushu Linfeng: The coordinates are all there. What are you waiting for? Hurry up!

Blowing and blowing the bull: I am already on the road, but I am still struggling with a question. Is it purely onlookers, or is it a bunch of great gods? You know, [Floating Dream] The gang is really disgusting.

Why worry about it: Know +1, I also want to help the gods hurt the water dog, but I am afraid that I will drag my legs.

Xiaojiabiyu: I know +2, hey, Yan Xiu sister, our team seems to be chaotic.

Everyone is good: know +3, chaos is messed up, for everyone's formation, it is nothing to sacrifice the team shape for the time being.

Yushu Linfeng: Know +4, for the first time, I think the two demons on the upstairs are also very cute. Are you interested in making friends?

Hehehehe to show you: know +5, really, I see [Floating Dream] is not pleasing to the eye for a long time, but who makes people the first big gang in the East China continent, we can’t beat it, but we can’t ...... Hey, do you say that this great **** can really kill those guys who are deceptive?

A small goldfish: know +6, can, can, can, this time I stand great!

......

As I said, the people of [Floating Dreams] have seen the information coming to the world channel.

Flashy ~ Musou: Just heard a group of shit, still thinking about what happened, it is here is a ghost!

Flashy ~ shadow: have the ability pk, no ability to shut up Xiaoye!

Flashing ~ Past: I can not only hear shit, but also smell an unpleasant stench, it turned out that this group of people is the most stinking, so smoked people want to vomit!

Flashing ~ flourishing: This time should be directly hands-on, and what is the point of this garbage, these people are disgusting.

......

[Floating Dreams] As the largest gang in the East China Continental, there are thousands of gangs, and even if one person spits, they can drown the world channel.

This situation is not the first time. At the beginning, there are people who are not convinced. The result is not only being smothered, but also being chased by the people of [Flamboyant Dream], and finally forced to have to Exit the game.

After that, there were several people who were confronted with [Floating Dreams] and were tragic. After that, there was such a thing, and everyone learned to dive silently.

You are jealous of you, I can't fight you, can't you hide?

However, today's situation is obviously different. Since Su Shi was fired on the World Channel a few days ago, it has been regarded as a great god by countless people. Although it is only a game nickname, they always have this kind of person who must have opened the plug-in, or The default of the game company.

Under this circumstance, when the helper of [Flamboyant Dream] smashed the flamboyant screen to fight the unspeakable god, they all tried their best to see what the big **** really looked like. And whether he is a flashy opponent.

However, the result was disappointing. The great **** did not even return to the mouth, nor did he have a beautiful scene in which the imaginary **** had beaten a glitz.

Although they also know that this thing can not blame the gods, after all, they are also in such a silent attitude when facing the "floating dreams", but the loss of the heart can not hide.

They will not blame the gods for this matter, but the feeling that it is rare to raise a little hope after being suppressed for too long, but quickly turned into disappointment, is really a bit uncomfortable.

Sure enough, in this game, is it really a saying of [Floating Dreams]?

After a few days of silence, everyone has rarely mentioned the Great God, because they do not dare to report any hope, but just now! Just now! ! !

The Great God responded!

He even bravely and incomparably accepted the "floating dreams" deputy lord's battle, the reaction, the attitude, simply Su bombardment, there is wood!

Although the war has not really opened, they have already seen the dawn of victory.

Although the Great God may not know who they are, and they don’t know what their actions will trigger, but the Great God is almost the belief in their game.

So when this [Flamboyant Dream] again took turns to brush the screen, their attitude is no longer silent diving, hiding their heads like an ostrich, they have to start fighting back!

A chestnut: Hey, the dog of [Flamboyant Dream] ran out again. It was not enough to scream on his own site. Is it still going to pollute public places?

Xiaojiabiyu: Sister Xiu Xiu, have you just smelled a stench that suddenly floated over? Really bad smell.

Everyone is good: Sister Jasper, I also smell it, it is really very unpleasant, I don’t know how these people’s mouths are so stinky, don’t they usually brush their teeth?

Yushu Linfeng: I think it is very possible. Didn't they often use their strong smell in their mouths to smoke their opponents? I have to say that this trick is really easy to use, but we can't learn from others.

I have a little secret: secretly tell you, I have a little secret, today this group of bad guys will be solved by the great god!

Why solve problems: Why solve problems? Only the dogs that have squandered [Floating Dreams]~

I am a bug: Great God! We all support you!

I love local tyrants and love me: God is cheering! It doesn't matter if you lose, we will always support you!

......

Su Shi smiled and swept the chat record of the World Channel and smiled and sent a sentence.

Su bombing the sky: rest assured, will not lose, because I have a tool for cheating.

This time, the world channel has exploded. Although many of the gangsters of [Flamboyant Dreams] have been assembled in the world channel, and all their combat powers are levers, the strength of the masses cannot be underestimated, especially in watching. After this speech by Su Shi, they are more like playing chicken blood, and the combat power has increased several times.

"What are you looking at?" The sky was somewhat dissatisfied. Su Shi had been looking at the panel in front of him, but he ignored him and couldn't help but take the initiative to open his mouth.

Although his tone was cold and there seemed to be no temperature, Su Shi caught a little grievance from his words. He reached out and squeezed his hand and smiled. "Nothing, just thinking about it will ravage a group later. Slag, a little happy. Right, I have tried what you tried before, have you tried it?"

When it comes to this matter, the sky seems to be somewhat unhappy: "Those are just awkward, they don't have their own thinking, they are not the same as me."

After seeing the reaction of the guards of the gatekeepers, Su Shi had already guessed that the position of the sky in the entire eastern continent was definitely unusual. He asked the other party to find a few NPCs to try. The result was naturally good. But it also seems to have misunderstood what the sky has.

Before the sky, I obviously learned the speeches of those people in my own way. He clearly remembers those people who also called him "NPCboss," and Su Shi said that the empty shells that have no independent thinking are also NPCs. Is it In his heart, are they the same as those empty shells?

Su Shi instantly grasped the unhappy point of the sky, and quickly scraped the soft voice to comfort the lover: "You are of course different from them. For me, you and everyone are different, you are unique. They can't match you."

"Really?" The sky looked at Su Shi quite uncertainly.

Su Shi nodded again and again: "Of course, in my heart, no one can match you."

The sky was happy at once, although the face did not show up, but the fire in the heart was burning more and more vigorous, and his heart was softened: "I will help you to abuse the slag."

Su Shi couldn't help but open his mouth wide from the mouth of such a tall sky. "You are so cute."

"Love is also boasting me?" Cangwu bowed his head and looked at Su Shi seriously.

Su Shi smiled and nodded: "Of course, because you are so cute, I like you more."

The heart of the sky is so beautiful that it is more and more authentic: "I will be more lovely."

This time Su Shi really smiled and couldn't see his eyes.

[Floating Dreams] After all, it is the first gang of the East Fantasy continent, and its mobility is also very strong. Some of the gangs with low combat power in the gang are still in the world channel, and some of them have higher combat power. The crowd has gathered and rushed over to the coordinates issued by Su Shi.

The glitz and ruthlessness of the glitz and ruthlessness of the "Floating Dreams" is naturally among them, and Liu Jinjin, who has become a "floating dream" to help the public, naturally came.

Su Shi saw a group of black people in the distance or riding horses, or running, or flying to the side. He was not in a hurry. He sat on the stone bridge leisurely with the sky, and it looked like he was watching. landscape.

When a group of people came to the front, Su Shi jumped from the stone bridge and patted his butt.

The sky has been standing by Su Shi. At this time, even if there is already a noisy piece around him, his eyes have not left Su Shi’s body, just as those around him simply do not exist.

The crowd surrounded Su Shi and two people. At this time, a flashy, ruthless, and Liu Jinjin finally came out of the crowd and stood in front of Su Shi.

Liu Jinjin bit his lip and looked at Su Shi, as if he had been wronged by the grievances. However, she just spit out two words. Before she could show her superb white lotus skills, she was stopped by Su Shi’s gesture of being stopped.

"Don't talk busy, I want to find a few people," Su Shi said as he watched the chat. "I love local tyrants, love me, I am a bug, why I am worried, Xiaojiabiyu, everyone is good, Yushu is in the wind, I have a little secret, a chestnut... Where are you? Didn't you say that you want to support me? Come over."

"..." Almost everyone has the feeling that they don't know what to look like.





 Liu Jinjin should be regarded as the one who knows the most expression in the middle. Liu Feng’s reason is that he should fight, shouldn’t it be for her? He is now looking for what these unrelated people are doing?

About a few seconds later, on the outskirts of the crowd, someone shouted: "Great God! I am everyone, I am here, I can't squeeze in!"

"..." If you have not misunderstood, this voice seems to be a true man?

Another man's voice passed over a long distance: "The Great God! I am Xiaojiabiyu, I am with Yuxiu, I am trying to squeeze it!"

"..." It is no wonder that Yushu Linfeng has always said that these two people are shemale. It seems that they are really, and they associate their tone in the world channel chat. Rao is a well-informed person who has seen the big and the big, Su Shi, and also forbearance. Can't help but jump.

Although the rest of the people did not react as strongly as the two, but they also gave responses, they all came, but now they are trapped outside the crowd, and they can't get in.

Su Shi turned to look at the glitz that was already speechless and intolerant. He said: "A discussion, can you let your people put my friends in first? Otherwise, you have so many people, even playing I won two of us, and it seems to be very good."

The virtue of [Floating Dreams] is there, with more wins and less, even more than one is a common thing, naturally there will be no wins, but I think that these guys were actually in the world channel and The gang’s gang fights, and a glitz of the flamboyant raises his hand and puts all the people in.

The crowd spontaneously separated a passage, and when these people passed, they immediately closed up.

After a few minutes, everyone appeared in front of Su Shi, who had different occupations, some dressed in white, holding a sword, and a heroic look; some were dressed and looked very like a beggar, very邋遢; There is also a long pink dress, eyebrows like water, eye-catching teasing; of course, there are also hunter costumes similar to Su Shi, a black, clever.

Su Shi’s eyes swept over these people and smiled: “Ready to watch the fun?”

[Hehehehe shows you] Quickly said: "Great God, we really don't come to see the fun, although we are very good at food, but it is also a life?"

Others have echoed, and everyone is very embarrassed: "Great God, even if you want to die, let's die together."

When he had finished speaking, he felt that the back was cold, like being stared at by something terrible. [Everyone is a good show] He was stunned and looked up. At this time, he noticed the person standing next to the Great God.

This man is dressed in a white coat, with a smattering of ink and a delicate face, but reveals a strong sense of indifference. It is clearly a person with a strong sense of existence. Why did he just not notice his existence?

Several other people have also noticed the existence of the sky. For a time, some people are not allowed to be the identity of this person. After all, this piece of clothes on his body is also white, but it is very different from the swordsman. It is obviously not the same occupation.

According to their understanding, it seems that the game has not yet produced such a very elegant clothes, the ink color jade on his waist, the silver hair band on the head, are also completely unseen style.

For a time, everyone's eyes could not help but fall on the fact that they had not been noticed by themselves, but now they have attracted all their attention.

When no one noticed the sky before, Su Shi was a little strange. Why did these people not notice the lover of such a genius? Now these people, including a flashy glimpse, have all looked over, and he is a little unhappy.

How can someone else swear by their own lover?

Su Shi stood in front of the sky. Although he could not stop the face of the person behind him because of his height, he at least showed his attitude: "Okay, everyone is here, you can start."

At this time, Su Shi did not know. In fact, there is another skill in the sky called [hidden]. "Hidden" refers to the natural hiding of his body shape and atmosphere, so that others can not detect their existence; and "now" is also Let yourself be the focus of attention and attract everyone's attention.

The sky did not show up at the beginning, and the natural use of the former, but then see so many people are watching him, the sky is a bit unhappy, then the skills are used in reverse.

But in fact, even if he does not use skills, with his current high configuration, and his powerful gas field, it will definitely become a high-profile existence, but now it is just strengthening this situation.

There was a glitz and waved over there, and his deputy fell ruthlessly and hurriedly came forward: "A stream of water, are you ready to die?"

"Wait, if you are looking for a flowing water, are you looking for the wrong person? You look at my current game nickname, I have already changed it." Su Shi blinked and nicknamed his game. Tune it out and zoom in many times to push it into the air and present it in front of everyone.

[Su-Feng Cangwu] The four-character piece of gold, almost to flash the eyes of everyone.

The water was ruthlessly stunned, but there was no way to refute them. They really didn't deliberately call this guy's old nickname. It was really his new game nickname that couldn't be called out.

If you were very aggressive when you were fighting, it would become "Su Fry [哔——] [哔——]" after spitting out, not to mention the imposing manner, so it is estimated that others will be alive and laughing.

They also tried to find someone before, to see if they could change a game nickname, and let the game nickname contain these two words, but the results all failed without exception, even if the two words are separated, or special Symbols can't solve the problem.

Of course, after the failure of the attempt, they did not forget to go to the group to report, but the results were no exception. All of them, the game nicknamed everything is normal, not caused by game bugs, nor game bugs.

Your sister is not a game bug!

If it is not a bug, why is it that only one person can call this nickname, why can't everyone even say it? This is not scientific at all!

However, the explanation given by the game is like this, even if they resist again, why not!

And the only thing they can do now is to kill this game bug, once, twice, three times... it is best to kill him 10,000 times!

At the moment, it is the best opportunity, so after being blocked, the water is ruthlessly biting the teeth directly: "What is the matter of the mouth? There is a kind of hand to fight one, to see who's fist is harder!"

Su Shi suddenly revealed the color of ignorance, and despised the earthly: "It turns out that the people of your gang have troubled me several times, just to bully others with their fists. Are you always like this? See who is bullying, and a group of people are swarming. On, hit the other party? Hey, why don’t you change the gang name to a rogue gang?”

It’s no secret that the gangsters’ bullying is too small, but it’s common for the gang to do this kind of thing, and squatting on the first gang is doing what you want.

As a deputy lord, the ruthless nature of nature can not be completely ignorant of this kind of thing, but it is usually closed with one eye and never blocked.

But knowing it is one thing, being pointed out in person is another matter, especially now that there are so many people around, the other party is still so straightforward, and the face of the ruthless water suddenly can’t be hanged: “Short It’s because you should fight! It’s not an excuse to kill!”

Upon hearing this, Su Shi was still not angry. The sky began to take cold air. Su Shi hadn’t played enough yet. He quickly grabbed the hand of the sky and smiled at him with a smile, so that he would not be angry.

I don't know how, the moment before, the heart is still raging, and the next moment will be restored to a calm, he put away the cold, pinched in Su Shi's palm.

Seeing that the sky is no longer angry, Su Shi can safely revisit the ruthlessness of the water: "Don't rush to swear and expose your own nature. Since I said that I should fight, you should first talk about why you think I should fight." ”

The ruthlessness of falling into the water is not because there is any weakness in this statement. Instead, it is more and more arrogant to blame: "You have already known the things that bully the splendor! People like you should be alive and dead!"

This is a pun, it is likely to imply the real world, it is too vicious.

Su Shi’s eyes were dark and his mood was a bit bad: “Jinxiu? Are you talking about a piece of paper?”

Su Shi’s gaze swept past Liu Jinjin, and the voice was not light and heavy: “A piece of paper, you can tell me how I bullied you?”

Liu Jinjin told himself that he finally had the opportunity to appear. He immediately bit his lower lip and flashed a pair of big eyes and walked forward two steps. He looked at Su Shi with grievances, but with a few apologies: "Rogue, I didn't mean to tell you the flamboyant brother that you pulled me black. I didn't expect him to be so angry after learning about it. I really am not..."

Su Shi looked at Liu Jinjin's appearance and felt sick. He directly raised his hand and interrupted his unfinished words: "You mean to blacken you. I originally wanted to give each other some feelings, but since You are so ruthless, then you can't blame me for being unjust."

Falling into the water, ruthless, only Su Shi, this is nothing to say, just so fooling people, sneer a sigh: "Then you said that why did you blacken the embroidery? Where did she offend you, can you talk about it? ”

"Okay," Su Shi smiled and turned to look at Liu Jinjin. "But I have to ask you again, are you sure that I want to tell something?"

Su Shi was calm and waveless, even with a faint smile, Liu Jinjin suddenly felt awkward, and there was an ominous premonition, but what did Liu Feng know?

No...Impossible, he certainly can’t know his identity? After all, they have never seen each other in reality, and they have hidden very well in the game, so it is absolutely impossible to have problems.

Just when Liu Jinjin was confused about this, he listened to Su Shi and smiled and said: "Liu Jinjin, do you really think about it?"





 A simple sentence, but Liu Jinjin's expression suddenly changed dramatically, she looked at Su Shi with her eyes wide open, and for a time it seemed to be completely unrequited.

How does Liu Feng know his name? !

How much does he know about himself besides his name? Where did these understandings come from?

Although in reality, Liu Jinjin noticed the existence of Liu Feng early this morning and had long been concerned about him, but she never appeared in front of Liu Feng, never before.

So even if Liu Feng just said her name, it is enough to make Liu Jinjin feel scared. In the subconscious, Liu Jinjin feels that Liu Feng’s sudden call out of his name at this time is definitely a deeper purpose. Although I can't find out where my omissions are, I can't think of how the other party knows this information, but Liu Jinjin is still scared by this sentence.

Originally, it was Liu Jinjin, who looked like a white lotus. At this time, she was shocked. As if she was threatened, she swallowed and said: "Rogue, I really didn't mean it. I always kept it in my heart. If you are a good friend, if you don't want to be friends with me, it doesn't matter. I really won't blame you."

This sounds like a concession, but I am afraid that anyone who listens will think that Liu Jinjin is the innocent party, and Liu Feng is the cold-blooded, bully and weak.

White Lotus's tricks are often the same, but it is very effective. After all, many people have the sympathy of the weak, and many men have a natural desire to protect the opposite sex. Once the other person has a pitiful appearance, it seems to have suffered harm. Many people will put her on the side of being bullied without asking why.

If Su Shi does not have enough evidence on hand, he will now be disgusted by Liu Jinjin's appearance, but when you get enough evidence and enough solid evidence, the white lotus picture is very ridiculous.

Because people often have another kind of psychology, how much you have sympathized with her, how much disgusting she will be when she knows her true face, and even become so angry that she is betrayed and exploited herself.

Therefore, Su Shi did not rush to hold the evidence on his hand, but stared at Liu Jinjin with great interest, and wanted to see what kind of moth can be made by this person.

Liu Jinjin did not let him down. Now, after saying this seemingly weak but implied meaning, he immediately turned his head and looked at the glitz: "Floating brother, I really shouldn’t complain to you before." I have done something wrong. Can you not be embarrassed now?"

People have already brought here, and the surrounding area has been encircled. This person can still say such words, either without a brain, or if they are false, or they are afraid, but absolutely every one is related to the soft heart.

This point is estimated that people with eyes can see her heart, but some people, even with eyes, some aspects of judgment is no different from the scorpion.

After hearing these words, a flash of flamboyant looked at Liu Jinjin with a distressed gaze, and he was very uncomfortable: "Jinxiu, you are too easy to be soft, such a person should kill him several times, it is best to take him. Directly white, in order to make him long remember!"

Falling into the water is ruthless and joins in the side: "Yes, blind, such a person, is not worthy of your sympathy, you look at his look, even if you really let him go, maybe he still hates you." ”

Upon hearing the name "Xunzi", Liu Jinjin immediately sneaked into a flashy glimpse. Seeing that he did not speak out or stop it, his heart suddenly became beautiful, and the fear just dissipated a lot, but his face was still difficult: " But he is after all..."

Liu Jinjin was scared by Su Shi’s title for a time. After thinking about it, he still couldn’t think of how the other person knew his name, but what if he knew his name?

The two had never touched before. Some of Liu Jinjin’s thoughts have never been told to others. In this case, Liu Feng knows that he is his half-sister, and he can’t prove anything. She doesn't need to worry at all.

A piece of glitz and a bit of hateful iron looked at Liu Jinjin "Jinxiu, I know that you have made him a friend, but he never thought so in his heart, otherwise he would not make such a disgusting thing to directly blacken you. So, what else is he worthy of your sympathy?"

Liu Jinjin was still awkward and hesitant, but he did not continue to pretend to be pitiful, or to say something weak on the surface.

Over there, Su Shi saw a few people's conversations come to an end, and then re-throw the original question: "So you have already thought about it, let me speak the words directly?"

Waiting for Liu Jinjin to open up, the water has been ruthless and has been acting as a pawn. He is angry and said: "A stream of water, don't say this threat, we are there, we can't let you bully her! If you are a man, come and fight What is the skill of bullying a weak woman?"

Su Shi’s gaze swept in a glimpse of glitz and falling water, like a smile: “So you feel that you have already seen the facts and think that Liu Jinjin is innocent. Have you decided to stand with Liu Jinjin? ”

"The splendid embroidery is innocent." A glitz of fragility frowned slightly, and the person in front of him knew the name in the splendid reality, but he did not know that it was a little unhappy.

In fact, Liu Jinjin, I deliberately did not tell a real name of Fuhua, she just felt that since she had to implement such a plan, she should be cautious and must not have any accidents.

So in the game, Liu Jinjin did not tell anyone his own real name, and Su Shi naturally did not know this from her mouth.

"You two are already adults. You can be responsible for what you said. I hope that you will be able to stand by Liu Jinjin and do her flower ambassadors later," Su Shi said. The two stupid smirk, then turned to look at Liu Jinjin, "I hope you will not regret what you did before."

At this time, Liu Jinjin probably already guessed that Liu Feng should already know his true identity and know the relationship between the two. Although the identity of the illegitimate woman is really not good, she has not made any move to hurt the other party. Therefore, even if Liu Feng wants to blame her, she can't find other reasons.

Being an illegitimate woman is not what she thinks. She is also very uncomfortable in her heart. Maybe she can take some sympathy with this.

Thinking so, Liu Jinjin’s heart is more and more determined about the outcome of this incident. She frowned slightly and looked at Su Shi: “Rogue, I really treat you as a friend, and I really don’t want to make trouble with you. The point of the matter, I can not blame you for these things, you should not involve them both, this is really bad."

"Liu Jinjin, can you pay attention to the voucher, is it that I brought them in?" Su Shi raised his eyebrows and turned his eyes on the three people. "Since you said this, now I will give They have two chances. This is a private matter between me and you. You should let them quit now, don't worry, how about?"

Of course, Liu Jinjin is unlikely to let these two people really leave, but what she said is what she said. If she refuses at this time, it is tantamount to self-satisfaction. At this time, Liu Jinjin can only show a humiliating and burdensome look at two people: "Floating brother, falling into the water, you still don't care about me, I am really fine."

This is the case. On the surface, it seems to be considered for others. In fact, it is all calculations. It is obvious that the two individuals are not high in intelligence. They have been shot and they have to stand up for their heroism.

"Xunzi, how can you say this? You are now being bullied by this person to this extent, how can we care about you?" Luoshui ruthlessly hated iron and looked at Liu Jinjin, and said, "You can rest assured, I am I will definitely help you to learn this unintelligible bastard."

After he finished speaking, he directly gave Su Shi a gauntlet: "Don't talk about nonsense, there is a kind to fight one!"

"I want to take care of you seriously, but before that, I still have one thing to do." Su Shi is not angry, just flipping his head and flipping the evidence he saved before, and then there is no one in everyone. In the case of a little defense, the evidence is directly put out.

A clear picture that has been magnified and countless times is pushed into the air, ensuring that everyone in the room can see the content clearly and then the expression on everyone’s face becomes A string of ellipsis, etc., the plot develops too fast, they really accept some incompetence.

The first photo was very popular. A girl who looked very beautiful was sitting at the table in the room and wrote something. Her room was very pink, but one of the two walls was painted. A very powerful picture, a closer look will reveal that it should be a photo of two people.

A man and a woman, a woman should be young, and a man is obviously a teenager.

When I zoomed in on the picture, I could see that she was writing a diary, and the contents of the diary were very clear.

[I must let the mother and daughter ruin and recapture everything that should belong to me. At that time, I will no longer be an illegitimate daughter who is spurned by others!

At that time, I was the daughter of Dad’s bright future. At that time, I could step on the mother and daughter without any scruples!

I already have a good plan to let the bad guy who has taken over all of my life better than death, taste the pains I have tasted, I will not let him go! ]

Such a vicious discourse, coupled with a girlish angelic face, is very strange, it is difficult to imagine that the content on the diary is really handwritten by this girl.

At the other corner of the table, there is a closed textbook with three words [Liu Jinjin] clearly written on it.

Liu Jinjin? They just seem to have heard of this name from now?





 The first picture was so explosive, and later it was seen that everyone’s head was dizzy.

Liu Jinjin wrote a vicious diary at home, angered and took a pen to paint on the wall, and she went out to follow a series of pictures of a young man, and the nausea plans she made out of the cold, she was In the game, I deliberately approached my half-brother, and even deliberately hooked yin’s chat screenshot...

When these photos were shown one by one, there were several videos followed. These videos all highlighted the face of Liu Jinjin's angelic face. He had a dirty heart and couldn't know what to say.

After all the evidence was put out, everyone’s eyes immediately fell to the center of Liu Jinjin. Although the appearance of this person is very different from the reality, they all remember that someone had just called her real name. And she did not refute.

When I think of this kind of girl who usually looks soft and weak, gentle and pleasing, my heart is so dark and terrible, they feel that the goose bumps are coming out. This woman is terrible!

However, the most shocking at this time, apparently still the three people standing in the encirclement, Liu Jinjin as the party does not have to say, even a glitz and ruthlessness are a kind of thunder.

When I think of the person standing next to me, this person is such a vicious and sullen person, and I think that they have just said that they have to protect her very much and just hold her up, and they both have a kind of feeling of swallowing.

Why did they not see the true face of this woman before?

Why do they have to stay when they just quit and let themselves quit?

what is this!

At this time, the glitz and the ruthlessness of the water only felt that the photos were like a loud and powerful slap in the face, ruthlessly and brutally fanning on their faces, but they still have no way to lick their faces because The people holding the photos are themselves!

If they are not illiterate, if they are not blinded by the beauty, they will listen to the one-sided words of this vicious woman, and they will call so many people because of their temperament, if they insist that they want to stay, they also It won't fall so ridiculously!

So in the final analysis, it is simply that they are self-sufficient, and they are desperately fanning their faces. This is the legendary self-face!

Of course, because Su Shi is also on the scene, it is obvious that these people simply cannot continue to face themselves. After all, Su Shi is also prepared to play a dozen of these people's faces.

"Is it satisfactory to what you have seen?" In an empty silence, Su Shi opened his mouth like a smile. "Now I know why I should pull her directly?"

The light words show that he is very happy with the vast majority of people present at the moment, and the face will soon begin. Can he be unhappy?

"How are you..." Liu Jinjin finally recovered from the shock and Zhang Huangzhong, and almost blurted out what he shouldn’t say. She quickly took it and put a grievance at a very fast speed, but it was As strong as I can, I clench my fists and my voice trembles. "I don't know why you put this thing with the same name and the same name, but I don't know this person at all. You are so filthy. What is the reason? Also, although this person is indeed the same as my real name, you should not illegally obtain the privacy of the other party in order to frame me. It is illegal for you to do so!"

Although the mouth said so, but Liu Jinjin's heart is already close to collapse, at this time her mind is coming back and forth with the same question: Why does Liu Feng have these things?

It is obviously my own home, my own room, why Liu Feng can take such a photo!

And what about the videos that tracked him himself, how did he get it? !

At this time, her inner fear is more than other emotions. Oneself is completely living under the supervision of others. No matter what she does, there is no fear of making her face cold and vertical, and her body is cold!

When this emotion was forced down by herself, she did not feel any ease, because the situation at the moment was a huge blow to her!

The gentle, kind, simple and lovely images she had created before were all ruined!

Her ugly and dirty heart was exposed to the sight of everyone, so that she could not find a place to hide.

No!

I can't admit it, otherwise everything she had planned before would be ruined!

But the facts are in front of me. Even if Liu Jinjin wants to refute, there is no way to start. So she thinks about it. The only thing she can do is to refuse to admit it. Yes, as long as she does not admit it, Liu Feng must not take her. of!

Like grabbing his last straw, Liu Jinjin’s attitude is very firm, as if the truth is as she said: “A water is flowing, you are simply a madman. In order to frame me, you even have this kind of thing. Do it!"

After all, Liu Jinjin even turned around and looked at the flashy glimpses that had been quietly away from her, and half-crushed and said: "Floating brother, he is really a madman, he is deliberately frame me!"

As a result, the voice just fell, and Su Shi whispered in the opposite voice, and the voice became louder and louder, almost laughing too much.

Liu Jinjin was twitching over his face, and his eyes were full of tears. As a result, he was so smiled by Su Shi, and suddenly he couldn’t keep up. He could only speak sharply: "You crazy, what are you laughing at!"

Su Shi rubbed her eyes and barely stopped: "Sorry, sorry, I just think that your play is so good, I have already touched me deeply. You continue, I can watch two more shows."

After that, he smiled and smiled at the glitz: "Maybe your acting is really good enough to make some idiots continue to be stupid?"

In a few words, Liu Jinjin’s tears were all gone back. A few flashy foreheads burst out on the forehead: “A stream of water, you should not be too much!”

"I am too much? You are deliberately making me laugh," Su Shi couldn't help but start laughing again. "Don't you think that the real excess should be that you don't ask for the indiscriminate, you will play the screen to kill me, even at the expense." Come with your own family to help the people come over and throw out the foolish X?"

After talking about it, Su Shi’s gaze swept around and screamed with a big horn: “Where are the gangsters of the flamboyant family, have you realized that your boss is such a big silly X?”

The audience’s expression is subtle. How do you answer this question?

However, some people are very courageous. Xiaojiabiyu, standing behind Su Shi, is weak and weak. "God, ask why you said that if you say swearing, you are not blocked?"

"..." Although this problem is a serious problem, it seems to be helping yourself. Su Shi lightly coughed, and the color was positive. "Probably because even the system feels that a flashy glimpse is a big silly X?"

Everyone squinted for a moment, and nodded deeply: "It makes sense."

Everyone: "..." We don't even know what to say, fall!

Being stunned in public, X was also so tempted. The blue gluten on the forehead of the flash was more thick and thicker, but the other side said that it was a fact. He could not refute even the rebuttal. He could only pass the anger to the anger. The culprit that caused all of this.

"A piece of paper, you don't have to be acting, you will be deceived before, it is really my eyes, but you think that to the present point, I will still believe you?" A flashy look at Liu Jinjin, said something very It is ruthless.

Liu Jinjin was hurt by this sentence and stepped back two steps, almost standing unsteadily: "Floating brother..."

"Don't call me like this, disgusting!" A flashy glimpse directly turned around, and then reluctant to look at Liu Jinjin, just like this person is a stain that he can't erase, and the fact is true.

Liu Jinjin was really sadly crying. Although she had deliberately approached Liu Feng before, she said something embarrassing, but her heart has always been placed on a glitz, never had a bit of falsehood, she even I thought about it, and when she solved Liu Feng, she went to meet with the other party and further contact.

Now, the person she really treats is actually saying that she is disgusting, that disgusting tone, such a cold look is like stepping her heart on the ground and smashing it.

Su Shi looked at Liu Jinjin's reaction in his eyes, but he was sneer in his heart. While posing with an injured posture, he used similar or even more vicious means to deal with other innocent people. Such a person is not worthy of sympathy for others.

In the original plot, the original master had a deep feelings for Liu Jinjin, but he finally discovered that all of this was just a vicious scheme of the other party, and the person he engraved in his heart turned out to be his half-brother, this kind of blow, Liu Jinjin, who is now, is going to be thousands of times.

Su Shi’s heart sneered, but it’s like laughing and laughing: “Liu Jinjin, what else do you want to say now? I really like to see you dying, do you want to say something to make me happy? if?"

This is tantamount to fanning Liu Jinjin’s slap, making her feel that her move is like a joke. She can no longer conceal her vicious and hateful eyes and finally squat to Su Shi, just like in Look at your own enemies.

Su Shi looked at Liu Jinjin very calmly and scornfully said: "Although your appearance has been exposed almost, but in order to make you convinced, I still intend to answer your dying struggle."

Say, Su Shi has introduced a magnified picture that clearly records the true identity of Liu Jinjin when registering the game, as well as the corresponding game ID and game nickname.

"Ah! I hate you!" His last sophistry was also ruthlessly exposed. Liu Jinjin finally couldn't help but scream and squat his face.

The glitz of the eyelids has not been said at this time, but he still does not want to lower his proud head. After all, he is also the one who is blinded. The person who is really wrong is Liu Jinjin.

So after thinking about it, a glitz of light hangs on the chin: "I will not ask this question again, I will take these people together."

The meaning of the words, I now know the true face of Liu Jinjin, I will not care about this matter, what do you want?

When Liu Jinjin heard this, he immediately burst into tears and choked: "Floating... Brother, how can you... so to me, I am real... I like you..."

The words of a flashy eyebrow are wrinkled: "You are such a vicious woman, do not deserve to like me."

Such a heartless and ruthless words, let Liu Jinjin fall to the ground, and even forgot to cry for a while: "A flashy, how can you say so! I have done something wrong, but I have always been true to you! I Give you an idea and help you to help the Rila people. Have you forgotten these things?! I really like you, how can you do this to me?!"

However, in the face of Liu Jinjin’s complaint, a flashy glimpse only wrinkled his brow more disgustingly. If he did not say anything, he would turn and leave.

Su Shi looked very happy when she saw the excitement. She saw a glitz and wanted to go. I was dissatisfied with the authenticity: "I said let you go?"





 Although a glitz was very annoyed at this time, he did not put Su Shi in his eyes, but he was cold and cold.

Standing on his side, the water was ruthless and immediately cocked his chin and said: "The boss said, this thing will not be controlled anymore. What do you want? A rogue, you should not be too insatiable!"

Su Shi’s gaze turned to ruthlessness, with a banter and a scorn: “It seems that you really have no brains, just hard to beat yourself, now you have to start?”

The ruthlessness of the water was a bit irritating, and at this time it was directly poked in the pain, and the eyes quickly came out: "A stream of water, you are looking for death?!"

Su Shi said with a word and a word: "The person who is doing the wrong thing is you. It is also you who are not willing to admit mistakes and take responsibility, so it is up to you to find someone who is dead."

After that, I don’t give the opportunity to ruthlessly, and Su Shi’s direct glitz and glory: “My request is not high. You personally put Liu Jinjin in the wheel, I will let you go, and your helpers. How about?"

This made a flashy face extremely ugly. Although he is very sorry for Liu Jinjin and even pushed all his responsibilities to her, it does not mean that he will go to a woman.

As a gang of masters, how can he make this self-identity in the big cow in this game? !

A glimpse of the glitz that had just disappeared immediately exploded. He looked at Su Shi coldly and gnashed his teeth. "I am already talking about it. I will not take it anymore. This is already for you." Face, if you still have to take a shot, don't blame me for being rude to you."

"So you are not willing?" Su Shi is a very laid-back look, "even if you risk the entire gang to help the public, you are not willing to do?"

A flashy look is even colder: "If you say a word more, I will let you know what it is like to die."

Su Shi blinked innocently and once again screamed at the crowd: "You have heard it too? Your boss, first for a woman, brought you over and shame, now for this woman, choose Let you replace this woman with a white wheel, do you feel uncomfortable now? Are you surprised?"

Everyone: "..." We have no expressions yet!

At the beginning, when the two bosses brought them over, they probably heard about the previous gossip, and the boss just took them with a smile.

But at that time, a piece of paper was embroidered in their hearts, or a goddess-like existence. She looked good, people were gentle, and the technique was good. She was willing to help them. It was the ideal person for their wife.

But now, the true face of Liu Jinjin has been completely exposed. They can't imagine that the people who were so gentle and amiable before them, just and unselfishly, would be such a sinister, cold-blooded illegitimate daughter.

What makes them feel disgusting most is that she can make a sinister thing about her own self-sister, for the sake of her own self, which is simply too subversive of their three views!

When Liu Jinjin’s affairs were revealed, they were originally regarded as the beauty of adults. As a long-faced act of the boss, they became a group of blind clowns, jumping and jumping around here.

Although this choice is made by oneself, when things happen, they will subconsciously shirk their responsibilities.

They are also deceived. If not the woman is so well hidden, how can they be deceived? So in the end, this thing should blame the vicious woman!

They were also called by the two bosses, otherwise how could they appear here? Therefore, the second thing that can be blamed is that you can only blame the two bosses. You can't blame them.

Some people will never learn to find reasons from themselves. No matter what happens, they can push everything to other people.

Because of this mentality, they have already faintly dissatisfied with their boss. Now, when they hear Su Shi say this, their dissatisfaction is even stronger. Although they don’t think this person has the ability to turn them, their own boss is for one. Women who abandon their behavior still make them feel chilling.

It was ruthless, and after listening to this, I couldn’t help but anger and resentment: "A stream of water, you are less arrogant here, we are all sincerely following the boss, your provocation is useless!"

Su Shi’s unresponsiveness to everyone, and the ruthless anger of falling into the water, did not feel annoyed. It was just in the arms of the sky that had been standing silently behind him. He whispered in a good mood: “Dear boss, I asked you before. How busy is it, how is it going?"

The sky grabbed Su Shi’s shoulder and looked up at the sky: “It’s already here, need them to come out?”

Su Shi nodded and shook her head and smiled and said: "When I go to pave the way."

After all, Su Shi directly looked at the flashy posture in the arms, and used a big horn to say: "Are you sure that you want to give up your brothers for Liu Jinjin, let them be turned white? ”

A flashy gaze fell on the sky. He had just noticed the existence of this person. He also had some doubts about the identity of this person. But now the two sides are arrogant, and he is always not good at asking for the identity of the other party at this time.

At this time, I heard that it is going to let this person help him?

But even if this person seems to be inscrutable, it is impossible to fight hundreds of them with one's own strength.

A glitz is just a little thought, then the eyebrows sighed coldly: "A stream of water, if you are so entangled, I am really welcome!"

"Since you still refuse to change your mind, then I can't help it," Su Shi shrugged helplessly and looked back at the sky. "Dear, let them come, but don't let them hurt these people." They are all good people who support me."

The sky shook his ears. He was keenly aware that Su Shi changed his name from "Dear Boss Adult" to "Dear", but he was inexplicable. He did not point it out, but he was faint. "A cry.

The next moment, in the absence of everyone's expectations, there was a large crowd of people in the sky, and they yelled and rushed over.

These people have different clothing, some Chinese clothing, some burlap clothes, they are also very old, there are men and women, old and young, they have books in their hands, some with iron sticks Holding a spoon, and some even holding a windmill.

The "..." [Floating Dreams] helpers looked at the crowd who did not know where they came from and rushed to themselves. For a moment, they even forgot how they reacted.

At the same time, some players who are completely ignorant of this matter are also completely forced.

Someone stopped to take a look at the place where the NPC should be standing. According to the task prompt, the address of the NPC that submitted the task should be here. Now that the NPC is gone, how can they continue to do the task?

Some people are locked up in restaurants, pharmacies, **** shops... helplessly looking at the closed door in front of us, isn't it that the NPC stores in the game are open 24 hours a day? So what is the situation now? ? ?

A similar situation is filled with every corner of the main city, letting everyone wonder if the game is unanimously given to these NPCs, so that they will disappear at the same time.

When it comes to reloading and forcing the main battlefield, those NPCs that seem to make people feel dazzled, after they have appeared, they go straight to the helpers of [Floating Dreams], and the things in their hands are unceremoniously shot. These people seem to be playing, but their actions are very serious.

After the shock and conjecture at the beginning, the helpers of [Floating Dreams] finally reacted and began to pick up their weapons and began to fight back. The two sides almost became chaotically and became a group.

It stands to reason that compared with the helpers of [Floating Dreams], these NPCs are generally less aggressive, and many of them have no basic skills. They can only reach out and squat to each other.

The glitz of this time is mostly the people who have strong combat power in the gang, and the skills given by the game. It is a very simple matter to deal with these strange NPCs.

The gangsters of [Flamboyant Dreams] also thought so at first, but as time passed, their bloodstains were slowing down at a slower speed, while the other side was like a small force that could not be beaten. They can't stand under the skills, they gradually realize that something is wrong!

It seems that at some moment, they finally realized that these people are NPCs!

NPC!

They have no bloods at all!

NPC without blood strips, even if the amount of blood is small, it is impossible to be killed by yourself! Because they simply don't have the idea of ​​losing blood!

The people who discovered the truth fell into tears, and they just naively thought that these people are definitely not their opponents!

and many more!

So, what are the inexplicable NPCs that ran over? They are suddenly gusting, so run over and attack the game players?

The other people, who were surrounded by the crowd and had not been affected by the moment, were also stunned expressions. They couldn’t believe what they saw!

NPC will actually gather to attack players?

Why is there such a wonderful setting in this game? !

Only after Su Shi looked at the slow progress of NPC, he was a little dissatisfied with the sky: "Although the effect is very good, the speed is a bit slow."

The sky thought for a moment, and Su Shi slowly floated in the air, then gently swung his wide sleeves, and saw a sharp blade spreading around him at a very fast speed, wherever he went. One person was spared, they all died in an instant!

Su Shi looked at this scene with a stunned look. For a time, he didn’t know what to say.

The sky did not seem to feel that he had done something stunned. He turned his head seriously and looked at Su Shi: "Is this speed enough?"





 Enough is enough, of course enough!

I knew that my husband’s skills were so strong, and Su Shi was looking for a NPC. It was a waste of time and energy!

"Dear, you are so amazing!" Su Shi stared at the stars with sincerity, and some words would make people feel happy even if they didn't put them on the bed.

At this time, the sky is very useful for this sentence. Inexplicably, there is an illusion that his heart slowly floats up: "Do you still need me to do something? If you want to be white, should you let them be forced to resurrect?"

Su Shi’s star eyes instantly turned into a heart shape: “Dear, can you still let them resurrect in situ?”

According to the setting of this game, after the player dies, he can choose to resurrect in situ or return to the resurrection point. If it is killed by a monster, most players will directly choose to resurrect in situ, but if it is better than himself. If the enemy is killed, the resurrection in the same place is equal to finding the wheel.

For this reason, Su Shi only asked Cangwu to find so many NPC helpers. As a result, even if these people returned to the safe area to resurrect, they would be chased by NPCs.

However, as a result, the location of the whirlpool will be seriously dispersed, so the effect of the force will be greatly reduced, but these people are not fools, it is impossible to really choose to resurrect in situ, Su Shi has no other A better way.

Now, the simple and simple sentence of the sky has solved this problem fundamentally. If these people can only be forced to resurrect in the same place, then they can only be passively beaten, waiting to be turned white?

But think again, it seems that there is something that is not quite right?

For the super boss of the sky, the reason why there is a skill that can let other people resurrect in situ, certainly can not be prepared for the whirlpool?

So how do you think that this skill looks like a couple skill, even if it is not a couple, at least it should be used by friends, but now it has become a weapon to help Su Shi whit these people.

Think about the inexplicable feeling that he is a bit disadvantageous, maybe this skill should be used on his own? However, even if there is such a thought, Su Shi can't put such a cheating weapon. If you see the sky, you will nod your head and immediately nod your head. "Let them all come back to life. It will be even more exciting!"

"Okay." Cangwu is not interested in the end of these people, but he likes to look at the smile of the person in his arms. The look of the eyebrows can almost melt his heart.

So when the helpers of [Floating Dreams] were beaten by these NPCs, they were put down by the sky, and they couldn’t help but spurt out a blood, ready to run to the resurrection point to hide, then They found out... they actually resurrected directly in place? !

WTF? !

Why didn't they choose not to choose, they just resurrected in situ? !

This unscientific!

What is even more frightening is that such a situation is not a case. All the people present, after being killed by a single shot, have all been resurrected in situ. Is this terrible?

The person who had not resurrected in the first place saw his companion actually climbed up in the same place. He still thought about whether this is a stupid X. In this case, he did not run the resurrection point, but chose to resurrect in situ.

But when more and more people are in the same situation, even after they are forced to resurrect in their own place, the taunt is suddenly covered by shock and fear. If it is only a resurrection, it will be deleted at most. , experience, drop, but if you are forced to resurrect in a row, then waiting for them is forcing a whit!

Are they really going to be whitened? But this is really unscientific!

It should be said that everything that happened today is very unscientific. From the very beginning, I saw the true face of the vicious woman. After that, they were attacked by these NPCs. Now even the forced resurrection has come out, so this is all What the hell? !

It won't be that they are very unlucky enough to catch up with the game's bug group, and then it will be affected?

However, the facts are more cruel than they think, because after they reported the bug, the feedback was that there was no problem with the game data, and everything that happened now is normal.

Going to your sister's game data is all right. If the game data is normal, isn't it normal for them?

They are indeed in the virtual world, but that doesn't mean they are daydreaming!

It is also a matter of forcibly destroying the three views. After all, human nature is inherently complicated, but they were forcibly attacked by the NPC, and now they are forced to resurrect in situ. They can only watch their own experience, drop, and be forcibly circulated. How can things be normal!

If even these are normal, then the existence of this game itself is very abnormal, ah!

They were filled with anger and anger, and they couldn’t help but cry and mourn, and they regretted why they were here, but no matter what they thought, they could not change the tragic situation after they were killed twice. They lost the tragic fate of four levels because of these three consecutive kills.

Four levels!

Why is it four? !

This is obviously a bug. According to their current level, they are killed once and they are less than one level. Killing three times is only between one level and two levels, but now they have suddenly dropped four levels. It is not scientific!

But perhaps it has been too much unscientific things before, and now, apart from heartache and helplessness, they have no other feelings.

However, at this time, the guy who couldn't see the other person's origins stopped attentively, and the NPCs who were just shooting on them crazy stopped the action.

Then they heard the hunter standing on the side of the man who looked very sloppy and said: "How do you feel that you have been killed three times and you have lost four?"

Everyone closed their mouths in unison, and they refused to answer this question!

"Don't be too busy, do you still remember what I just said?" Su Shi clap his hands and feel very happy. "I just said that as long as your boss hands-on this woman, I will let you go. Leaving, so the reason why you are now killed three times, even four levels, all of your boss's own choice, and I have no relationship."

The logic of this statement is obviously wrong, but it has successfully pushed a glitz to the contradictory point, and passed the anger of those who have just been killed three times to him, especially the focus of Su Shi’s words. A glitz is for a vicious woman to give up on this point.

It feels like the old boss of the old man is not, even if she knows that the woman's heart is vicious and disgusting, she still does not want to kill her, even for her to let her brothers be turned white.

It is hard to accept for a woman to give up so many brothers, or for such a woman, this is very disgusting!

The boss in their minds should be wise and martial, the tenderness of tenderness, the decisive overlord of decisiveness, not the coward who abandoned the brothers and tyrants for the sake of their children!

Therefore, it is not necessary for Su Shi to say the second sentence at all. The crowd has already taken the lead in rioting.

"Boss, how can you ignore a brother for such a woman? You are too disappointed!"

"Boss, if you want us to recognize you as the boss, you will quickly turn this woman into a white, or I will immediately retire!"

"Boss, we are all brothers who work with you, you can't save us!"

"Boss, beg you to save me, I am not easy to upgrade, if it is so ruined, how can this game play in the future?"

"Boss, if you don't think about us, you have to think about gangs. If you really want us to be ruined today, how do you face the gangs in the future? How do you stand in the game? You have to think clearly!"

......

Listening to these words, the flashy face is already dark, and the expression is even more embarrassing. These people only think about themselves, but they have never considered themselves!

They are really good at saying that if they don't do it, it is really bad for him, but if it is done, can the problem be solved?

A bunch of lords, even forced to get a hand to turn a woman, if this thing is passed out, will he be able to stand in the game in the future?

Therefore, the situation of a glitz at this time is simply to advance and retreat. No matter how he chooses, the result is unbearable to him. When he thinks of it, his heart is almost mad.

But now he is not the opponent of the two men in front of him, especially the white man who can't even see the road. He can kill all the players present, including his own. This ability is also inevitable. Too bad!

Yes, those who have just been killed three times are not just the gangsters of the glitz and glory. Even the flamboyant and the ruthless ruthlessness have been killed three times, and they have lost nearly five levels. The feeling of being killed in one fell swoop is too sour!

When the strong enemy is in front, even the help of his own team is forcing himself. A flashy glimpse only feels black in front of him, leaving a mess in his head, completely without an idea.

No matter which of the two decisions in front of him, he will let him fall into the land of annihilation, so how can he choose?

A glitz shook his head and could only force himself to soften in front of Su Shi, and lowered his head: "A stream of water, the previous thing is indeed that I did something wrong, I apologize to you, I hope you can forgive me, put I have passed these brothers."

Standing behind Su Shi, Xiaojiabiyu, who was also shocked by the scene that had just been seen, did not know what to say. At this time, everyone returned to the world, loudly: "Great God, before the glitz, you are not right, you can't Forgive him easily!"

Su Shi took a glance at the glitz: "I want to apologize, okay, I will call my name first."





 "..." Your sister's taking a bug is a necessary condition, it is not a person!

A flashy face is almost black at the bottom of the pot, think about it, or can only temporarily put aside his face, and open his head and bite his teeth: "Su fried [哔 ]] [哔 ]], before it was me Wrong, I hope you don't bother my brothers."

Although the words of a flashy flamboyance are very humiliating, the audience around them can't help but sneer, really don't blame them, it really sounds ridiculous.

Su Shi smiled and smiled at the ear: "Read wrong, come again."

There is a blue vein on the flashy fist. This person really wants to talk about it. He is deliberately humiliating himself!

"I have bowed to you and admit it wrong, you should not be too much!" Since playing this game, a flashy glimpse is the first time I feel so humiliated.

In the past, he stepped on others and asked others to plead with him. This is the first time he has been trampled under the feet of others, so shameful and trampled!

If it is ok, a glitz is really trying to smash this man into a corpse, but the situation is compelling, he can't do anything!

"I feel too much? Is it true that I am indiscriminate and directly encircle you with hundreds of people? Do I have to discard my brother for a vicious woman? Do I know that I am doing something wrong, and I am not cheeky? Will you admit the mistake?" Su Shi smiled and scornfully said, "If I remember correctly, these should be all you do? I have done something too much, I am just reasonable self-defense, you still have a face. Conversely, I am too much? You are too much!"

After that, Su Shi also asked for a gimmick to look at the sky: "Dear, I am right?"

The sky nodded in principle: "Yes."

Now everyone behind Su Shi does not support in principle: "The Great God is right!"

Su Shi modestly nodded: "Of course, I must be right."

A glitz: "..." It was clearly not attacked, but suddenly I felt like I wanted to vomit blood.

[Floating Dreams] The helpers: "..." The heart is so tired, what kind of ghost is reasonable self-defense? We have all lost so many levels, can you not see it?

Just when everyone’s atmosphere was “harmonious”, Liu Jinjin, who had been falling on the floor and crying, suddenly screamed and shouted: “Liu Feng, you must not die! You will be retribution!”

Then, she turned her head and reluctantly looked at the glitz, both self-blame and grievance: "Floating brother, I know that I am making you embarrassed, you can rest assured, I will not drag you down, I only hope that you I know, I really like you, I always like it..."

After all, Liu Jinjin lifted his hand and wiped his neck.

Everyone: "..."

Wiping the neck in the game is tantamount to suicide. It is a very clean and dead way to death, and because the actor is the game player himself, it must be able to complete the blood.

I have to say that Liu Jinjin’s actions at this time can really give a good impression to himself, at least to make a glitz no longer disgust with her. After all, at this time, a glitz is in the midst of a dilemma. I can find a way out for him at this time, and I will be very grateful for the exaggeration.

This kind of move that can help the other side and reflect his affection is indeed very powerful, but the reality is...

After Liu Jinjin slowly fell down, he slowly climbed up from the ground. Without a doubt, she was obviously forced to reinvigorate.

Everyone: "..." This scene is too embarrassing, they really don't know what to look like.

Even Liu Jinjin’s face was hard to hide. On the previous moment, she looked sad and strong and chose to use her own life to exchange for a flashy back. As a result, she lived again and still lived. In front of so many people, what kind of expression does it make for her?

Before the big determination, more effort, and deeper friendship, it was such a joke, and it became a joke.

Su Shi also smiled unceremoniously. He also suggested: "It seems that you have a deep feeling for a flashy glory. If this is the case, then you should manually turn yourself into a white, which saves the other party. This is really a good way to get the best of both worlds. What do you think?"

If you only want to be self-satisfied, you can also express it with affection and determination. You can also pull the image value of yourself in these people’s minds. But if you are suicidal in a row, even if others say nothing, Liu Jinjin himself I feel quite embarrassed, this behavior is simply MDZZ!

This dilemma has become Liu Jinjin. She does not want to give up the previous preparations, so that her own efforts are wasted, and it is impossible to really commit suicide like a mental retardation. I really turn myself into a white. The law is chosen.

Su Shi did not speak, so he looked at Liu Jinjin like a smile, but a few people behind him couldn't help but laugh and talk.

Hehehehe shows you: "Oh, it’s really interesting. I saw it for the first time in the game. It’s really a good idea for a woman to express herself to a man’s love. Play."

I love the local tyrants who love me: "I like to watch such a play. What's more interesting is that this man is standing in front of this woman. He is completely unorganized. Is this just to see it?"

I don't know what to call: "I really don't know what to say. Today, this play is really wonderful. I am very excited now. It used to be this group of people chasing us to kill. Now let's look at this. The group was killed, it was cool!"

Blowing and blowing the cow: "The Great God is really a cow! The great **** is mighty and domineering! The Great God is fried [哔——] [哔——]!"

Xiaojiabiyu: "Yu Xiu sister... cough, when you talk directly, it is so strange, I feel very strange, I still call you embroidered directly. Yan Xiu, how do you feel about the **** now?"

Everyone said: "Well, people are as famous."

Yushu Linfeng: "Oh, if you two demons can still be as tired as the language chat, it is really disgusting to die. But I really look forward to the next plot development, you are the last vicious woman Suicide, or is this disgusting man always killing this woman?"

I am a bug: "I don't think any kind of development anyway, I think it's wonderful! It's just an annual drama!"

......

At this time, the two protagonists in the annual drama, the expression on the face are not very good-looking, a glitz is naturally hope that a piece of paper can be more interesting, and he will turn himself, so that he can save him.

As for Liu Jinjin, when she saw the attitude of a flashy moment, her heart was already very clear. I am afraid that no matter how she does it, the other party will not have a little bit of distress, and it is even more impossible to re-engage the relationship between the two.

Since this person is not worth her to pay so much, why should she continue to ruin herself and become a joke for these people?

An extremely complicated emotion containing sadness, grievances, disappointment, anger, resentment, unwillingness, and despair slowly came to my heart, and Liu Jinjin fell to the ground again.

The miraculous thing is that at this moment, what came to her mind was not a bit of a glimpse of a glitz, but a teenager who was resentful, calculating, and revenge.

Liu Jinjin was surprised to find that she could still clearly remember that when she pretended to be a stranger and Liu Fengyi in the game, what kind of expression was shown by the other party when she saw her, which was mixed with surprise and shame. The expression has been blurred by the hatred and embarrassment that is blinded in the heart, but it has become very clear at this moment.

The first time I met in the game, the teenager looked at her with a slap in the face.

The first time I made a copy together, the teenager always stood in front of her and didn't want her to suffer a little bit of damage.

The first time I ate together, even in the game, the teenager still ordered a bunch of food she liked.

For the first time deliberately said the ambiguous words, the young man could not look at her with a blushing face, but it was difficult to hide his joy.

......

Liu Jinjin felt that she should not think about it. She clearly hated the mother and daughter. She clearly vowed to make them die, but those scenes were inexplicably smashed out, filled her brain and made her close to collapse. The ground burst into tears.

In fact, even if she has been hypnotizing herself, she is also clear in her heart. She is an illegitimate daughter, the one who can't see the light, and the simple and beautiful boy, he is truly innocent.

He clearly did not do anything, he did not know anything, but he was hurt by himself...

Su Shi’s cold-eyed Liu Jinjin, who is crying and crying, can probably guess her psychological changes from her performance, but what about it?

If this has not happened today, if "Liu Feng" is still as thin as the original, and completely suppressed by a glitz, Liu Jinjin will be so desperate, will he regret for his previous actions?

However, when he was forced into a desperate situation, he began to miss the person who had brought himself warmth and unconditional tolerance. This is not a real confession, and such confession is not worth the money.

Su Shi looked at it all with a cold eye, and then turned his head and looked at the glitz with no mercy: "It seems that Liu Jinjin is impossible to turn himself by himself. In this case, you can start working now."

A glitz bite his teeth and looked at Su Shi, trying to grasp the last excuse to let the other party change his mind: "She has already cried like this, and she has just sneaked it once. It must have been known wrong. You are her half-brother. Brother, can't you forgive her once?"

Su Shi laughed, does this person want to impose morality on himself? That is really looking for the wrong person: "If I take all of your brothers in vain, and you will be willing to forgive me, I can consider forgiving her."

A glitz still wants to say something more, but the gang of people behind him has already loudly clamored: "Boss, turn her white! Hurry up her!"

However, in a few seconds, the sound behind him was completely unified, just like shouting a loud slogan: "Take her white! Turn her white!"





 A glitz of death and a fist standing there, he now dare not turn his head to see his self-help gang who only knows to follow him, because he is worried that if he turns his head, he will be unable to control all these people. dead!

Liu Jinjin, who fell to the ground, cried a while, and slowly stopped. At this time, her thoughts had changed dramatically. Although she had no face at all, she did not have the courage to say anything to Su Shi, but she was no longer as Have any unrealistic expectations for a glitz.

She still looks at the glitz with disappointment and hate with tears in her voice, and her voice is full of tiredness and irony: "A glitz, do you really want to turn me around?"

A flashy glimpse did not speak, just clenched the sword in his hand.

"Since you have made a choice, I have nothing to say, but there is a saying that I still have to say it. I am indeed a vicious woman. I really can’t help but drool, but you should know that I have never I have done anything that can't hold you," Liu Jinjin said as he shed tears. "I have never seen anything from you since I first met you, all the equipment, clothes, skin on my body. Even all kinds of props are all bought by rogues. Even if you follow your copy, I have never wanted anything. You should be very clear about these..."

Having said that, Liu Jinjin has a sob, and some of them are crying, but she still insists on it: "A glitz, even if I did something wrong, I never owe you anything, you owe me Too much, but now, in order to fulfill your own interests, you have to come to me. Do you know how much pain in my heart?"

"Shut up!" A glitz of glory can't be tolerated, what is this woman going on? Doesn't she say that she is true to herself? Now that I have said this, it is simply deliberately trying to make him embarrassed!

"A glitz, you know? I just really want to use your own death to fulfill yours, but now, I found out that you are not worthy of paying so much, and I have always been really stupid. Just like the hooligans have done so much for me, it is not worth it.” Liu Jinjin did not dare to go to see Su Shi, but her eyes could not help but go in that direction, then she saw that the person was using an implicit smile. But there is no irony of any temperature to look at myself.

For a moment, Liu Jinjin’s belt was like being burnt to the general, and immediately recovered his gaze, but his heart was even more bitter. Yes, she had done so excessive things, how could Liu Feng forgive her again?

She thinks that she is a prince of Prince Charming. In fact, she is only a cool, self-sufficient guy. The person who has been unconditionally giving her has been pushed away by her own hands and even completely hurt. Her previous performances are probably What is the interpretation of "self-made, can't live"?

Liu Jinjin regained his gaze and hanged his throat: "A glitz, you come to kill me, but you have to remember that you have changed your way back through a white woman who loves you deeply. This thing will never be able to erase."

After saying this, Liu Jinjin closed his eyes and slightly raised his mouth, raised his head, and looked like a generous death.

A glitz is really trying to seal Liu Jinjin’s mouth directly, and Liu Jinjin said that he wants to go to the wheel now, and he can’t go any further!

A flashy heart is angry and annoyed, suddenly thinking of a person, it seems that from the beginning, the guy who fell into the water did not say anything, if he is willing to take this matter over, instead of doing it yourself, it’s a splendid...

A flashy look with hope and doubts turned around, but I saw the guy who had been following him all the time, and all sorts of screaming guys were watching with an extremely complicated and disappointing look. Yourself.

This look directly blows a glitz to the point, what does this look mean! Why does he look at himself like this? !

Is this all caused by him?

In the final analysis, if it is not the beginning of the ruthless use of the screen to sneak into the water, and let people open the world channel and those people, how can things go to this point?

It was this person who deliberately provoked the incident, and then snarled here, even dared to look at him with such a look, which is almost a blast of madness!

The noise behind him has become bigger and bigger. If you don't make a decision, it will only make the situation worse and worse. A glitz bite your teeth and finally point the sword at Liu Jinjin.

At that moment, all the sounds came to an abrupt end, leaving only a glitz sound of skill.

Su Shi, who was on the sidelines of joy, thought of a word, most afraid that the air suddenly became quiet, because it represents the breeding of cockroaches.

It’s really too embarrassing. Even before I shouted slogans and asked for help, I felt that this scene was completely unsightly.

The teams of hundreds of people were all surrounded, quietly watching their own helpers manually turning white women who thought they would probably become the wife of the lord. Who can understand this unspeakable?

The image that was so incomparably tall in their minds collapsed in an instant, and was slowly crushed into mud under the feet because of the scene that was still in front of him.

They can't help but wonder why they used to think that this person is strong and powerful, and is also a gentleman?

At the same time, they can't help but think that it seems that they have their own ingredients in the ingredients of this situation.

But at this time, no one wants to think about this issue in a deeper level. Everyone is accustomed to people who shirk their responsibilities, and they can always find the one who has the back pot.

The ranks of Liu Jinjin are all trained by the original master. Naturally, they will not be low. There are also various props, equipment and costumes of the original master. The blood volume and defense are very strong, and the glitz and the glory are not as bad as the sky. There is still a certain time interval between skills and various skills, so the road of rotation is still very long.

Su Shi looked around for a while and felt a little bored. It felt like a salted fish lying on the ground and being chopped and cut off. It was simply no fun.

"Dear, what do you want to do after killing these people?" Su Shi leaned in the arms of the sky and asked for yawning.

The sky does not know much about the outside world. There are not many ideas. Of course, the most important thing is that his current interests are all on Su Shi. Other people and things can't enter his eyes: "All with you."

Although this answer has no directionality, Su Shi still listened very happy: "Well, let me think about it."

A few people who watched the drama and saw it almost at the same time, couldn’t help but get together.

[I have a little secret] First whispered: "God, ask weakly, don't know this man?"

Su Shi looked at the sky and smiled and smiled: "This is my man."

Hearing the words, several people around him suddenly opened their eyes and saw the ghosts. Even one of the parties’ shackles couldn’t help but feel a stiff, and the hands on Su’s shoulders subconsciously aggravated their strength.

Su Shi blinked indiscriminately at the sky: "Is it wrong?"

The sky was as deep as the abyss of the abyss stared at Su Shi for a moment, and finally nodded: "No."

Su Shi immediately smiled and leaned back into the arms of the sky.

Looking at the scene of this flashing man, the expressions of several people around him are cracking quickly. Isn’t the pot of the dog’s food that suddenly fell down quickly to dispel the strong atmosphere around him?

[Why to solve the problem] silently swallowed a bit of mouth, a bit of a dull saying: "Great God, your man is really amazing."

Su Shi’s cheeky face nodded: “That is of course.”

[I have a little secret] Zhang opened his mouth and closed silently. He was shocked as if he had forgotten what he wanted to say.

Or [everyone show] help him to pick up the following words: "Great God, what gangs do you join the Supreme now?"

"No." The original owner belonged to the kind of person who did not operate well, mainly relying on money. In addition, he always only took the initiative to contact Liu Jinjin, and Liu Jinjin obviously did not want the original owner to join [Floating Dream], so the original owner did not join the gang.

As for the sky, it is even more impossible to join any gang.

[Xiaojiabiyu] immediately received: "Is there a big **** who thought about building a gang with your man?"

As soon as this was said, other people immediately followed it. The group of people did not add gangs. It was just that the group of [Flamboyant Dreams] was too odious. If anyone was not pleasing to the eye, they would be directly connected to the gang of the other party. Bullying together, so that these few people have retired gangs either actively or passively. Now they are all non-gang people.

Su Shi had never thought about this problem before, although he just took these people together to watch the big show, but he didn't really care about these people, and he didn't plan to do anything for them.

But at this time, listening to this proposal, Su Shi is somewhat heart-warming. Anyway, he still has to stay in the game for a while. If he does nothing during this time, it seems that he is too boring.

However, Su Shi did not directly decide, but turned to look at the sky: "Do you know what a gang is?"

The sky nodded: "I just searched, if you like, you can play."

Before [Xiajiabiyu] used the word "playing", but it was only afraid that the gods would refuse to use it to ease the tone, but the "playing" of the sky is obviously a real play.

"Then we will build a gang to play, but can you join the gang?" Su Shi asked, although the sky is different from other NPCs, he is named NPC after all.

The sky nodded again: "Yes."

Others feel that this conversation is a bit strange, but as long as the results are good, they are already very happy.

[Yushu Linfeng] directly excitedly said: "Great God, we will follow you in the future!"

Su Shi took this word without any pressure, and smiled and said: "Well, my man and I will bring you together to get rich and embark on the peak of life."





 Waiting for a glitz, I finally completed the great career of Liu Jinjin, turning her from a high-profile player who is close to full level, a luxurious dress, and equipped with high equipment into a 0-level trumpet. It was already nearly an hour later.

At this time, Liu Jinjin’s side had scattered a lot of beautiful equipment that fell from her, but no one was interested in these equipments. They just wanted to leave this horrible place as soon as possible and forget this horrible memory.

As for the protagonist Liu Jinjin’s melody, I am afraid that no one is worse than his mood. So many people are watching a woman who has almost become a relationship with her. I am afraid that there is no more shame in this world. It’s even more irritating.

After doing this, he had to open his mouth first: "Can you now?"

Su Shi quickly nodded, looking at the glitz like a smile: "Yes, you can now take these brethren who were saved because you were a woman."

In fact, Su Shi did not want to be so generous. What he said before was that if a glitz of the flamboyant hands-on Liu Jinjin, he would consider letting go of these people, but never said that they would definitely let them go.

Therefore, it is very cheeky to say that Su Shi’s original intention is to look at the glitz and illuminate Liu Jinjin’s turn, and the two of them love each other, and then let the squad turn the group of [Floating Dreams] into ruins. Qufuhua lived alive and died.

But now Su Shi is changing his mind. It is not that he feels that if he does, it will be a lot too much, but he has just decided to establish a gang. Since the gang is established, it must be a wave, if there is no "opponent. "How can I do it?"

Although the group of [Floating Dreams] is not really regarded as an opponent at all, but the number of [Floating Dreams] can be quite a lot, you can always play and play.

Of course, there may be another reason. After seeing the process of glitz and illuminating Liu Jinjin, Su Shi deeply realized that the manual rotation was too much trouble, or let his lover not waste this strength.

Su Shi clearly with a humiliating and ironic words, so that a flashy face is very embarrassing, but can only clench the sword in his hand, along the narrow passages that are automatically vacated in the crowd, step by step.

The other people present did not have the strength to express any feelings. Everything they had just witnessed had left a very deep impression on them. I am afraid that they could not forget before they completely left the game.

This is the first time they have experienced the heavy shadows that others have brought to them in the game. This is the first time they have felt the real feelings of the gamers who are being bullied by them. The shadows that lie with them make them connect Staying in the game feels difficult to accept, and even has the illusion of breathing difficulties.

Therefore, after the end of this event, many people have chosen to quit the game directly, return to the real world to heal the recovery, before they did not try to quit the game, but they all failed.

As for Su Shi and others, it is natural to go happily to apply for a gang, but when he just left, he was stopped by a crying voice.

"Liu Feng..." Liu Jinjin still fell to the ground and looked very pitiful.

Su Shi looked back at Liu Jinjin and his eyes were cold.

Liu Jinjin was frozen by this gaze and trembled: "Liu Feng, I know that I have done too many wrong things before, you can't forgive me, but I am really wrong now."

"If you want to talk to me about these words, then you still swallow them back." Su Shi sneered.

Liu Jinjin bit his lip and looked at the equipment that was falling around him. "I just want to make up for my mistakes. These equipments were bought before me, as well as the props and clothes in my backpack. They should be returned to you. Can you open a trade?"

After hearing this, Su Shi’s first reaction was how can this person be so shameless? At the same time, I think Liu Jinjin’s words are very ridiculous.

"Liu Jinjin, I see that you are dead, don't change it?" Su Shi laughed, unceremoniously, "If you really know what is wrong, you shouldn't take these things to disgust me, be like you." Anyone who has used something, who else will be willing to ask?"

In a word, Liu Jinjin was speechless and could only whisper again.

Su Shi did not feel pity and cherish the jade, see Liu Jinjin crying badly, and added another sentence: "Also remind you again, if you really want to make up, you better let yourself suffer a bit, but also don't Appeared in front of me, understand?"

After the talk, Su Shi didn't even look at Liu Jinjin, he took the sky directly and took the others to build a gang. Then they encountered the first problem facing the establishment of the gang.

"I think the name of the gang should be called [Cangwu] directly. What do you think?" Although Su Shi asked everyone, his eyes fell on the sky.

The sky is naturally without opinions, but others have great opinions.

I am a bug: "Boss, although I also feel that [哔-] [哔-] is very nice, but now, except for you, we can't send out the sound of [哔——][哔——], this... ..."

Yushu Linfeng: "Yes, [哔——] [哔-] These two words are now only two bosses, if you really call the name [哔——][哔——], later recruit People are a little troublesome."

Xiaojiabiyu: "[哔——][哔-]] Not just can't say it, even typing will become two asterisks o (╯ ╰ ╰) o."

"..." Su Shi listened to the "[哔——][哔——]" full of ears, and felt that the whole person was not good, and he helped the forehead. "What do you think the gang is called?"

Although it has not been verified, Su Shi probably knows that the reason why only two people and himself can say these two words should be related to the sky.

Perhaps the sky can directly lift this taboo-like existence, but Su Shi does not want to do this. Although this is a taboo for others, it is a privilege for him to prove that he is in the sky. The mind is different from other people, so how can he manually give up this privilege?

I have a little secret: "I feel that it is very domineering to call [the domineering alliance]."

Why do you solve the problem: "Pull it down, the name of the soil you are losing, you want to come out, I think it is better to call [on the past year], is there a wood art?"

Xiaojiabiyu: "Let's pull it down, our boss is so domineering, what style of literature is it?"

Everyone said: "Yes, right, it’s better to call Bixiu Pavilion. Is it good to listen?"

Yushu Linfeng: "You two are pulling down. Do you think this name can be linked to domineering? And if you really call this name, it is estimated that everyone will think that this gang is both of you?"

......

After some controversy, I still didn't get any results. It was Su Shi's last hammering and determined the name of the gang: "It's called Qitiange."

No one else had any opinions, but Cangwu asked: "Why is Qitiange?"

Su Shi thought for a moment and smiled slightly: "This is a secret, but do you think this name is not good?"

The sky was silent, then nodded: "Good."

Su Shi turned to other people: "So our gang is called this name?"

Others naturally had no objections. When Su Shi used the construction gang to successfully build a gang, everyone immediately applied for it, and then they all said with one sentence: "It feels good to have a gang."

However, compared to [Floating Dreams], their number of gangs is still too small. There are only ten people in total, but Su Shi’s emphasis is never on quantity, but on strength. Even if there are only two people in this gang, he and the sky. Enough in this game.

After the establishment of the gang, in addition to attracting new members, the most important thing is to carry out the hardware construction of the gang first, which directly determines whether your gang is a small huts without any force, or a magnificent palace.

However, in this matter, Su Shi only cares about the results, and does not want to go through the process, so he threw the matter to everyone to show them, and he himself went to do things with the sky.

Su Shi took the sky and walked toward the old man, and asked: "Can you make a kiss with someone else?"

Hearing the words, the sky frowned slightly, glaring at Su Shi’s hand: “Why should I be married to other people? I am only married with you.”

"Don't be angry, I just want to ask if you can get married," Su Shi smiled and patted the back of the hand of the sky, smiled and said, "Since you are so active, then I will not say something, let's go together." ”

"Okay." The wrinkled brow fell, but the corner of his mouth was slightly hooked up.

You haven't seen those who have been married, but at the time they only thought that those people were very bored. It was just that when the matter fell on their own, it didn't seem so boring in the imagination, but it made him feel a little... ?

In this game, getting married is a very simple matter. As long as you buy a marriage sachet and exchange it, you can successfully become a pro, only if you have two players, one male and one female.

In other words, for ordinary players, only the opposite **** can be a pro, the same **** does not have this right, if two men want to be a pro, there must be a demon.

However, this rule is here in the sky, obviously it is to be abolished, how can men and men not get married? Su Shi said that this is simply a paradox.

Su Shi was a little unhappy and got together in the arms of the sky: "Dear, I think that marriage should not be divided between men and women. What do you think?"

The sky that had been blown by the wind did not have any discretion and nodded: "You are right."

"Is this rule changed?" Su Shi continued to blow the wind.

The sky nodded again.

"Then you have changed this rule quickly, you must let every player know." Su Shi smiled with satisfaction, and made a request by the way.

The sky nodded again, and then, the whole game world was seen. Every game player floated a pink, floating petal screen.

[Instantly, players in the game will no longer distinguish between genders, and same-sex can also be a partner! ! ! ]

[Instantly, players in the game will no longer distinguish between genders, and same-sex can also be a partner! ! ! ]

[Instantly, players in the game will no longer distinguish between genders, and same-sex can also be a partner! ! ! ]

......

Su Shi stunned and looked at this unshielded bomb screen brush over and over again, and his heart was sweet and dead, and decisively took his lover to hurry.

After exchanging the sachets, the two men successfully became husbands, but they had not had time to kiss each other, and the whole world was instantly blown up, and the bulletin was bounced out.

[Congratulations to the players, the Soviet Union and the Cangwu are married to the husband, I wish the two for a hundred years of good, and never give up! ! ! ]

[Congratulations to the players, the Soviet Union and the Cangwu are married as husbands, and they have won half of the East Magic continent! ! ! ]

[Congratulations to the player, Su Bing, the gods, and the gods! ! ! ]

[Congratulations to the players, the bombing of the sky, the melting of the phantom snow mountain, the smooth unlocking of the western fantasy continent, opening up a new map! ! ! ]

[The game is about to be updated, please take the player offline as soon as possible within 10 minutes, otherwise it will be forced to kick out! ! ! ]

Su Shi: "..." Wait, he is just a pro, as for such a big move? !





 A glimpse of the bulletin screen directly in front of every game player, they did not know how to react, the whole world was silent for a few seconds, then completely boiled.

Both the world channel and the player's splash screen are filled with all corners of the game world. However, this lively atmosphere has just been quarreled and forced to stop.

Because they only have ten minutes to share their excitement, to explore each other's huge changes in the game world, and they think that they only have ten minutes and Su Shi.

Su Shi’s mood is also very complicated. He really didn’t think that his actions would attract such a big response. He didn’t know what to say for a while, so he could only talk to the sky with complex feelings. "I may leave here later. I am afraid I can't stay with you for the time being. I guess I have to wait a few days to come back, but don't worry, just put things last night, I will come to you right away, you Don't worry about me, I am safe."

When the two were in the same time, Su Shi also left the game offline, and the sky did not ask the end, but this time the situation is obviously different.

The sky frowned and looked at Su Shi: "Why are you leaving here?"

"Because..." When Su Shi left before, it was an excuse to have something to deal with. He had to leave for a while, and the sky did not ask too much. This time, the other side had to get to the bottom. For a time, Su Shi did not know that. How to explain, "Just leave a few days, I will come back."

The sky shook his head stubbornly: "I know where you are going, you have to leave before, I can't save you, but this time, you can stay here."

Su Shi squinted a little, and there was a thought in his mind: "Can I stay here?"

The sky nodded, and the eyes were serious with a slight expectation: "You have been like me, and you can stay here forever."

Although I don’t know what it means to be a **** in this game, after all, in the original story, I have never mentioned this aspect, and no game player has triggered this situation, but only from the words of the sky, Su You can also guess that after just the movement, your identity in the game should have undergone a qualitative change.

God will not be expelled from the game because God is the ruler of this continent.

As a game player, even if it is accepted as a husband with the **** of the East Magical Confucius, this rule may be determined by God itself, not the rule of the beginning of this East Magic continent.

There is also the existence of the Western Magical Continent. Although it has been mentioned in the original plot and the huge secret hidden behind this game, it does not say what the specific operation of unlocking the Western Magical Continent is.

However, since these things have already happened, it is not necessary to think about them. What matters is what will happen later.

Since Cang said that he does not need to leave the game, Su Shi naturally believes, and now does not think much, only relying on the heart of the sky: "I will not leave."

After Su Shi came here again, he has manually changed the game holographic cabin. According to the original family's family, the reason why the holographic cabin was not equipped before is because the family is worried that he is addicted to the game. Now Su Shi is coming, the problem is solved naturally. .

Ten minutes passed quickly, the game became more and more clean, and the remaining players became less and less. After ten minutes, only a few players were kicked out of the game, leaving only NPCs and monsters hold their positions, as well as the gods of the sky and Su Shi.

God, I think it is very enjoyable to think about it.

Su Shi took a hand and took the opportunity to ask: "Dear, do you know what happened to those announcements?"

"Know," Cang nodded, his eyes fixed on Su Shi's face. "But these questions can be said later. We have something we must do now."

Su Shi raised an eyebrow: "What must be done?"

"We have just married." Although the face was cold, the sky was actually a bit shy, and it was not too straightforward.

If it is in reality, there is no need for a hint of the sky, Su Shi must have thought of something, but here is the game world, and it is a very harmonious game world. In the rules of the game, certain things are not allowed. Su Shi I did not think in that direction.

Su Shi is rarely innocent and pure once: "What is it?"

The sky is a bit unhappy, how can he forget such an important thing?

"We should have a room." Cangwu cold face with a little accusation of a word, a word authentic, eyes still staring straight at Su Shi.

"..." Su Shi forced for a moment, then hesitated.

For the sky, this game world is indeed his real world. If you refuse or expose it directly, it seems a bit bad, but if you don’t say it, when the two want to take off their clothes, they find that the clothes can’t get down, it’s not very Hey?

This is a dilemma for Su Shi. It doesn't seem to be a good choice. He thinks about it and can only be as euphemistic as possible: "The sky is still in the daytime, I think..."

The next moment, the winds and clouds change, the sunset is in the mountains, the moon is out of the east, and the bright daytime turns into a night.

Su Shi: "..." Well, you are the owner of your site. I have no opinion, but is it really not too obvious?

And I really don't want to be jealous of you, but our current conditions really don't allow that.

Su Shi secretly took a deep breath and pretended to have nothing to say: "Do you know what is going on in the Western Magical Continent? After unlocking the Western Magical Continent, will the two continents be opposite? And you as the East Will the **** of the illusion of the mainland be affected?"

The sky continued to stare at Su Shi’s eyes, and no matter what the other party said, he stared at it with a sigh of relief, then briefly and insisted on the tunnel: “I want a cave.”

Su Shi: "..." I also want to break the room, but now we really can't make a room! (╯‵□')╯(┻━┻

However, the attitude of the sky is so firm. It is estimated that no matter what Su Shi said, it is impossible to change his determination to build a house. In desperation, Su Shi had to reach out and say: "Then let us go home first. Anyway, there are no other people. It is here."

With permission, the sky immediately took Su Shi’s waist and ran to the mansion. When he entered the door, he went straight to the bedroom of the two. Su Shi did not even have a chance to say a word in the whole process. He could only sneak in his heart. As a flower of Gaoling on a snowy mountain, is it really appropriate to be so interested in this kind of thing?

This should be considered a man to collapse?

Right? This must be a man who has collapsed. There is wood!

When the sky moves gently to put Su Shi on the bed, Su Shi has begun to think about how to comfort the first time to ask for such a request, and greet the lover whose tragic ending.

In such entangled thinking, Su Shi's clothes were slowly pulled away by the pale, pale, almost translucent fingers.

Pulled open...

opened……

Up...

Su Shi seems to hear the echo from his head, the voice is so ethereal and unreal.

"What's wrong?" The sky saw Su Shilu's sly expression, and some unhappyly pinched Su Shi's face. "You can't think of anything else."

"I didn't think about anything else, I just..." Suddenly I felt that I was just stupid about thinking about the problem, and... was it like a god, would he really be bloody?

The following facts prove that Su Shi really thinks too much again. Although the energy of the sky is really good, the Su Shi is no longer a mortal.

A **** is like this by another god. Even if the time will be long, the number will be many, the pattern will be many, and he will naturally not fall to his death.

However, when Su Shi finally realized this problem, the question he considered had already become, why was it so long after being tossed, I still did not die? _(:з"∠)_

And... this is not scientific at all!

Why can I do this kind of thing in the game!

"A Feng, are you awake?" The coffin held Su Shi and turned over, and the voice was full of meaning.

In this case, Su Shi can only squint and say: "Not yet."

There was a low laugh behind him, very low and pleasant: "A Feng is a little liar, but I like it."

"..." Su Shi felt that this word was not suitable for him at all. It seems that the lover from home has collapsed quite thoroughly. "I feel a little hungry. Let's go eat something first."

In this game, in order to improve the player's real experience, there will be a sense of hunger, and when you eat, you can taste it as you can in reality, but Su Shi is now a god, obviously not attached to this law. .

Cangwu knew that Su Shi would not be hungry, but he still prepared a lot of delicious food for him: "Well, I have already ordered the best restaurant in the main city to prepare the food. We will go straight."

Su Shi nodded silently, the lover is such a cow X, so that people do not need to open the mouth, you can directly command.

After a few days, Su Shi finally came down from the bed. It was really gratifying. Then when he finally got out of the house, he suddenly found out that there were a lot of people on the street.

So, in the few days he was lying in bed, the game has been updated?





 After sitting in the elegant room of the restaurant, Su Shi immediately opened the update panel, and then was fainted by the information coming from the tide.

13746 pieces of information, this figure is still quite scary.

Su Shi took a deep breath and first shielded the information from strangers. There were still 379 left. A total of eight people could send out so much information in a short time. Su Shi suddenly gave a glimpse of these lives. Feelings.

Su Shi also looked at the sending time of the news, some were sent today, and some were sent before the game update, but why did not receive a message before?

Su Shi looked at the sky with suspicion, and the sky was silently removed with a cup of tea, but the expression on his face was still cold.

Su Shi took a look at the sightlessness and opened the information one by one.

【Ladylike]

"Boss boss! Call the boss!"

"Boss, how do you become a god, ah ah ah ah!

"Boss???"

"Boss, you shouldn't be a god, just fly up?_(:з"∠)_"

"???"

"......... Is it really soaring?!"

"..."

[small jasper]

"Boss boss! Please explain!"

"Boss, you are actually getting married with the high people! You have become a relative!"

"Ah, ah, I want to blow up!!!"

"Boss boss, how did you change the rules of the game? It’s just amazing!"

"Boss, you are my idol, my benefactor!~(≧▽≦)/~"

"Boss, I want to go to Qiu Xiu, how do you feel?"

"Boss???"

"Boss, do you disagree with us?_(:з"∠)_"

"But I really like him, or I will not play with him and cry! QAQ"

"..."

【Yushu Linfeng]

"Boss, you are really amazing, it really is the great **** in the big god, I really did not follow the wrong person!"

"But how do you change the rules in the boss, how do you become a god? What is the ghost of the Western Magic?"

"Boss, have you played the game? Why don't you reply?"

"Boss, you don't think I'm dragging my legs, so don't you? Σ(°△°|||)_"

"Boss, don't be like this. Although I am really a dish, I can still run errands and work. Please don't abandon me! QAQ"

"..."

[I have a little secret]

"Congratulations to the boss, to be crowned with God! To celebrate the whole day, the whole country is happy!"

"Well, the two bosses really match, congratulations!"

"Boss! Do you know how many people apply for our gang now? My Scorpio! I can't believe my eyes!"

"... boss, are you really not curious at all? You are so unresponsive, it really makes me feel a sense of accomplishment! "

"Well, I still tell you the boss. Now there are more than a thousand people who have applied to join our gang. Is it a surprise? Is it unexpected? Is it cool?"

"How old are you still not responding? Although I know that this is the credit of your two bosses, but as a gang elder, I am happy to be happy, why should I ignore me?/(ㄒoㄒ)/~ ~"

"Two thousand! Boss! Just over 2,000 people have joined the gang, in the end plus or not? Plus not? Boss, you are back, I am in a hurry..."

"..."

Su Shi: "..."

At this time, the food was just on the table, and the sky was revisited to Su Shi: "First eat."

Su Shi said that he agreed to nod. He said that he was quite a bit gnashing: "Well, after eating, if you are full, you will have the strength to seriously settle accounts."

Cangwu did not understand anything as he did. He was very active and enthusiastic in helping Su Shi to pick up the vegetables. Su Shi was also very calm, but the account should still be counted.

After dinner, Su Shi’s first sentence was very serious: “Why should I block my information acquisition system?”

Cangwu felt that he could be wronged, but his face was still maintaining his character. He raised his hand and touched Su Shi’s head. The sound of clear sound did not seem to be different from before. In fact, it was guilty and wronged: "At that time we just got married, but you always think of other people."

As a lover of the sky, Su Shi naturally would not be able to hear the little emotions of his lover. Even if he was still annoyed, he had been doing it for so long, and blocked his information, but he was somewhat soft.

In the face of his lover, Su Shi is really getting softer and softer: "I will forgive you for the time being, but it is not an example, do you know?"

"Yeah." The voice of the sky immediately became brisk, although other people may have heard it, and they were completely unaware of this.

Immediately after the two talked about the business, Su Shi asked: "How much information do you know about the Western Magic?"

The sky sighed and was unpredictable: "The place should have been buried in the snow before, and now I don't know why I can see the sky again. It is a blessing or a curse. I don't know."

Su Shi knows that Cang will not lie to him, and then asks: "What about the gods, what is going on?"

The sky is as truthful: "I am not a god, I am the master of the East Magic continent, and now you are also the owner of the East Magic continent."

On the surface of Su Shi’s face, she was relieved of her temperament, but she was still relieved. Before that, he was still worried that after this incident, the lover would think of something that should not be remembered. Now it seems that he should be more concerned.

After letting go of his heart, Su Shi took the sky and left the restaurant, and then took a coordinate in the gang.

Su bombing the sky: "All collections! Coordinates (XX, YY)."

Because there is no permission from Su Shi, although many people have applied to join the gang, they have not been passed, so there are still only ten people in the entire gang.

Su Shi’s voice immediately led to the repeated bombing of other people.

I am a bug: "Hi big P Ben! I am so weeping! I love to hear it! Boss finally comes out finally!"

Why worry about it: "Boss, I am here!"

Everyone shows: "Come on, boss waiting for me!"

Xiaojiabiyu: "Boss, I have decided to kiss Yuxiu, and he agreed."

Yushu Linfeng: "WTF? You two demons are going to be married? This is this... wrong, this is not the point, the point is, boss, you didn't dislike me, right? Right? Right?"

......

Five minutes later, all the members of the gang appeared in the coordinates. Eight people looked at the aliens and watched the hunter’s service. They changed into a flowing white Su Shi. They forgot all the time. .

Su Shi smirked the wide sleeves with a little laugh: "What's wrong? Although I changed my clothes, I shouldn't change my face?"

Eight people came back to this, and they talked openly.

"Boss, you actually turned into a god, it is so cool!"

"Boss, do you know what the West Magic Land has opened? There are already many people who are going to go there to open up wasteland, and they don't know what it will look like."

"Boss, you and the Supreme now look really good, all wearing white clothes, they are all so beautiful, so powerful."

......

Su Shi waved his hand and waited for a few people to be quiet. Then he said: "I don't know what the Western Magic is like. If you are curious, you can go there and see, but it is best not to provoke. Strangers, after all, the situation is unknown, and no one knows what dangers are hidden there."

Blowing and blowing the cow: "Is that boss going with us? I think it should be fun? After all, it is the New World, maybe there will be many treasures hidden."

Why worry about it: "I also think it will be very interesting. From the name, I know that it should be completely Western-style, just the opposite."

Everyone said: "Let's go team together, just go see the scenery."

Xiaojiabiyu: "Yu Xiu said to go there."

"Let's go, I won't go," Su Shi said, waving his hand and explaining to the sky. "We have just married, and we are still in the honeymoon period and need to be alone."

I heard that a few people who wanted to persuade a few more words suddenly stopped talking. Since the Western Magical Land has already appeared, it will definitely not disappear in a short time, but the honeymoon is such a time, of course, it must be better.

Several people's eyes turned around in Su Shi and Cangwu, and they jumped over the issue and continued to discuss other issues.

The sky was standing behind Su Shi, and there was no opening. His eyes were always on Su Shi.

I have a little secret: "Yes, boss, gang, what do you think?"

The gang's affairs, Su Shi had already considered it before, but the things that made the family at that time made such a big move, and then they were dragged by the sky, and they were powerless, and they dragged things to the present.

Su Shi turned his head and looked at the sky: "Can you help me to adjust a few people and check those who apply for gangs?"

What Su Shi said is a few people, obviously not for the game players to do this, but for those NPCs under the rule of the sky.

In this game, although NPC looks like a puppet, it can help a lot of things that players can't do.

For example, when a player applies to join a gang, check the person's daily performance and determine his character and strength, which can save a lot of trouble in advance.

Although Su Shi really intends to dominate the game in this game, but did not want to bully the weak like [floating dreams], after all, that kind of behavior is really too boring for Su Shi.

What Su Shi wants is to let all the people in the game pay homage to him and treat him as a super god. Of course, if you can abuse a few slags, it would be better.

The sky does not say anything to promise: "Okay."

At the moment, I heard two sounds. Su Shi looked at the information. Two people have joined the gang and become the elders of the gang. They have the right to add new members.

Everyone: "..." stunned.jpg

Just this person seems to have done nothing? So how did the two people add in? How did this position be given? This is not scientific at all!

Su Shi calmly said: "This problem has been solved. Do you have anything else?"

Several people reluctantly returned to God, and finally pressed down the shock and deep admiration in their hearts. They were preparing to speak, but they saw Su Shi’s sudden change of face and slightly squinted: "Sorry, I suddenly have something, may have to leave first. For a while."

A few people are somewhat puzzled. This is too sudden. It is clear that there is nothing left. How come suddenly?

The sky’s gaze flashed slightly. I didn’t even ask anything this time. I just said, “I am waiting for you to come back.”

"Reassure, I will be back soon." Su Shi's situation this time is obviously very urgent. He only had time to show a soothing smile to the sky, and the next moment has disappeared.





 The reason why Su Shi suddenly chose to go offline is that he did not choose to take the initiative, but someone forced him to kneel down.

The holographic game compartment is not only highly stable, but also very functional. If someone finds it in the real world, or if there is a call, the holographic game compartment will give a reminder.

Of course, there is another situation. If someone wants to force the power of the holographic game compartment to be turned off, the person in the holographic game compartment will be forced to kneel down. This operation is dangerous and may even have a body. Damaged.

At this time, Su Shi was forced to pull down the line in this way.

When he sat up from the holographic game compartment, there was a moment of dizziness in his head, and then he heard the quarrel from the room.

"Liu Cheng! Do you know what you are doing? Do you know how dangerous it is to do this? He is your son, how can you do this to him?!" The latest is a woman with a crying voice. Su Shi had been with this person for a while before, and soon recognized that the voice came from the mother of the original Lord Lin Ruru.

Then there was a man who violently thundered: "Lin Yan, if you give me a shut up! I don't have such a bad son, even my own sister is not let go, he still can't do anything!"

Lin Shuru’s voice became sharper and choked: “What sister! I only have Xiaofeng’s son. He has never had any sister! Liu Cheng, what are you doing outside, I can leave it, but don’t take your distress. Things are in front of your son, you don't have this qualification!"

Being accused of this, Liu Cheng couldn't help but have a short breath, but thought of the true love that lingered in his arms and the rain, and the well-behaved daughter who had not been able to make a hand in a few short days, Liu Cheng's momentum immediately came back: "Do you dare to talk about me? If you don't know how to educate your children, will Xiaofeng become like this?"

"As a father of Xiaofeng, have you taken care of him?" Lin Shuru was directly fainted by Liu Cheng. She thought she had already seen the true face of this man, but she was still disgusted by the performance of the other party. A hand, "You are the least qualified to blame me!"

Liu Cheng grabbed Lin Shuru’s non-emphasis and emphasized: “You also know that I am Xiaofeng’s father. As a father to discipline his son, is there any problem?”

Su Shi listened for a while, seeing Lin Biaoru almost had to be biased by Liu Cheng, and had to open his eyebrows and said: "Mom, I seem a little uncomfortable."

When Lin Biao heard Su Shi’s voice, he immediately changed his look and quickly came over: “Xiao Feng? Where do you feel uncomfortable? It doesn’t matter, is it just that your father forced the game cabin to be closed and hurt you?”

Su Shi stunned Liu Cheng with a cold voice. "Is he really my father?"

Lin Biaoru stunned and realized that Liu Feng might have heard the quarrel between her and Liu Cheng. She opened her mouth for a while but didn’t know what to say.

Although Lin Biaoru has always known the things Liu Cheng did outside, and often quarreled with the other party, she has been concealing Liu Feng because she did not want Liu Feng to suffer any harm because of this incident.

Lin Shuru’s original intention was certainly good, but the result was exactly the opposite of what she expected. Liu Feng was not only deceived by his half-sister, but also was driven out of the house, and he had to bear such disgusting charges in his life.

The reality is like this. Sometimes your heart is good, but you may instead do something that hurts the other person.

Su Shi is very clear about Lin’s thoughts. He will not blame the original owner, but he will not continue to condone Lin’s thoughts. This kind of harming one’s own thoughts is naturally removed early.

"Mom, is this person really my father?" Su Shi’s voice sounded calm, but it was hidden from sadness and disappointment. "As a father, it will really be indiscriminate. Is the crime imposed on his son?"

Seeing this incident has been concealed, Lin Biao can only sigh heavily, covering his face and whispering: "Xiao Feng, my mother did not protect you."

"Mom, this has nothing to do with you. The person who is derailed in marriage is not you. It is not you who just forced to close the game holographic cabin. It is not you who add the crime of non-existence to your son, so you don't need to apologize. Su Shi raised his hand and took the arm of Lin Shuru, and he calmed the road.

Being comforted by his son in turn, Lin Biaoru couldn’t help but whisper and cry, like a string that had been stretched for a long time, suddenly broken.

Hearing Lin’s crying, Liu Chengcai recovered from the shock of Liu Feng’s performance and despised Liu Feng: “Do you treat your father with such an attitude?!”

"Although there is indeed a blood relationship between me and you, I should call you a father, but for a demarcation in marriage, I will give birth to my daughter with Xiaosan, and at the same time ignore the original and original son, and even add more blame, and try to go to my own son. I can't tell the father who is pouring dirty water on my body." Su Shi snorted and looked at Liu Cheng with a thick accusation. "You don't deserve to be a father, nor a husband. I am really disappointed with you."

This straightforward and powerful accusation almost made Liu Cheng utterly speechless. At the same time, he was inexplicably guilty. He could only hold a father’s shelf and continue to accuse Su Shi: "You are a villain! You have done something wrong, Actually, I still blame my father in the end, trying to get away with it, you just let me down!"

Su Shi was not irritated by Liu Cheng’s words, but gradually calmed down his emotions and looked up and said: “Since you said that because I did something wrong, you will force my game compartment to close, and say this. Kind of hurting me, then please tell me what I did wrong?"

Watched by such a pair of black and white clear scorpions, even Liu Cheng, who is the original father, has some scornful eyes, but his tone is still vocal: "Do you already know the existence of Jin Jin? Already?"

"Do you mean the illegitimate daughter of the little three students? She will be Liu Jinjin? I really know her existence." Su Shi nodded frankly.

"Sure enough, you!" Seeing Liu Feng even admitted directly, Liu Cheng’s fire suddenly came up again. "How can you make such excessive things for your sister? I know that your mother has been negligent about you. Discipline, but did not expect her to teach you such a bad temper!"

When Lin Biao, who was crying for a while, heard Liu Cheng accused Liu Feng of blaming Liu Feng, he suddenly said: "What happened to Xiao Feng? Why do you say that? You don't have this qualification at all!"

Su Shi didn't want Lin Biao to interrupt his rhythm and patted Lin Ruru's hand to appease: "Mom, since my father said that I did something wrong, I naturally have to know where I am wrong. If I did nothing wrong, then Let him know that it is not so easy to give his son a must-have crime, because it will really hurt me, so wait for us to make things clear first?"

Lin Shuru looked at Su Shi with a distressed look, and finally nodded: "Mom believes you must have done nothing wrong."

"Thank you, Mom is willing to believe me," Su said with a slight smile, and turned to look at Liu Chengdao again. "I already know the existence of Liu Jinjin. Then, can the father explain the words? What am I doing wrong? Will the father be angry to this extent?"

Seeing Su Shi’s attitude is so calm, Liu Cheng can’t help but be uncertain for a moment, but thinking of her daughter’s sluggish appearance in the past few days, anger suddenly suppressed this uncertainty: “I actually bullied my sister in the game. It is also threatening her to let her out of the game. Isn't that what you did?"

Su Shi immediately replied: "Of course not."

Liu Cheng was suddenly stunned and turned to be more annoyed: "How can these things not be done by you? Who else will do this except you?!"

Su Shi is not humble and honest: "Since I have denied it, my father still firmly believes that I have done this kind of thing, then the father should have mastered the exact evidence? Do not know if the father can take the evidence in your hand Come out and show it to me? Let me know clearly when I did this kind of thing."

Liu Cheng certainly has no evidence, but he does not feel that his words are wrong: "Who else will do this kind of thing? You should not argue again!"

"So the father meant, even if you didn't see the evidence at all, have you decided to unilaterally convict me?" Su Shi reluctantly sighed. "Since the father has decided not to rely on the evidence to directly convict me, I am afraid How can I justify that my father will not change his mind?"

Liu Cheng snorted and showed his attitude.

On the side of Lin Biao, if I heard this, some of them couldn’t help but want to open their mouths, but they were held down by Su Shi.

"I already know your father's thoughts. If I don't say anything, I just want to show my father something." Su Shi shook his head a little regret, and then decisively took out his hand. A glimpse of evidence.

Just like the scene played in the game, just watching the object from the group of players in the game, became the original father and Liu Jinjin's biological father.

Without a little defense, Liu Cheng was stunned by the pictures he saw.

When all the evidence is fully presented, Liu Cheng’s expression is close to epilepsy, and the pictures he sees must be fake.

How can this person who makes such a disgusting thing in order to retaliate against his half-brother, who is his well-informed daughter? !

"This...this is impossible!" Liu Chengyu's goose bumps came out.

"You don't think it's impossible or important. It's important that I think it's necessary for us to talk about your divorce with your mother now." Su Shi put away the evidence and calmly said, "If you don't want it." These evidences that you think are impossible, and the videos I just recorded are published."





 With Su Shi’s temper, how can he let such a person speak out in front of himself? He just wanted to grasp the exact evidence first and accurately kill the person directly.

Speaking of scumming face, Su Shi naturally likes to directly crush in various aspects, but he is not a person who ignores the overall situation. Liu Cheng is the biological father of the original owner, and is the legal husband of Lin Ruru. Turning, Su Shi naturally can also abuse him into slag, but it is not comparable to let him and Lin Biao like divorce, lose his custody, and then throw him off the dust.

As for the reason, Lin Yuru and Liu Cheng are more fierce before the divorce, which will make Liu Cheng more disgusted with the mother and daughter. In this way, even if he is shot dead in the future, he will blame all of this in Lin Biaoru. And myself, not the little three and Liu Jinjin.

However, if the two people are divorced, the fault is all his, and Lin Shuru and Su Shi have not had a big noise. Liu’s achievements will not be apparent on the surface, and they will definitely feel guilty, not to mention the divorce. The direct cause is still in Liu Jinjin's body.

Sometimes, letting the slags bite their own dogs is far more fun and dramatic than shooting them directly.

Of course, there is another reason why the proportion is very small. It is in the body of Lin Biaoru. Although Su Shi’s feelings for this person are not deep, Lin Biao really loves the original owner, and he really feels that his choice is good for the original owner. In this case, Su Shi does not mind to let this person suffer a little bit less.

"As long as you divorce your mother, I will not announce these things." Su Shi looked directly at Liu Cheng and said with a serious expression. "After Liu Jinjin appeared, I have already thought about things very clearly. You have betrayed your mother and betrayed the family, then the family has no need to continue to exist."

Speaking of this, Su Shi turned to look at Lin Biaoru, whose emotions were close to collapse. She patted her shoulders comfortably. "Mom, I didn't tell you about this before because I thought you didn't know these. I am afraid that you will not be able to bear it after you know it, but now it seems that you should have known about the father’s derailment. Mom, how are you so stupid? Since you already know, why have you never told me? Even father Don't be us, you still have me, am I a little child in your heart?"

When I was touched, I immediately let Lin Biao scream at the collapse of Su Shi. She wanted to speak a few times, but she cried so much that she couldn’t speak. She could only force Su Shi.

Su Shi’s heart was actually a little disgusting, but after thinking about it, he still didn’t push Lin Biaoru, but he reached out and patted him on the back of Lin’s back.

As for Liu Cheng, at this time he did not know what to say. Before he thought that Su Shi first provoked bullying of Liu Jinjin, he dared to shut down Su Shi’s game holographic cabin and came to trouble, but now the evidence is In front of him, the person being bullied is not Liu Jinjin, but Su Shi, who has just been accused by his roar, so what else can he say?

It is true that his heart is still very annoyed at the moment, but this anger is completely untenable. He is a man who is derailed in marriage and can’t always keep his eyes on the evidence. Do you blame the innocent son?

Of course, Lin Biao’s huge cry is also one of the reasons why he is difficult to open. Although this woman has shed tears in front of him, she cried so badly that she was still the first time. This kind of hard crying shocked Liu Cheng, my heart. Inexplicably a little illusory.

Seeing him here is not a half-word, Su Shi said: "The situation is very clear now, I think you will agree to divorce your mother? For those things you have done before, I don't want to Do more evaluation, just hope that from now on, you should not bother me and my mother's life, nothing more."

On the calm and clear eyes of his son, Liu’s achievements are tempered and he can’t even come out. He can only scream with indignation: “I will send the divorce agreement.”

After that, Liu Cheng was embarrassed to escape.

For Liu Cheng, there is still a bit of shame. After seeing the evidence, he continues to swear. Su Shi is still somewhat surprised, but it is a good thing for him and there is no opinion to publish.

It’s just that Lin Biao, who is still holding his own, is quite helpless. After Liu Cheng’s departure, Lin Ruru cried for a while, and finally he didn’t cry. He began to pull himself and said that between mother and child. The body's own words, Su Shi said that he wanted to directly remove people.

But in the end, Su Shi still didn't do this. He even spent a full four hours listening to Lin Shuru saying some words over and over again. In the process, Lin Biao fell at least seven times and made Su Shi exhausted. I feel so tired, well, except for that kind of thing.

After he finally sent Lin Ruru away, it was about six hours later. Su Shi looked at the time and simply ate a meal before he re-entered the game.

I thought that in just six hours, there was no change in the game, but who knows that when he finds the sky, he has one more person.

This person is male, it seems to be the player in the game, but it is absolutely impossible to play the game character on the East Magic continent, because he is obviously wearing Western-style aristocratic clothing.

Before he was able to figure out the identity of this person, the sky had come over with no expression, and took Su Shi’s hand and walked forward.

The man behind him immediately followed up with a slap in the face: "Cang, you wait, the words I just said to you are true, you have to believe me."

This made Su Shi look inexplicably and looked back at the man. This is the third person in this game who can shout out the words "Cangwu", which makes Su Shi feel very unhappy because he has been faint I guessed something possible.

The sky was like nothing, and Su Shi took a quick walk. Although the expression on his face did not seem to change, Su Shi could clearly feel that he was very unhappy now.

Although this kind of thought is not kind, but realizes that the lover is really unhappy because of the appearance of this man, Su Shi really feels more comfortable, he is in a good mood to the sky: "Who is he? Why do you want to follow you?"

"I don't know him, but I can't beat him." The voice of the sky was unhappy.

Hearing the answer of the sky, Su Shi’s gaze flashed, and his guess in his heart had already been answered.

How can a person who can't even get rid of the sky, maybe a normal player?

Su Shi suddenly stopped and pulled the road to the sky: "You wait, I have something to say to this person."

The sky immediately frowned. "Do you know him? I don't like him, I don't want you to talk to him."

"Of course I don't know him, but you are my lover, but he has been entangled with you. How can I not care about this?" Su Shi smiled and patted the back of the hand, and calmed, "I just want to tell." He is in our relationship and hopes that he will not continue to entangle you."

This made the sky feel very comfortable, holding Su Shi’s hand and moving it to Su Shi’s shoulder: “Okay.”

When the two men talked, the man had already chased him up and saw the current position of the sky and Su Shi. The man’s gaze was clearly awkward: "Cang, can we say a few words alone?"

"No," these words are spit out from Su Shi's mouth. In this case, of course, he can't let his lover run to talk to a man who is not doing anything against her. This situation does not exist. "I will introduce myself first. My name is Su Bian Cang, it is a lover of the sky. We are already married. I don't know who you are?"

Upon hearing this news, the man did not show any surprise, but his eyes were more gloomy. He stared at the sky and said: "My name is Luran."

Luran’s performance is obviously that he hopes to see from the face of the sky, his subtle reaction after hearing the two words, but the result is destined to disappoint him, because the sky does not even have a little reaction.

"Do you really remember me?" Luran smiled bitterly, and the voice was full of bitterness.

Su Shi thought for a moment and sneaked a sigh: "You are too strange to be this person? Just grab a stranger and ask if the other person doesn't remember you. It's not that you are just picking up. No matter what your purpose, I have to tell you one thing clearly. The sky is my lover, and only the person may be mine. Do you understand?"

Lu Yan’s eyes stared at Su Shi in a depressed way. After half a ring, he gnashed his teeth and said: “If he had a loved one before?”

Su Shi deliberately misinterpreted the meaning of Lu Ran and smiled and said: "You are right in this regard. He used to have a lover, and that person has always been me, and our fate is more than a lifetime. I and he both I have already talked about the love of Jiusheng IX. I will continue to talk about it in the future. Are you satisfied with this answer?"

I didn’t expect that this person would say such words so thickly, and Lu’s face was so angry that he wanted to hit people directly.

After hearing this, the sky asked seriously: "A Feng, are you telling the truth?"

"Of course it is true," Su Shi took the hand of the sky, his voice was smiling, but his tone was very solemn. "We have known each other for a long time, but you just forget the things that have happened in the past, but you will not remember me. But it doesn't matter. I have found you again now. Whether you remember me or not, I will definitely find you and become your lover again."





 Su Shi’s remarks were indeed true, but when he listened to Lu, it made him look a little bit different, as if he had been peeked into the deepest secrets of his heart, and at the same time he was touched by the scales. Especially angry.

Su Shi naturally saw his expression changes in his eyes, and he only saw nothing when he did anything. He smiled and said to the sky: "Dear, let's go."

After listening to Su Shi’s words, the heart of the sky was so soft that it didn’t even look at Lu’s eyes. He directly took Su Shi’s handcuffs and left. The destination was naturally the home of the two in the game. What they are going to do, others will not know.

Luran looked at the back of the sky and stood in the place for a long time. He could already confirm that the person who was next to the sky must have known the things between him and the sky. He couldn’t think of how this person knew it. What is his identity?

After pondering for a while, Lu Ran just lifted his feet and left. It seems that there have been many things happening in the past few years. It is necessary for him to check it out.

As for Su Shi on the other side, as soon as he returned to the house, he was taken to the bed by the sky. He didn't have time to think about it until the expression was condensed, and the warm-hearted sky finally let him go. Su Shi took the opportunity. Called the ball.

"Hosted adults, what are you told?" The ball floated there.

Su Shi squatted: "That Luran, is the person who designed the East Magic continent?"

According to the information found, the ball said: "Yes, he is the main designer of the map of the East Magic continent. However, in the original plot, this person did not enter the game world at this time, so his appearance should be because of the snow mountain. Melting, opened a new map."

"This way," Su Shi slightly narrowed his eyes, with a hint of insidious malice in his voice. "Since it was his own hands, what qualifications are there to get back? The one I hate most is this kind of person. Can you stop him from appearing in the game?"

The ball swayed, and it was a bit difficult: "This is a bit difficult. As a designer of the East Magic continent, it can even be regarded as a creator. It is difficult for us to completely expel him, because for this game, he is also A tool for cheating."

Su Shi lie on the bed, after a moment of silence, he said: "Then let the sky get out of the game as soon as possible, into reality, I am ready for you, are you ready?"

The ball nodded again and again: "It is ready, because this is the mission world, there should be no problems."

"Well, you can continue to accompany your black egg." Su Shi slowly closed his eyes and waved his hand.

After the ball disappeared, Su Shi was still thinking about the plot. Although in the original plot, the snow mountain in the game did not melt, the western fantasy continent was not opened, but when introducing the game, it was background. The way is simple to introduce the reasons for this game.

There used to be a pair of lovers, they all loved the game. After learning the superb skills, the two decided to design a game that was ingenious.

But in the early days of this incident, the two had a big dispute. They preferred the mysterious fantasy world in history, a western world that favored the rich colors.

Because of such a huge disagreement, this matter had to stop temporarily. This should have been a setback between the two on the road ahead. It should be overcome soon, but it became an unsolvable problem because of an accident.

One of the lovers was suddenly discovered by the family with a long-lost secret and was forcibly taken away from the country and went abroad.

It happened so suddenly that the two had no time to cope and they had to be separated from each other.

After the lover's departure, the other of the lovers did not give up the common dreams of the two before, and he took the initiative to give up his previous insistence and set the background of the game in the medieval Western world.

In the next five years, he waited for the return of his lover, led the team to design and develop the game, and finally pushed the game out at the end of the fifth year.

Because the talent is very good, and because of the good intentions, the game is very uncommon after being launched, and not only is loved by domestic gamers, but also attracts many foreign players.

This made him very happy to design the game, but just as he was full of joy and ready to tell the lover who was hiding abroad for five years of surprises and secrets, he suddenly got the news that his lover would step into The hall of marriage, and the object of marriage is an elegant Western lady.

This news is no different from the blue sky for him. The joy brought by the fiery game has all been washed away, leaving only a bleak and awkward.

It’s been a long time in five years. It can make a well-designed game come out smoothly, and it can make your lover go farther and farther away from him, so far he can’t get back.

If this is the case, this is just a tragic love affair that makes people sigh. When the lover is returning, the poor man will only wait for the news that the lover is about to get married. Under the heartache, he decided to attend the wedding of the lover. At the same time end your own past.

However, on the way to the wedding of lovers, he accidentally suffered a car accident and became a vegetative person.

This incident came too suddenly, but it did not prevent his lover from continuing to enter the marriage hall. Everything seemed to have been frozen. Until half a year later, his lover accidentally learned about the existence of the game and knew that this was him. It took five years to exhaust all the games that were designed specifically for his lover.

Until then, his lover looked at him who was still sleeping in the hospital bed, and finally felt deeply regretted, and as time went on, this kind of confession and apology became deeper and deeper, and he almost suffered from it.

It is also in this case that his lover has done what he has been doing for the past five years.

His lover spent three years designing a game in a fantasy background. The player's career in the game was all mentioned by him. Even the ultimate boss was conceived by him.

Whoever transports Qiankun Taoyegong, casts a double sword and leans against the sky.

His weapon should be a sword, a sword that is cold and cold, a sword that can pierce people's hearts and make people feel uncomfortable...

After the most self-toring memories and the most deliberate sketches, the character [Cangwu] finally appeared, but this word has become a taboo in this game.

His lover put this character in the westernmost part of the East Fantasy continent, where there is a huge snowy mountain where no one will appear.

After the game was launched, it was also a hit, attracting countless players into the illusory world.

But he never woke up, and he didn’t know what happened in the past three years. He was so asleep, neither knowing what his former lover had done or what the game looked like. .

Until three years later...

His brain cells suddenly showed irreversible death and became more and more intense.

In this bad situation, his lover struggled and eventually had to take a very risky approach, completely copying his brain shape and moving to a virtual character.

The sky, the one that pinned the lover's almost all the blood, except that it can not exist in reality, is almost equivalent to tailor-made for him.

His lover gave all the privileges of the sky, making him the **** of the East Fantasy continent, allowing him to control everything here and change all the rules.

After making this decision, his lover combined the two games into one. The East Fantasy continent is adjacent to the West Fantasy continent, separated by a snow-capped mountain that cannot be crossed, and on the snow-capped mountain, only the sky. One person stands there.

In the beginning, his lover will also enter the game, want to tell the sky what happened in the past few years, telling the depression and remorse of his heart, but every time will be ruthlessly driven by the insult of the ultimate boss.

His lover eventually had to accept this cruel reality. Although his brain was copied in his mind, the sky was doomed to be not him.

Over time, his lover probably finally gave up, he will not appear in this game again, only in the dream to remember those who have been beautiful.

Until one day, the snow-capped mountains melted, and the two continents were connected to each other. As a night, it seemed as if the heavens and the earth had changed.

Some people think that his lover has awakened in this game world, so he re-entered the game and wanted to determine this guess, but the result was very sad.

The sky did not restore the memory he should recover, but he came together with another game player, and they even turned out to be a relative.

At the moment of learning about this, Luran didn't even know whether he should cry or laugh. Maybe he shouldn't have hope from the beginning, because this is hopeless, but he can't help but think, since The snow-capped mountains will melt, isn't it enough to show that the sky has awakened that only humans will have the emotions?

So maybe he just refuses to remember who he is because he is still blaming himself.

Although there is infinite pain in my heart, Lu’s idea is still a little bit biased towards the side of hope. As long as the lover can regain the human feelings, this is the best news for him, isn’t it?

As long as you try to be good to him, he will remember his own one day, he will remember it...





 If Su Shi knows Lu’s thoughts, he will open his own ten-level taunting skills and ridicule the other party to the outside of the game. He even wants his lover to remember him. Is it not good at all?

For such a surface to look very affectionate, in fact, the **** residue in the end of the slag, it should be a direct kick, kill him!

Su Shi was thinking so indignantly that the sky had come in from outside, and he had a tray in his hand with simple meals on it.

"What are you thinking?" The coffin put down the food and went to the bed to sit down.

Su Shi took over and licked the arm of the sky, spoiled like: "I miss you, when I think that I am not there, will you not be able to hold it for a while, and be turned away by others?"

The sky touched Su Shi’s hair, and the movement was very gentle. The voice was very serious: “No, because I can’t hold it until I face you.”

With such awkward tone to say such awkward love words, Su Shi could not hold it anymore. He pulled the collar of the sky and gave the other party a warm and deep kiss without restraint.

When Su Shiyi was still trying to let go of her lover, she saw the green eyes of the lover’s eyes unabashedly. Su Shi’s conditional reflection was tight, and she was busy retracting into the bed: “I am hungry, I want to eat. thing."

"I am also hungry." The crooked throat rolled and stared at Su Shi.

Su Shi feels that her waist is more sore, but maybe he should have more and more lover in the game, or wait until the real world, his body can not afford such high-intensity exercise.

But even if he thought about it, Su Shi did not immediately let his lover succeed. It didn't take long before he started, but he couldn't let his lover develop such bad habits.

Although the sky is green, it is impossible to really force Su Shi. Now, when he personally helps him put on his clothes, he simply ate something with him.

When the two were about to eat, Su Shi said with a discretion: "Dear, have you ever thought that I suddenly disappeared before, and when those who left before, where did they go?"

The sky was lifted and looked at Su Shi. After a moment of silence, the words were amazing: "Another world."

Su Shi was shocked by the answer of the sky, and his tone was somewhat unstable: "Another world? How do you think so?"

"Because when you leave, I can't feel your breath," the sky looked at Su Shi's eyes with a persistent look, with a touch of loss and fear in his tone. "At that time, I couldn't feel your breath at all." You are like disappearing directly."

This made Su Shi’s heart hurt, and he almost forgot. His lover is the master of this East Magic continent, and he has absolute control over the people and things here.

How can a lover not be aware of it when he leaves here? He just never said it.

Su Shi took the hand of the sky with a distressed heart: "Dear, you have to believe me, I will not leave you."

The sky was holding the hand of Su Shi, and some force: "I know, because you are back."

Su Shi blinked his eyes and said softly: "Have you ever thought about what the world I went to?"

The sky shook his head: "I don't know, but I want to know, will you tell me?"

In the heart of the sky, he and Su Shi have never belonged to the same world. He does not even know what his loved one is like in another world, and what kind of things he is doing, which makes him feel a little uneasy.

Even if he is the **** of this world, what can he do? Without the person he loves, everything loses its meaning.

"Of course, we will live together in that world in the future. Of course you need to know what the world looks like." Su Shi nodded.

These words made the eyes of the sky slam, and the invisible expressions on the face followed a few points: "Let's live together?"

"Yeah, don't you want to give up the gods of this world, don't you want to accompany me to the world?" Su Shi asked with a slight squint and smiled.

The sky grabbed Su Shi’s hand and solemnly said: “I am willing.”

Then Su Shi and the sky talked about the real things, what the world looks like, what he looks like in the world, and what their future looks like.

The sky was very serious and very careful. As if through Su Shi, he had already seen the future of the two, so beautiful and bright.

Su Shi’s mood is also very good. He was worried that it would take a lot of thoughts to raise the issue smoothly. It’s difficult to accept the sky, but he didn’t expect things to go so smoothly.

Then the next thing is much simpler, they can live together in the real world, or they can swim together in the game, no matter when, they will not be separated.

Probably because the positive impact of this incident on Su Shi is too great, even when he receives a private chat from [Yushu Linfeng], when people who say "Floating Dreams" come to find 茬, want to destroy their gang buildings Su Shi’s mood was not compromised.

Since someone came to find the embarrassment, or the old acquaintance, Su Shi naturally had to treat him well, so Su Shi only returned four words: "Bear them."

Since the last round of the whirlwind incident, the people of [Floating Dreams] have become more honest, and the number of the so-called first gang gang has dropped to less than 500 in a short period of time, but Their recruiting ability is very strong, hanging the name of the first gang, and in a few days, they have rushed to more than a thousand.

Probably because there are too many newcomers, and the gangs of this gang have long been used to bullying, they will regroup so quickly after the humiliation, and put the object of bullying on [Qi Tian Ge].

They are very courageous, and they are destined to die very badly. Because Su Shi said that they are killing them, it is not to kill one thing, but to continue his previous style and to turn all those who are looking for things.

However, this time Su Shi did not intend to let the lover do it again. Anyway, he did not intend to watch it in the past. It didn't matter long after a long time, so let those NPCs serve it.

After letting the sky tell the story, Su Shi planned to take him out to go shopping, but unexpectedly, they met Lu Ran again.

Su Shi is mentally prepared to meet this person, or it should be said that he is looking for a chance to abuse the slag.

Lu Ran is obviously prepared, and the bag is in his hand: "The sky, this is the crystal I collected for you. Have you always liked collecting crystals all the time? These are for you."

Said, Lu smiled and reached out and looked at the sky seriously.

Su Shi glanced at the sky and took the bag from Luran’s hand. Then he smiled and said: “Since you have taken the initiative, then we just have to make it clear? I hope that you will not entangle the sky again, because he already There is a lover, and that person is me, understand?"

Lu’s eyes looked at Su Shi in a dull manner, clenching his fists. “He really thinks that you are his lover, but only now, because he lost his memories, do you understand?”

"I understand, but what about it? Even if he really forgot me, it is still my lover," Su Shi deliberately misinterpreted the meaning of Lu Ran. He knew that Lu Ran said that he wanted to bury himself in his heart. A suspected seed, how could he let the other party do what he wants? "It is Mr. Lu. Since you have done something wrong, you shouldn’t have any extravagance because you are the least qualified person to appear in front of him. Do you understand?"

Lu Ran’s heart was awkward and inexplicably scared. This person really knew the past, but even so, Luran still insisted on calmly saying: “I don’t understand what you are saying, I only know that I was the closest to him. The lover will be like this in the future, and you, you are just a passer in his life... Hey!"

When Lu Ran’s words were not finished, he suddenly squirted a blood, and the whole person took two steps uncontrollably and almost fell directly.

"Cang, you actually hurt me for him?" Luran's eyes were so big that he couldn't believe what happened in front of him. "Did you forget? I am your lover! You spend for me. It took five years to design..."

"Shut up!" The sky was low and the voice was cold. "I know who your lover is, but I am not him. My lover has only one from beginning to end, it is him."

When he said this, the sky slightly grabbed Su Shi’s shoulder and his eyes were deep.

Su Shi turned his head and looked at the sky in a strange way. Does the lover actually know the story?

Luran looked at the sky with the same sorrow, some panic, and faintly expected: "You...have you remembered?"

"I am not that person, but when I was awake, I really saw the memory of that person." The sky looked at Luran with obvious disgust, and the voice was indifferent. "He is a very weak person, all The blood of the heart is only for the betrayal of the lover, and eventually it is tragic. Are you looking for this person?"

Luran’s eyes brightened, but they quickly faded. His mouth slowly condensed out a bitter arc: “You really remembered it, but you refused to forgive me, didn’t you?”

Hearing, the obvious disgust in the eyes of the sky: "I have already said, I am not that person. If I am that person, you can never live at this time. How can I allow my lover to betray me? If he is true I dare to betray me, I will lock him, so that he can only see me, can only feel my existence."

When the sky said the last half of the sentence, the eyes fell on Su Shi, although Su Shi felt that the lover who said this kind of words is really handsome, but why would he be inexplicably a little cold behind?





 Su Shi quickly patted the shoulders of his lover and appeased: "Dear, you can rest assured that I will not betray you, certainly not."

The sky was holding the hand of Su Shi: "I know."

After a pause, I was a little sorry: "But maybe you can pretend to do this and try."

"..." Why do you think that such a cold and upright lover will have such a bad taste? However, it seems to be a little stimulating.

Seeing that the two people are so ruthless, even directly forgetting his existence, Lun was at the same time as he was heartbroken, he could only take the initiative to say: "You really... isn't he?"

"I have said very clearly. You can stand here alive, enough to show that I am not the same person as you think." The sky turned to look at Luran, and the voice was full of disdain. "But even though I am not him, still There is a saying that I want to tell you that people like you are really not worthy of having a lover."

The tone of the words was too cold, and Lun subconsciously stepped back two steps, looking at the sky with a pale face, although he was very reluctant to admit it, but what he said might be true. People like himself are true. Not worth having a lover?

Lu Ran recalled a memory fragment that had been buried in time.

At that time, the things of the two of them had just been discovered by the family. His heart was in a panic and he didn’t know what to do. His lover just smiled softly: "In fact, we have to go to the right direction." I think, since we have decided to go forward together, we will face these things one day, and let this test come early, maybe it is not a bad thing?"

How did you respond to each other at that time? He felt that the lover did not care about his feelings at all, and did not consider it for him. Now, in retrospect, it should be blamed that he is right.

It’s because lovers want to go on with themselves until the end of their lives, they will see this thing so optimistic, and the reason why they are so flustered is because they didn’t even make up their minds at that time. Going together with two people?

The smile, which had already become blurred, became so clear at this moment that it filled every corner of the mind, so that he could no longer control his face and screamed and cried silently.

Perhaps from that time on, he has already pushed the lover away, so that the series of things will happen later.

Even if he has been carefully running the game designed by the lover, even if he designed the game as a mirror to express his love for the lover, even if he copied the lover's brain into the game, it still could not stop. The lover finally left him.

Everything he did was destined to be in vain, because he was wrong from the beginning.

Luran’s crying gradually turned from silent to low crying, and it became sobbing and crying, and eventually became a long-squeezed cry.

Su Shi did not feel that this person was chasing the past, and determined that this person would not entangle his lover again, he would continue to go shopping with the sky.

The two were having fun, and a few forced screens popped up in front of them.

[** Su bombing **, ** actually turned white to help my brother, to bully the weak what kind of hero! **** Come and die! ! ! ]

【Without morals, anything is possible! Su bombing ** bullying, the heavens are not allowed! ! ! ]

[Qi Tiange a group of garbage, to bully and count what a hero! ******kill you! ! ! ]

......

Suddenly seeing so many asterisks, Su Shi’s brows were pumped out uncontrollably: “Dear, ban them together and look annoyed.”

In a flash, the whole world has become quiet.

Then naturally it was Su Shi’s counterattack moment, but he did not personally counterattack back, but let the men put the evidence of the previously collected [Floating Dreams] gangsters weakly and fiercely. I started to slap my face.

Some of these evidences are chats of the World Channel, some are chat records inside the gangsters, and some are videos that help the crowds of players, put them out in a pile, and just scolded those people. The content is exactly the same.

Finally, the elders of [Qi Tiange] released the whole process of the previous conflict. Although the last one was indeed the gang of the glitz, it was the people who deliberately picked things first. They ended up in such a position that they were completely self-sufficient.

Then, it was another powerful forced screen.

I have a little secret: "Ha ha ha ha ha ha, [floating dreams] comrades, do you think this wave is not cool? Is it not good? Is it unexpected? Surprise?"

I have a little donkey: "As a new member of [Qi Tian Ge], I am honored to have done a good thing today to help those who have been bullied by the bad guys to fight forever!"

Why do you solve the problem: "Why do people who are [Floating Dreams] not talk? Is it too shameful, so they all indented into their tortoise shells?"

Xiaojiabiyu: "Where does that sentence say? Good and evil have a report, Tiandao has a good reincarnation; do not believe to look up, who has surpassed the sky. It is really retribution, hahahahahaha..."

Everyone said: "Jasper, although this is really funny, but we are ladies, to be laughable, take your laughter back to 233333333333"

Yushu Linfeng: "The two upstairs show love, death is fast, hehe! But today we are really proud, this is the boss's credit, with the boss has meat, this is really the truth."

......

For a time, the world channel and the bomb screen don’t have much fun. Everyone is actively crueling all kinds of evils before the [Flamboyant Dream], especially those players who have been bullied by them before. At this time, they feel very proud. .

As for those who are [Floating Dreams], they can’t even speak now. It’s just dumb to eat Huanglian. They can’t say anything, but this bitterness is also their own blame. No wonder others are.

After this incident, I just re-raised the number of helpers in the "Floating Dreams", and suddenly began to smash down, it was terrible.

When everyone was almost in trouble, Su Shi was in the air and sent a big and powerful forced screen: "Jumping the clown, not afraid, I want to make trouble."

As soon as the screen hits, the following immediately followed a bunch of [Boss' mighty domineering, Qitiange domineering! ]

Onlookers of the whole process of this incident, but a word that did not say a flashy, after seeing these bomb screens, the gas has to retreat directly from the game, think of the experience of this time, a flashy More and more I feel that this game can't be played at all!

Then think of the initiators who led to all these things, a flash of flamboyant is even more angry and red, I am afraid that even the rice can not eat.

The person who offended him was like a huge bug in the game. He didn't have any way to take him. He even went to the official channel to report it, and he didn't get any useful feedback. This is simply playing him deliberately!

No matter how angry the glitz is now, Su Shi has directly thrown it away after solving this problem. Now the problems in the game have basically been solved. It is necessary for him to consider bringing the sky into the sky as soon as possible. The reality is up.

Before the ball had already prepared the most suitable body for the sky according to his requirements, what he needs to do now is to tell the sky to the sky and then implement the plan.

"Dear, what do you think looks like this? Except for hairstyles and clothes, everything else is the same as you are now." Su Shi pointed to a picture for the sky.

The sky looked seriously for a while, hesitated for a moment, nodded: "Yes."

Su Shi secretly sighed and leaned on the shoulders of the sky and asked: "When do you think you are in the best mood? I think we should choose the time when you are in the best mood and go to the new world."

The words of the sky immediately became dull: "When you are in the best mood, you should know? Because every time, I am only with you."

Su Shi stunned a little, only to reflect the meaning of the words in the sky, the face suddenly became somewhat unnatural: "The time is not the best time to choose the mood, as long as the mood is good."

"But I really want to choose the best time, isn't that the most beneficial?" The sky stared at Su Shi, and one hand had already landed at Su Shi's waist.

Su Shi reluctantly opened the hand that wanted to be chaotic: "We are to meet new life together, how can we choose the time? No, no, no."

"But I hope that in a new life, we can do that kind of thing often, isn't that good?" In some things, the sky does not know what to hold.

Especially at this moment, he still uses his very obvious eyes to smear Su Shi, which means he can't be more clear. Su Shi turned his eyes in his heart: "In short, absolutely not! Since you don't want to choose, let me replace it. You have chosen."

The silence was silent for a moment, and some of the grievances nodded. "Okay, but what we have to do next must be decided by me, otherwise I will be very unhappy."

"...well." The thoughts of the lover are written in the eyes. What else can Su Shi say? Anyway, it will not be able to get out of bed for the next few days, and he can only comfort himself.


When Su Shi finally got up from the bed, he immediately seized the opportunity to inform the ball to get everything done, and then began the work of soul transfer.

Although the reality of this world is still only a virtual world for Su Shi, but after all, it involves the safety of the soul of the lover, Su Shi does not dare to have any sloppy.

He reviewed each of the things done by the ball again and again. After confirming that there were no problems, Su Shi called the lover over.

"No matter what happens, you don't have any panic, and you don't have any conflicts. Otherwise, there is a possibility that there will be problems in the process." Su Shi repeatedly licked the sky, thought about it, and added it with confidence. "Whether here or in the next new world, I will always be with you, so you don't have to worry about it."

Cangwu bowed his head in the soft corner of Su Shi’s lips and nodded seriously: “I know.”

Su Shi secretly took a deep breath and said with a relaxed expression: "Let's start now, we will be able to meet in the new world later."

This is actually not complicated. Just transfer the soul of the sky to the body that was tailored for him in reality.

The whole process has a ball on the side, the risk is close to zero, that is, Su Shi cares about chaos, it will be so nervous.

Lying on the bed, Su Shi sat on the bed and looked at him: "Dear, don't be nervous, you can see me later."

The sky is holding the hand of Su Shi: "I am not nervous, the nervous person is you, do you need me to be nervous with you?"

"...No," Su Shi’s mouth twitched, and the tension in his heart was dispelling a few points. “Get started.”

The ball is ordered, the soul in the sky is first extracted, then brought into reality, and then the complete soul is placed in the prepared body, so that is done.

The whole process didn't take five minutes, so Su Shi only had time to worry and worry less than five minutes. In reality, the lover shook his eyelashes and slowly opened his eyes.

He immediately took the hand of his lover and eagerly asked, "How do you feel now?"

The black scorpion stared at Su Shi. After a moment, a low voice came from the throat: "A Feng."

The simple two words made Su Shi's heartbeat speed up a few points. The success of this operation also means that his plan has been half successful.

Su Shi reached out and hugged the sky, and repeated: "If you have any discomfort in your body, be sure to tell me, you know?"

The sky hangs down the scorpion, and after a moment of silence, it is re-raised to look at Su Shi: "There is no discomfort on the body, but it is a little uncomfortable, but I have a question and want to get an answer."

"What is the problem?" Su Shi's expression was serious.

The sky looked at Su Shi directly, and asked in a serious way: "There was no ability to call for the rain before, and I don't care about it, but I am worried that I will lose some of my abilities together."

"Some abilities?" Su Shi did not think about it at this time. He even seriously thought about the ability of his own lover to fight against the sky. "What are you worried about?"

"This is inconvenient to say, but I have already thought of ways to confirm this, but I need you to cooperate with me." Cang Shen looked at Su Shi seriously and asked for help.

At this time, Su Shi was faintly aware that something was wrong. He wanted to step back, but he was caught by the sky. He could only hesitately ask: "What do I need to help me?"

"It’s good to lie down." During the conversation, the sky had pulled the arm of Su Shi with a little force, and turned flexibly to push Su Shi under his body.

Looking at the lover who is pressing on himself, Su Shi does not know that at this moment, whether he should be happy with the lover's control over this new body, or lament his next destiny.

Ever since, Su Shi just brought her lover into the real world and was forced to come with her lover.

The most terrifying thing is that after the lover finally tossed up, he sighed very dissatisfiedly: "Sure enough, it is not comparable."

Su Shi is holding his waist and wants to swear. Although the reality is really not as terrible as the days and nights in the game, but in reality, it will make people completely unable to eat for two or three hours. ! This is still the case when I firmly refuse to come again.

Su Shi supported her waist and glared at the sky: "In order not to let my mother doubt, I will tell her that you are my friend, so you have recently lived in your room."

The implication is that you want to sleep in the same bed with me during this time? That is impossible!

Wen Yan, the sky immediately looked at Su Shi with sorrow, but did not dare to directly refute, but gentle and wronged: "A Feng, your waist must be sour? I will help you."

Su Shi snorted, but did not reject the exclusive welfare that has been maintained from the first world until now. He leaned on the sky and yawned with a squint, and then he obviously felt Somewhere on the lover has become more awkward.

Su Shi couldn't bear to take a picture on the waist of her lover: "Don't mess!"

The sky sighed and sighed, helping the Su Shi waist with his hands, and trying to eat more tofu.

When he was at noon, Su Shi introduced the Cang to Lin Biaoru. During this time, Lin Biaoru’s mood has been somewhat low. When he saw the sky, although his attitude was not enthusiastic, he was fairly thoughtful.

After the meal, Su Shi took the coffin to the room, a serious and authentic: "This is the room, it has been cleaned up, you will live here later."

The sky looked at the bed in the room and looked at Su Shi. He even nodded. "I know."

Su Shi’s heart was a bit strange. The lover even accepted his life so easily, but he did not ask much. After talking about the use of daily necessities, he went back to his room. As soon as he opened the door, he was stopped by Lin Biaoru.

"Xiao Feng, have you sent your friend to the room?" Lin Yiru opened his mouth first.

Su Shi nodded, and she knew very well what Lin Biao wanted to say to herself, so she said directly: "Mom, you are coming advanced."

Lin Ruru entered the house behind Su Shi. After sitting down, his eyes began to turn red. Su Shi was helpless. He asked with concern: "Mom, what is wrong with you? Is there any uncomfortable body?" ”

"No, Mom is very good, I don't feel uncomfortable," Lin Biao smeared his eyes and pulled Su Shi's hand. "Xiao Feng, do you really agree with my divorce with your father?"

Things have already reached this point. Lin Biaoru can still ask such a question. Su Shi really wants to return her with a blank eye, but after thinking about it, Su Shi still resisted with a good temper: "Mom, I know The reason why you didn't want to divorce Dad before is that I am worried that I will be badly affected, but I am really not a child. I really agree with you and the person divorced, and absolutely do not agree that you are wronged for me. Himself."

When he heard Su Shi say this, Lin Biaoru had already snorted and snorted. In the past few days, Lin Biaoru has been plagued by this incident. Although she hates Liu Cheng’s incompetence of such animals, sometimes It is also inevitable that perhaps she did not do well enough to let her son have to go through this painful thing.

This kind of thought has been pressed against her, so she does not know how to solve it.

How could Su Shi know Lin Biaoru's thoughts? In the end, she also loves her son too much, so she will suffer so much and lose pressure.

"Mom, can I ask you a question?" Su Shi sighed and decided to open up Lin Biaoru.

Lin Biao nodded his nose and said, "You ask."

"A young woman, when she went out at night, couldn't meet a monk and was hurt, but everyone else said that she was hurt because she was deserving of it. Do you know why?" Su Shi said slowly. With.

Lin Biao did not expect that Su Shi would say such a thing. After a slight sigh, he couldn’t understand the truth: "Why would anyone say this?"

"Because they feel that if this woman does not go out at night, she will not encounter monks, and there will be no such tragedy, so instead of condemning the monks, they will instead push the responsibility to the injured woman. Su Shi looked directly at Lin’s eyes and asked, word by word, “Mom, are you ridiculous in saying that these people’s thoughts are obvious? It’s the sinner who is guilty of crimes, and there are still people who will blame the victims.”

Lin Biao did not give a response, because she had already stunned thoroughly. After a while, she came back and shook her hand and hugged Su Shi: "Xiao Feng, thank you..."

Although Lin Shuru is not smart, the example of Su Shiju is too clear. If she still can't see the other party's intentions, then it is really no brain.

I didn’t expect that my son would comfort himself like Lin Biaoru. At this moment, besides being touched by his son’s intimacy, it is more of a kind of ease to put down the burden.

Just like what Su Shi said, the person who made the mistake is Liu Cheng. Why does she have to bear the pressure and accusation? Until then, Lin Biaoru realized how ridiculous and illogical his previous thoughts were.

Lin Shuru cried for a while, and the emotions slowly stabilized. She took Su Shi’s hand and her voice trembled: “Xiao Feng, thank you for guiding the mother like this. Before the mother wanted to marry, she would make it. The wrong choice, now my mother finally understands."

"Mom, I just want to ask you a question." Su Shi smiled.

Lin Biao did not say anything more about this matter, but smiled with tears: "Xiao Feng, you can rest assured that even if I divorce the man, I will take care of you."

Upon hearing this, Su Shi suddenly realized a problem. In this family, Lin Biao is a housewife, and the original owner did not go out to work, so the only person who makes money at home seems to be... Liu Cheng?





 Su Mi Mi···········································································

"Mom, I have a good news, I forgot to tell you," since it is necessary to pick up the label, it is naturally as fast as possible, so I grabbed the time and pulled the label down. "I recently made a profit in the game." With less money, I just feel that I can't spend any money in reality. I haven't exchanged it outside. Is it particularly powerful now?"

Lin Ruru only thought that his son had listened to his own words and wanted to help himself make money. He quickly said: "If you like to play games, you can play your game with peace of mind. Mom doesn't need you to think of the game as a job. Mom can make money for you to play games."

After hearing these words, Su Shi couldn't help but sigh in her heart. Lin Ruru was too fond of his son, and he could definitely be called a love.

He patted Lin Ruru's back and smiled and said: "Mom, I really don't make money in the game to make you lose money. I play games really well, and the more I don't know the money." The more you earn, the more it is. This is a good thing. When you have fun playing games, you can make money. Isn’t it good to do both?

Lin Ruru still believes that although some of the knots have been loosened by the comfort of her son, she is still worried that she will prematurely bear the pressure that she should not have because of her divorce.

"Mom, what I said is true," Su Shi repeatedly stressed. Seeing Lin Biaoru’s expression is still difficult to cover up. He can only sigh and sigh. "So, Mom, you are here waiting for me, I Go to the game and get some money, so you will believe me."

After that, Su Shi climbed into the game holographic cabin regardless of Lin Shuru's block. After five minutes, he climbed out.

"Mom, look." Su Shi put the transfer record on his own brain in front of Lin Biaoru.

After seeing the numbers shown above, Lin’s eyes instantly became bosses, and he couldn’t believe it: “How can this be so much?!”

I saw Su Shi’s light brain clearly showing a transfer record that was just completed three minutes ago. The amount is not much, it is exactly 100,0000 transaction coins.

Su Shi smiled calmly: "This is the money I have made in the game recently. Mom, am I particularly good now?"

"But... this is too much? Xiaofeng, you shouldn't be doing something bad?" Lin Biao looked suspiciously at Su Shi, how could he not believe it, before he only knew about going to the game. The son who saved money suddenly learned to make money, and he earned so much at once.

Su Shi couldn't help but squint in her heart: "How is this possible? Redemption of trading coins from the game requires strict scrutiny. If there are any problems with the source of these trading coins, the transaction is impossible. So you can rest assured."

After listening to Su Shi’s explanation, Lin Biaoru reluctantly believed that the money was really no problem, but she still had a hard time believing that so much money was really earned by her son’s game.

"Are you sure that the money was not borrowed from you?" Although Lin Shuru has always spoiled his son, it is still very clear about how many pounds his son has.

Su Shi finally failed to hold back, and turned a blind eye: "Mom, I just got into the game and came out. It took only five minutes. You said that I can borrow so much with such a short time. Money? This money is really earned by myself. If you still don't believe it, you can come into the game with me next time and you will know how I made money."

When it comes to this point, Lin Ruru has to passively believe in Su Shi’s words. When he thinks that his son is playing a game, he can make such a large sum of money. Lin Biao feels that breathing is somewhat difficult.

Because of the impact of this incident, Lin Biaoru completely came out from the previous haze, and even when he left, his footsteps were light and floating.

After sending away Lin Ruru, Su Shi once again entered the game. The previous one million was that he sold all his previous equipment. As for why he only spent hundreds of thousands of purchased equipment before, but If you can sell a price of one million, it will be attributed to his current status and status.

As a new god, not only his price has risen, but even his equipment has followed the price increase. Sure enough, he has become a golden thigh, and life can be so cool.

Based on himself, he has become a god, and he is holding a golden thigh of a god. Therefore, even if the equipment is sold out, Su Shi has nothing to worry about. Anyway, his golden thighs are thick and strong, even if he is penniless. Still can be fragrant and spicy in the game.

But the golden thighs are always good and bad. At night, his golden thighs suddenly contacted him with his light brain, saying that there are some things that will not be used. He needs to help him in the past.

Su Shi went kindly, and then he never got out of the room that day.

When the next morning, Su Shi helped the waist out of the room, he secretly vowed that he would never have to come back to the room.

In the next few days, he did not go to the room again, and the sky was not looking for him, because he directly took Su Shi to go to the game.

So for a long time, Su Shi’s daily life was so hot.

He fled from the game to reality, and the sky can toss him in reality; when he runs from reality to the game, the sky is already waiting for him in bed.

Whenever Su Shi helped his waist to look out the window, he would feel very regretful. Why did he bring the sky to reality so early?

He will wait until the sky is seventy and eighty, so when you don’t move, take the people and fall!

However, even if he regrets it at this time, he has not changed his next tragic fate.

Because every day spent a lot of energy and fighting and fighting, Su Shi directly gave the gang to the management of the first few members of the gang, but there are NPCs to help, but there will be no scorpions. .

In the absence of such a suicide, [Qi Tiange] continued to grow in a very fast posture, and soon became the biggest gang in the game, but also the gang with the least internal and external contradictions and the most complete rules. Attracting more and more players to join.

As for the short-lived Western Magical Continent, when everyone first appeared in the Western Magical Continent, everyone thought that this was a new map for the game. It would definitely be fun, but before they officially started the land, the continent turned out to be It disappeared like this, and the ice and snow town with the westernmost side of the East Magic Land disappeared together!

You are not mistaken, the mainland that has excited many people, after a few days of existence, actually really disappeared for no reason! Lost! Now!

At the moment when the Western Fantasy continent disappeared, almost everyone’s expressions were aggressive. They frantically searched for the mainland that had appeared before, but now did not leave any traces, madly poked GM inquiries, but got The results made them very disappointed and shocked.

The game data is all right.

The vast continent has disappeared for no reason. You told me that this is normal?

I have a mother who sells the batch and really wants to talk about it in person.

But since the game official gave such an answer, even if there are 10,000 grass mud horses in their hearts, it is impossible to put these horses on the face of GM, because the result of this will only be their own face.

So what can I do? If there is no Western fantasy, there will be no embarrassment, at least they will have tears in the East Magic.

However, there are very few people who can guess the truth, such as Su Shi, and for example, the sky.

However, they themselves do not care about the sci-fi continent, and naturally do not pay too much attention and inquiry.

However, Su Shi is very concerned about one thing recently. Since Lin Shuru and Liu Cheng successfully handled the divorce procedure, Su Shi directly let the ball screw up Liu Cheng’s company, and toss him up in debt, life is coming. The harder and harder it is.

In this case, even if it was once true love, it is inevitable that conflicts will continue to erupt. These contradictions are still small and very small at the beginning, but as time goes by, these contradictions are constantly accumulated and expanded, and have become A little noisy day, a big day in three days.

Once the true love became a full-fledged shrew, and one became an incompetent coward, so Liu Cheng and the little three began to feel tired and disgusted at the same time, they began to regret, began to blame each other, began It won't go any longer.

Su Shi took a look at the lively mentality and watched the whole journey. The mood was getting better and better. Even the chasing of him every day became a kind of fun, but if that thing, his waist is not so sour. It is.

Finally, one day, Zhuang Nan and Xiao San completely fell out. The true love that once seemed to them was worthless. Under the baptism of time, it became worthless. After they had a big fight, they separated from each other without any reluctance. .

Once you yell at me, love is more than Jin Jian has become a complete joke, and then, the most exciting drama is about to be staged.

Su Shi was informed that Liu Cheng had recently taken the initiative to contact Lin Biaoru and took the initiative to show her good, then he knew that the good show was about to debut, but he was not in a hurry to play, because in this scene, the starring role should be Liu Chenghe. Lin Biao is like two people.

When Lin Biao received a call from Liu Cheng, it was also a slap in the face, but on the phone, Liu Cheng did not talk to him about too many private matters, mainly concerned about Liu Feng, so although Lin Yiru was very disgusted with Liu Cheng, But it is also perfunctory.

Originally thought that a phone is enough, who knows that in the next period of time, Liu Cheng will call himself every other time, which finally makes Lin Yiru feel that something is wrong.

When Liu Cheng called again, and gradually shifted the topic from Liu Feng to his own concern, Lin Biaoru finally couldn’t help but say: "Liu Cheng, what do you want to do? We are divorced now, please don't Contact me more, ok?"

Liu Cheng was silent for a while, and spit out a sentence: "For example, let's start again, okay?"





 At that moment, Lin Huiru even suspected that his ears had suddenly had any problems. Otherwise, how could she hear such incredible words spit out from Liu Chengkou?

"What do you say?" Lin Biao really felt that he had heard the mistake.

Liu Cheng paused for a moment, with extraordinarily sincere and affectionate tone: "For example, I know that there are some misunderstandings between us. We even temporarily separated because of these misunderstandings. During this period of separation, I also thought about it. A lot, I think I still love you, I want to take care of you and Xiaofeng, can you give me another chance?"

This time, Lin Biao was completely shocked. Liu Cheng was not as good as the animal. When did he learn to say such a graceful message? ! It feels so shocking!

In shock, Lin Biao asked like a conditioned reflex: "Liu Cheng, is your head sick?"

"..." His own affectionate words, the response is actually the other side's response, Liu Cheng's face is dark, "for example, I know that I did do confused things before, but I was also deliberately blinded by the hearts of the people. And the past things let it go, we should look forward together now, aren’t we?”

"I see that your speech is quite clear. It seems that there is no drinking, and there is no problem in your head. In this case, I have to take a look at you." Lin Biaoru was almost laughed by Liu Cheng, she took a deep breath. In one breath, the speed of speech is extremely fast. "A dregs that used to betray his wife and children for true love, and even his face is not needed. How long has it been divorced? Even then he abandoned his true love and turned back to find the original compound. Do you do this, can you afford the true love that you have given to people for so long?

Also, how do you say that your skin is so thick? Before we both got to that level, you still have a face to come back to me to say this, misunderstanding? Misunderstanding of shit? Don't you blink your eyes, look at the worthless monks who really love, just when others are as blind as you? Dregs like you, or hurry back and go find your true love Xiaosan to live together! ”

After the momentum said that Lin Shuru did not give Liu Cheng a chance to respond, he hanged up the phone directly.

They are already divorced, and this scum man still has a face to come back to find himself compound, it is too shameless! Before I thought of the person who made a phone call to understand Xiaofeng's situation, Lin Haoru was even more angry.

Then Lin Biao looked up and looked up, just to see Su Shi from the upstairs, the expression on his face suddenly solidified.

"Xiao Feng, how come you down?" Lin Biaoru quickly adjusted his face and made himself look as amiable as possible. "Is it hungry? Mom will go cook for you."

Su Shi smiled and looked at Lin Biao's expression that looked unharmonious. He nodded innocently. "Well, it's a bit hungry. I want to eat the cauliflower and green pepper potatoes that you made."

I thought that this play needs to be shot by myself, and it will come to a perfect end. Now it seems that he underestimated Lin’s fighting power.

"Yes, Mom, I will go to you to make these two dishes. You will go back to the room and wait for a while. After a while, my mother will ask you to come down to eat." After Lin Shuru rushed Su Shi back upstairs, he went directly to the kitchen to do it. The meal went. As for Liu Cheng’s glimpse, Lin Shuru was angry, but she didn’t have a little bit of movement. After all, she had a clear understanding of the true face of this scum man. She did not care about her son’s feelings before. It may have been a long break with this scum.

As for the compound things, there is no possible thing, why bother to think about it?

As for the other side of Liu Cheng, Lin Biaoru had such a merciless slap in the face, and did not let him have the opportunity to refute, naturally let him feel very wrong, but what can he do?

He really wants to be combined with Lin Biaoru, naturally it is impossible to go back, so this anger naturally falls on his true love Xiaosan. If not this woman, how could he divorce? How could he leave his son who knows how to be sensible and who will make money?

After that, Liu Cheng contacted Lin Biao a few times with a thick face, but every time he was beaten by the other side, and no matter what he said, the attitude of the other party did not loosen.

In desperation, Liu Cheng can only transfer the target of Raiders to Su Shi’s body. I thought it would be a lot easier. Who knows that it’s a polite sneer, and I’m so angry that I’m going to blow up, and things are still No progress at all.

At the end of the day, Liu Cheng could only helplessly give up, holding the idea that "I have a bad life, and I have never thought of such a good person." Liu Cheng and his true love Xiaosan started. A wonderful drama that loves each other.

As for Liu Jinjin, since the event in the game, she never dared to play the game again. In real life, she became extraordinarily inferior and gloomy, plus after all the troubles between her own parents, her The days are even more disturbing.

However, these have nothing to do with Su Shi. After confirming that these slags are not good, Su Shi will be relieved of his own little days.

In the game world, Su Shi and Cangwu can be said to be the existence of God. In fact, they are indeed the gods of the East Fantasy continent. It is natural to talk to the wind, and there are so many game players to follow. Starting, making money, loading and unloading.

In real life, although it is impossible to really treat Lin Biaoru as his own biological mother, the two people get along well, and there are lovers to accompany them, and then occasionally shake the stupid ball, small days It is also very moist.

Time swayed back and forth for two years, Su Shi finally came out to Lin Biaoru, and things went very smoothly, and almost did not cause much contradiction, Lin Biaoru accepted this.

In fact, Lin Biaoru had already noticed the relationship between the two people at this time. As a mother, she did struggle at the beginning, but when she thought of her marriage failure, Lin Biaoru did not have the courage. The son’s emotional feelings were gradually accepted and accepted.

Of course, the most important thing is that this child is really good for his son. Almost everything is his own son. When there are occasional differences, they all take the initiative to give in. Even Lin Biao feels like it sometimes. How can this person have no principle for his son?

What is even more frightening is that this situation lasts for two years. There has never been any change in the process. This is enough for Lin Biaoru to see how intimate and harmonious the relationship between the two people is. There is naturally no reason for opposition. It is.

Sometimes, these two people are really too sticky. Even Lin Biao, who is married, can't stand it. He can only go out and run outside, so that the young couple can leave enough time for solitude.

In the following decades, the family of three lived in harmony. When Su Shi was sixty-six years old, he and Lin Cong were sent away with Cangwu. The two then continued to walk to the end of their lives.

When this life was about to come to an end, Su Shi and the sky returned to the game world, the place where they first met.

The once snow-capped mountains have completely melted into a vast sea. Su Shi took the sky and sat on the beach, glaring at his fingers: "Dear old guy, you really believe that we have known Jiusheng IX before. ?"

"Well, I believe." The gaze looked softly at Su Shi’s face in Xiaguang.

"I also believe that because I clearly remember the story of each of our lives, we remember our identity every time, remember how we met, fell in love, accompanied by the old..." Su Shi's voice is getting lower and lower, and finally turned into A shallow sigh, "But why do you never remember?"

The sky opened his mouth, but did not speak, but just tried to hold Su Shi’s hand.

Su Shi is also looking at the sky, very serious, but it seems to be a little bit sad: "I know you don't blame you, you shouldn't blame you, but every time I only remember everything, you don't remember anything. Sometimes I feel a little tired."

The sky slowly swallowed to Su Shi’s lips and kissed him: "I'm sorry."

Su Shi also kissed the sky and kissed the sky. The voice said softly: "You should not say these three words to me, because this is not your fault, and compared to these three words, I hope that in the next life, you Can you tell me three more words first, do you know which three words?"

The sky's gaze flickered. He leaned into Su Shi's ear and gently spit out three words: "I love you."

"Really, these three words, but should not say now, you are cheating, do you know?" Su Shi smiled and grabbed his ear, and looked at the sky very seriously. "I want you to be down." When I was alive, I found me like I used to come to you, and then said these three words to me, okay?"

After a moment of silence, the sky was solemnly nodded: "Good."

Su Shi leaned in the arms of the sky, and half of it was spoiled: "If you can't find me, or forget to say these three words, I will ignore you, okay?"

"Not good," Cang said decisively. "Even if I am stupid, I can't find you smoothly. I can't tell you these three words. You know, don't you?"

Su Shi: "..." He just sprinkled a little, as for being so serious? But such a sky looks really cute.

"Well, I know," Su Shi had to think about it in such a lovely part of his lover. "But you still have to work hard to find me, and then tell me these three words, you can never be lazy. ”

The sky smashed the head of Su Shi, and assuredly: "I will, this time I change everything, I will come to you."

At the sparkling seaside, two people who are cuddling with each other slowly close their eyes...



Arc 11: Three Words, I Love You

 Su Shi rolled a few laps in the soft and clean quilt, and honed it for a while, then he sat down slowly. He hadn’t slept for a long time. The reason for sleeping late was not inconsistent with his image. Secondly, he did not feel that he had the need to sleep late.

But this time, he slept very sweetly, and it was already ten o'clock in the morning.

I opened my phone and glanced at it. Su Shi lay back on the bed again. Life seemed to be getting more and more boring. Maybe he should try to do something that is not boring.

At half past ten, Su Shi got up from the bed, took care of herself, and went downstairs for lunch.

In addition to the servant at home, only he is alone, the mother should be doing the final preparations for the upcoming charity auction, and the father is probably reluctant to say goodbye to the paintings he will send to the auction.

This is a special charity auction that is enough to sensationalize both the entertainment industry and the art world, and Su Shi himself was invited because the charity auction was planned by his parents.

Su Shi is not interested in this charity auction, but he can understand that his parents want to take their good son out and let others envy the hatred. Therefore, he did not refuse. At this time, he only hopes this. Charity auctions will not be too boring.

At four o'clock in the afternoon, Su Shi, who had been modeling at home, finally went to the scene of the charity auction under the urging of her mother.

As a pure businessman, Su Shi did not enter the entertainment circle under the mother's kind hope, nor did he enter the art world under the father's daily influence.

But he is not in the rivers and lakes, but the rivers and lakes have his legend. As soon as he arrives at the auction venue, many people have come forward to talk with Su Shi. Many of these people are similar to Su Shi’s parents, but they have a generation of peers. Look at the conversation with Su Shi and see his intentions.

Although Su Shi is not a good character, it is a charity auction held by his parents. He naturally does not blame others for being at this time. Therefore, he is polite and has questions and answers, but his attitude is not eager.

Just as Su Shi swam in the middle of these people, he suddenly felt a deep, burning gaze falling directly on his back, which gave him a feeling of being hit by a beast.

Su Shi frowned and looked back, facing a pair of deep scorpions who did not hide their enthusiasm and concentration.

The owner of the nephew is a handsome and handsome man. He looks at his age and is a lot older than himself. His posture is much higher than himself.

He had a glass of red wine in his hand. When he saw Su Shi look over it, he not only looked back unobtrusively, but instead raised the glass in his hand, his eyes became even hotter, and his mouth even raised a sinuous arc.

Su Shi’s brow was also wrinkled deeper. It was not because of the man’s rude behavior, but because of the straightforward adjustment of the other party, he did not feel disgusted at all, but had a illusion of heart.

I am so excited! The first time I met, it was so obvious that I hooked up others. When I saw it, it was not a serious person.

Su Shi snorted angrily and reluctantly suppressed the inexplicable incitement and cravings of his heart. He was determined not to take care of this frivolous man.

However, this man seems to be like a Su Shi. No matter where Su Shi goes, he can see this person inadvertently, and the other person’s eyes are always walking unscrupulously in his body. Su Shi, who has always been calm and calm, has the illusion that he is being seen by others all the time.

Too frivolous! How can a person frivolous to such an extent? !

Su Shi thought so angrily, his eyes were uncontrollable and fell on the man from time to time. Although this person is too frivolous, he has to admit that he looks really good, his body is awesome, if he takes off his clothes. if……

"Small, the auction is about to begin, I am going to prepare the auction items? Why haven't you sent them?" Just as Su Shi thought about it, the voice of his mother, Joe Ruo, suddenly came.

Su Shi immediately launched the ridiculous fantasies in her mind and concentrated on her mother: "Mom, I didn't say it before, I just came to accompany you and my father?"

Putting his personal belongings on the auction floor and letting others bid for the bright future, Su Shi can't do it. After all, this is not in line with his design.

Qiao Ruoshui seems to be unable to see his son's attitude at all. He urges: "How are you so careless, you have nothing to prepare! Since you are not prepared, you can only find something from you, you What brought you today?"

"Mom, I really..." Su Shi was helpless, but Qiao Ruoshui’s mind was obviously filled up by the charity auction, and he couldn’t listen to his son.

She looked at Su Shi up and down, and decisively reached out and took the Su-shirt shirt collar on the crown-shaped shirt collar. Su Shi looked down and tried to scratch her lips.

"Just this, you can rest assured," Joe Ruo took a shot on his son's shoulder and calmed. "Mom has already arranged the bidder, so you don't have to worry about the price of your things being too low."

"But Mom..." Su Shi had no choice but to open her mouth. The mother came in a hurry and went in a hurry. She did not give him the opportunity to give advice and suggestions, and went straight.

Su Shi had no choice but to sigh, and she could only admit her life. Even if it was a cool and cool person, it would be collapsed when she arrived at her aunt.

Finally, when I waited until the official auction, Su Shi was tragically found that his shirt that looked so inconspicuous was actually put out first. He almost caught his face directly. This bright and swaying jade exists. Is it really not in line with his settings?

However, next, I wanted to make his face look like a shirt, and there were more than 20 people involved in the auction.

This is barely an understanding. After all, his parents are not ordinary. Even if these people are just to please his parents, this is not too awkward.

But what is terrible is that after five minutes, when the starting price is only 10,000, and the price has risen to 500,000, there are still people who are shooting.

"Five thousand five thousand!"

"Six hundred thousand."

"Seven hundred thousand!"

"one million."

At the moment when this number was spit out, the auction site was inexplicably silent for a moment, and then the host smiled and said: "Now this shirt collar has already had a guest price of one million, if there is no higher price. Then this needle will belong to this guest. One million once, one..."

"One hundred and one hundred thousand!"

"Two million."

The scene was quiet again, and even Su Shi couldn't help but glance at the person asking for the price, and then he immediately took back his sight, because the two million who had just shouted was actually the frivolous man!

In the end, Su Shi’s collar was taken by the frivolous man with two million dollars. Su Shimu sent the man to follow the staff to go to the background to sign the relevant documents, but his eyes sank a little.

This is too strange. I have never been so happy with my feelings. I will have an inexplicable affection for such a frivolous man, especially after the other party has done so many strange things. Don't hate him, shouldn't it be a problem with yourself?

After a few minutes, the man came back from the background. Su Shi looked subconsciously. As a result, the man’s fingertips were holding a delicate needle. After he noticed his sight, the man suddenly smiled and smiled. The needle was glued to the lips and kissed gently.

"Boom", Su Shi felt that he had to burn himself, then that ... that place seems to be just the place where his lips touched! His memory is so bad, he will not remember correctly!

This bastard, he must be deliberate, how his **** skills are so good!

But the man just did such an awkward action, then he went back to his seat honestly, but in the entire auction afterwards, he never participated in the auction any more.

Don't ask Su Shi how to know about this. He will never tell you that he didn't bid for the whole auction, and his attention was all on a man.

When the charity auction finally came to a successful end, Su Shi was ready to take the plunge with her own heart and rushed home, and was dragged together by her parents.

Throughout the process, Su Shi was paying attention to the movement of the very sultry man, only to find that he seemed to have disappeared, and it never appeared.

Is it that at the end of the auction, he has already ran away?

Su Shi had some doubts about this, but soon forced himself to remove his mind from the man. It was just a man who wanted to hook up his own look and look good. He should not pay too much attention.

Maybe today, the two will never meet again.

Thinking of this, Su Shi’s heart is inexplicably showing some loss and bitterness.

"Small, I am really working hard today," sent all the guests. Joe Ruoshui took a sigh of relief. Although he was exhausted, his voice was full of smiles brought by the auction. "We should also return. Home."

"Yeah." Su Shi should have a voice.

"Wife, I am also very hard, and Xiao Yan just took a shirt collar, but I took out the baby who pressed the bottom of the box." Su Mingyun got together and asked for help.

Qiao Ruoshui smiled and took the arm of Su Mingyun: "The pictures and calligraphy that are auctioned today are obviously your work. You are also very interested in coming to invite the work, or the pin of Xiao Xiao is a surprise. I thought that In the end, it must be bought back by me. The result... oh, wait!"

Speaking of this, Qiao Ruoshui suddenly changed his look and stopped: "Hey, my head, almost forgot the most important things!"

Su Shi has some doubts: "Mom, have you forgotten something?"

Not waiting for Joe Ruohui to respond, the three of them suddenly came with a low-pitched voice: "Auntie accidentally forgot me?"





 Su Shi was stiff and slowly turned to look at the tall man who came from behind, his face was very serious, and his heart was lost but magically dispelled.

"Obuchi, you don't have to be aunt, the aunt is really confused, and forgets such an important thing." Joe Ruo water walked over, apologetically laughing and holding Li Yuan's hand.

Li Yuan also let her pull, but her eyes have not been removed from Su Shi: "Auntie spent so much effort to hold a perfect charity auction, I am grateful that it is too late, how can I be angry?"

Said, Li Yuan looked at Su Shidao with a straightforward look: "Is this aunt? I heard about the aunt's genius name a long time ago. I really remembered it. Auntie looks very smart."

"Thank you for complimenting." Su Shi said politely, but her heart turned a blind eye. If a person is clever and can be seen directly with his eyes, what else does the world need to measure IQ?

Qiao Ruoshui is praised very happy, but his mouth is still modest: "Obuchi is too lifted up, he is just a little bit smarter than ordinary people, where are you so exaggerated?"

After that, he took Su Shi and introduced two people: "Xiao Xiao, this is the son of a good friend of my mother, named Li Yuan. He is a few years older than you. You will call his brother later."

How could Su Shi call this frivolous man, just nod his head and bend his mouth, and then keenly grasp the key point in Qiao Ruoshui's words: "After?"

"Yeah, his mother is still busy working abroad, there is no way to take care of Obuchi personally, just ask me to take care of it, so from today, Obuchi lives in our house." Joe Ruohai took a shot of Su Shi The back of the hand, laughing and swaying.

Su Shi is staring at Li Yuan with unbelievable eyes. Is it true that from now on, this looks very frivolous, and the man who may not be lost to his own skills, he must live in the same house as himself. Under?

This news is a bad news for Su Shi, but why is there a little bit of joy and satisfaction in his heart?

Regardless of whether Su Shi would like to admit the feelings in his heart, Li Yuan followed him back home and lived in the room next door to him.

This evening, Su Shi involuntarily thought of the person who lived next to him, and even slept very sweet.

The next morning, I woke up refreshedly. Su Shi stretched out and went downstairs. When he saw the situation in the living room, he blinked slightly and surprised.

I saw that the tall and tall man was surrounded by an apron, breakfast from the kitchen to the outside, saw him coming downstairs, Li Yuan also looked up and revealed a clear smile to him: "Good morning, aunt."

"Good morning," Su said with his eyes closed, yawning and slowing down and down the stairs. His eyes turned around on the dining table in the living room, and his eyes flashed again and again. "Is this all done by you?" ”

"Because I don't know what Auntie likes to eat, I will do it all the time. Auntie can't laugh at me." Li Yuan put down the plate in his hand and smiled and nodded.

Su Shi scratched his head and inexplicably felt that the line seemed familiar. He sat down at the table and began to enjoy breakfast under the service of Li Yuan.

Just for breakfast, Li Yuan did a lot of things, from soy milk, fritters, tea eggs, to oil cakes, Hanamaki, Xiaolongbao, and some western-style bread, toast, and sandwiches.

Su Shi’s food intake is not large. After every taste, he will be full. After dinner, Su Shi and Li Yuan say goodbye to the company.

I thought that I should never see Li Yuan again today. Who knows that at noon, the assistant has come in an inside line: "President, just call the front desk, there is a gentleman who claims to be your brother, and said that he is here to give you lunch. of."

Su Shi brows, and inexplicably feels that the plot is somewhat familiar. After hesitating for a while, he still said: "Let him come in."

Li Yuan soon appeared in front of Su Shi, carrying a small-capacity lunch box in his hand, with a bright smile on his face: "Auntie, I am coming to give you lunch."

Su Shi was very vigilant about Li Yuan’s actions, and at the same time he was puzzled: “Mr. Li, after returning home, don’t you have any work to do?”

"Yes, and I am trying to do the job now." Li Yuan smiled and answered.

"Then you still have time to specifically give me a meal?" Su Shi looked at the lunch box on Li Yuan's hand.

Li Yuan did not answer this question positively. He just put the lunch box on the table in the rest area of ​​the office and opened it to set it up: "It's not early, come over and eat lunch."

Su Shi shrugged helplessly, got up and went to eat with Li Yuan, but after dinner, she ruthlessly said: "Li Yuan, are you chasing me?"

Li Yuan bowed and looked at Su Shi inexplicably: "What if I said yes?"

Su Shi smiled slightly, very ruthlessly said: "Please ask me to stay away from me, because I have no intention of talking about love now."

Li Yuan’s eyes glanced, but there was no other expression, just a low sigh: “You are more difficult to chase than I am.”

"What?" Su Shi did not listen too clearly.

Li Yuan raised his voice and said: "I mean, then please treat me as I am not chasing you."

Su Shi: "..." It turns out that when someone is pursued by another person, can they still be pursued without being pursued, and then get along with each other normally?

After lunch, Li Yuan did not stay in the company of Su Shi, and did not ask for permission to send him out, so he went away.

But from this day, Li Yuan will come over to luncheon Su Shi every day at noon, and will prepare dinner at night, waiting for Su Shi at home, not to mention breakfast.

However, Su Shi is not as good as some people to chase, can easily get a meal, Li Yuan thought to go, finally proposed on one day: "Auntie, have you ever played at the playground?"

Su Shi sneered at it: "Is that naive place, will I go?"

Li Yuan silently answered in his heart. You have not only been there, but also sat with me on the Ferris wheel. On the surface, he smiled and said: "But I want to go, do you want to accompany me?"

Su Shi wanted to refuse, but when it came to her mouth, it turned out: "Well, although it is very naive, since you want to go so, go there once."

"Then you set a time." Li Yuan was very happy.

"Just going to a playground, what time is it?" Su Shi said, thinking about it, "That's three days later."

"Okay." Li Yuan looked at Su Shi with a sly look, and wanted to raise his hand to lick his head, but he still managed to hold back.

Three days later, the two big men came to the playground together. Li Yuan did not say anything and pulled him directly to the place where he was riding the Ferris wheel.

Su Shi looked at Li Yuan with a look of disgust: "Do you want to do this kind of thing?"

Li Yuan looked at Su Shi with a deep gaze: "I heard that if a couple is riding a Ferris wheel, kissing when the Ferris wheel rises to the highest point, they will be together forever."

Su Shi’s heart skipped a beat, but he was extremely scornful on the surface: “Why don’t you say that if you make a wish when the Ferris wheel rises to the highest point, can the wish be realized directly?”

Li Yuan: "..." I did say that at the time, but I was corrected by you.

However, even if Su Shi was so disgusted, he finally sat in the narrow space of the Ferris wheel with Li Yuan. Two people sat face to face, and Li Yuan was staring at Su Shi brightly. Su Shi was inexplicably somewhat guilty. I turned my eyes away.

When the Ferris wheel is about to rise to the highest point, Li Yuan leaned forward and explored and continued to stare at Su Shidao: "The Ferris wheel will soon rise to the highest point. Do you want to make a wish or want to kiss a lover? ”

Su Shi finally looked at Li Yuan and looked at it in the next moment, but unceremoniously reached out and confessed Li Yuan’s handsome face: “I said, I am not going to talk about love now.”

Li Yuan was not angry at all. Instead, he took the opportunity to smack his face on Su Shi’s face. He was shocked and immediately took his hand back. Li Yuan was laughing and laughing: “I also said, you can be me and Not pursuing you."

Su Shi snorted and did not speak again, but after discovering that the Ferris wheel had passed the highest point, it began to slowly fall, and there was some regret in her heart.

After riding the Ferris wheel, Li Yuan took Su Shi and played all the items that could be played in the playground. Then he took him home with satisfaction.

Su Shi did not say anything along the way. He actually had a little bit of tangles in his heart. He had been busy with his studies and careers before, and he never thought about feelings. This is not because he is completely ignorant of this, but because A secret that is only known to him and hidden in the depths of his heart for many years.

With this secret in mind, Su Shi thought that he might not feel the heart of his life again, but now he is really excited about a person who has only been together for a short period of time.

This feeling is very subtle, and it doesn't make people feel annoyed, but he re-excavates the secret that he hides in the bottom of his heart, and he starts to feel uneasy and begins to feel distressed.

"What are you thinking?" Li Yuan's gentle voice came from the ear.

Su Shi immediately returned to God and looked up at the man who attracted his attention and made him feel the heart: "I wonder if I want to fall in love."

"Don't you say that you don't want to talk about love?" Li Yuanyi said that he would like to slap himself. As a person who wants to have a good relationship with Su Shi and has been talking about it, how can he Said that this kind of lifting a rock to lick your own feet?

Su Shi gave his eyes: "Thank you for your reminder, so I just think about it, not to change my decision."

Li Yuan: "..." was hurt by the feet in the shackles.





 Some people will feel very hard, very urgent, and very embarrassed, but some people will enjoy it, just as they have already seen the most satisfactory ending, so they are more interested in the roadside process. landscape.

Therefore, Li Yuan is not in a hurry. He even thinks that this process is a little longer and nothing, because it is the most beautiful memory.

Of course, the most important point is still on Su Shi. Although Su Shi has not promised his pursuit and determined the relationship between the two, he has never refused Li Yuan’s gentle and considerate manner to him. When dealing with this kind of thing, the kind of resolute style, the softness of the present is almost equivalent to agreeing with oneself.

However, as time went by, Li Yuan gradually gave birth to an anxious mood, which was very close. He also clearly felt that Su Shi was very fond of him, but it was between the two. Like a layer of anything, you can't touch the other side.

After a few months of getting along, this situation has not been alleviated. Li Yuan did not want to force Su Shi to make any decision. He could only turn around and torture the ball.

"Do you conceal me?" Li Yuan stood in front of the window with a glass of wine, his eyes condensed.

Although such a gaze does not fall on himself, the ball is still scared to squat: "Big... adults, I really have not deceived you anything, please believe me!"

Li Yuan was silent for a moment, and his fingertips knocked on the glass in his hand: "Tell the aunt to you, and repeat it again, don't miss any details."

"Okay... ok!" The ball is really afraid of Li Yuan. It is different from the kind of fear of playing with his own evil host. Li Yuan’s gas field is too strong, even if it is just a room. It will also bring tremendous pressure to it. "After leaving the last mission world, the host adults will come back to the real world, and they will also bring you the adults. He has already prepared for you. The perfect body, and your identity and past in the real world, every detail has not been missed.

After explaining the things related to you, the host told me to let me seal all the memories of his previous mission world. As for the reason, he only said that this would make things more interesting, others Did not mention it. But at that time, the host and I didn't know that you would wake up all the memory, so I would give it to me. If you can't find the host, or if you are unfortunate enough to come together, let me help you. Correct the error. Adults, I know only these, I really didn't deceive you. ”

I haven't known how many times I said this before the ball. Every time I finished speaking, I felt a sense of shivering. I was afraid that Li Yuan would be angry.

After listening to these words, Li Yuan did not speak directly, but watched the scenery outside the window silent, just as the ball did not know what to say, the black egg suddenly burst out.

And as soon as he appeared, he even sold the ball directly: "Adult, there is one thing, the ball has just forgotten to mention it."

Upon hearing this, the ball immediately smashed: "Black eggs, you and you... What are you talking about? You are going back soon!"

However, at this time, Li Yuan had turned his head and looked at it. The ball was suddenly scared and no longer dared to speak. Li Yuan’s eyes immediately cast his eyes on the black egg. He also clearly remembered in a certain world because For the sake of this derivative system, both myself and the aunt have suffered a lot.

Of course, that bitterness is nothing to Li Yuan, but during that time he could not get close to Su Shi, but let him remember it.

Li Yuan knew that Su Shi’s attitude toward this derivative system, but he did not specifically call it a lesson. However, at this time, seeing himself take the initiative to jump out, Li Yuan could not help but look him up and down, then he could not help Wrinkled his brow.

This thing that looks a lot like a derivative system seems a bit wrong. He moved his finger toward the black egg, as if there was any invisible force that caught the black egg's body and dragged it over.

The black egg seems to have no surprise in Li Yuan’s reaction. There is no struggle at all, but the ball is shocked: “Adult adults, black eggs, it’s not deliberately coming out, I will take it later. Go into the dark room and ask you not to punish it!"

Li Yuan didn't take care of the ball at all. He only observed the black egg in close and all directions. After a while, his glimmer flashed a glimpse: "It seems that you have made a choice?"

The black egg was silent for a moment and said: "Yes."

"If this is the case, then you should cherish your choice." Li Yuan talked, and then easily sent the black eggs back.

When the ball saw Li Yuan, he did not punish the black egg. He suddenly breathed a sigh of relief. He wanted to send the black egg directly back. He was worried that Li Yuan was not happy. He could only sway in front of the black egg: "Adult I just said that it is really true. I have never deceived you. The black egg must have been heard clearly at that time.

"I know." Li Yuan sighed softly, waved his hand and put two systems away, and he stood by the window for a while before drinking the red wine in the cup.

It seems that the treasures of his family do hide secrets that only he knows, and this secret is now waiting to be discovered.

During this period of time, it seems that there is no progress in getting along. It really makes Li Yuan feel a little lost, but he can never be discouraged. As he always thought, in the feeling that the ending is already determined to be complete, the process is more difficult. It is just an example of a good thing.

What he has to do now is to remove the invisible obstacles between the two, but he is not impatient. He will not act rashly without full control, because he will never allow himself to bring any love to him. hurt.

So in the next period of time, Li Yuan’s work was still taking care of Su Shi in a meticulous and gentle manner. He did not reveal his own thoughts even a little trace, nor did he show the slightest The eagerness of feelings.

Under such a gentle and considerate encirclement, Su Shi’s heart slowly gave birth to a kind of embarrassing meaning. He knew very well how he felt about Li Yuan now. The kind of heart and excitement that could not be hidden could not deceive people. He did move his heart, whether it was a look, a figure, or a character, but it was still very strong.

But at the same time, somewhere deep in his heart, he is preventing this emotion from continuing to ferment, preventing him from getting closer to the man and getting closer.

Although this prevention is extraordinarily small compared to the surging emotions of his heart, it is like a thorn inserted in the heart, although small, it can bring you pain.

Su Shi himself is also very clear that his thoughts are somewhat subtle, completely inconsistent with his previous style and style, but it seems that this man will unconditionally accommodate all his little temper, Su Shi actually enjoys this kind of enjoyment. Feeling of feelings.

Someone, even if you know that you are in the mood, will unconditionally tolerate you, considerate you, and even dare not make a little bit of things that may hurt you, this feeling is really fascinating.

But what followed was deeper and deeper, because he knew very well that his current behavior was not hurting the other side.

When hurting this man, Su Shi clearly felt that his heart was also suffering.

Can't continue this way, accept, or refuse, and he knows that in this case, only the possibility to choose the former, then he must remove the thorn of the heart.

Some secrets, I have been alone for too long, I am used to its existence, and will subconsciously feel that it is something that belongs to you, even if it is hurting you.

Even Su Shi, after seriously considering the time of a few days, decided to confess to Li Yuan.

On this evening, Su Shi directly pulled Li Yuan into his room. The two sat face to face: "Li Yuan, do you like me?"

Li Yuan’s gaze flashed, and he stared at Su Shi slowly spit out three words: “I love you.”

Su Shi’s heart is also a slap in the face. He suddenly feels that his previous actions may be really stupid. Since he is tempted, what secrets still care?

The thorn may have been made by ice. Has it melted in the enthusiasm of Li Yuan?

But what I said is still to say that Su Shi secretly took a deep breath and said with a serious tone: "I seem to love you a little."

"So you finally promised my pursuit?" Li Yuan excitedly clenched his fists, looking at the world of three thousand, and watching the world of three thousand, he was so excited for the first time.

Su Shi nodded and saw Li Yuan intend to rush straight over and hug himself, busy making a stop gesture: "But before that, I have one thing to tell you."

Li Yuan knows that Su Shi is telling himself that the secret he has been holding for a long time can only suppress the infinite sway and excitement of his heart, and straighten his back: "What is it?"

"It was a thing that happened to me a long time ago. I never mentioned it to anyone else." Su Shi smiled and said seriously.

He was about to tell Li Yuan about his secret, but he saw Li Yuan suddenly waved his hand: "Please don't say it."

Su Shi gave a slight sigh, and looked at Li Yuan with incomprehensibility.

Li Yuan gently held Su Shi’s hand and took a bit of distress in his earnestness: “If that incident hurts you, please don’t say it because I don’t want to hear it.”





 After hearing this sentence, Su Shicher completely stunned. He had already guessed the details of Li Yuan, and he must have discovered what secrets he was hiding.

He felt that the reason why the other party had never asked himself about this for a long time must be due to respect for himself or fear of hurting himself, but Su Shi did not expect that when he finally wanted to confess this When the incident happened, the other party even refused directly.

He said that if that incident hurts you, don't say it because he doesn't want to hear it.

How can he not want to hear it? He is only afraid to hurt himself again.

A subtle emotion hits the depths of Su Shi’s heart in an instant, so soft and so hot, almost instantly, the root of the thorn that has been buried for a long time is removed, and at that small gap, The moment of gushing is the joy and satisfaction of a hot lava.

"You don't want to hear, but I want to say it. Are you willing to listen to my secrets and keep this secret with me?" This is just a thorn, and now Li Yuan has climbed very gently. Naturally there will be no more concerns.

Li Yuan looked at Su Shi seriously, as if he was sure whether he really did not care about it. After a moment, he solemnly nodded: "I am willing."

Su Shi’s face showed a smile of total trust, and finally slowly told the secret that he had hidden for a long time.

"When I was not married to my father, my mother was already a famous actor in the entertainment industry. Later, after giving birth to her, she did not give up her career, and even wanted to let me go the same as her. Road," Su Shi’s hand was completely wrapped in Li Yuan’s big hand, just like the whole person was placed in an absolutely safe and soft environment. “When I was fourteen, she even invited a person. The young debut who just debuted came to the house to be a guest. I can understand her thoughts. After all, they are people of the same age and gender. It may be more convenient to communicate certain things. I don’t mean anything about the arrangement of the mother, but the attitude There is no compromise. After all, everyone has what they want to do. It is not necessary to change their own decisions without any mistakes because of the parents’ wishes."

Speaking of this, Su Shi looked at Li Yuan and looked at him. As if he was consulting him, Li Yuan looked at Su Shi seriously: "My thoughts are the same as you."

"After a while, that person will occasionally come to the house to be a guest. He has been performing well, not overstepping, nor being too unfamiliar. Every time he will bring some gifts to me. Slowly, the mother is also completely complete with him. Let go of the war and even allow him to come and visit at any time," Su Shi paused for a while, as if he was carefully remembering something. "Probably the seventh time he came to visit, the only family in the family, he brought Some snacks and drinks came over and said that I would like to play games with me while eating."

Hearing here, Li Yuan has been a little nervous: "What later?"

"Later he helped me unscrew the drink and handed it to me," Su Shi smiled a little, and deliberately sold it. "But I didn't drink the bottle of drink. Do you know why?"

Li Yuan shook his hand with Su Shi’s hand and shook his head: "Why?"

Su Shi sighed softly and revealed the answer: "Because when he took the bottle out, I saw it. It was a bottle of unopened drink. So even if his attitude does not see any problems. My eyes are also well hidden. I still don't drink the drinks he brought, or eat any snacks. But other than that, he didn't force me to do anything, just the last thing he left when he left. All taken away."

Li Yuan’s gaze became very fierce in an instant, and he held Su Shi’s hand with a slight force: “Is that person still there?”

Su Shi shrugged: "It should be alive, but I am afraid it is not very well mixed."

This answer does not satisfy Li Yuan, but he has a way to find out the situation of this person and make him more miserable. He has not asked Su Shi any more, but just asked another question: "This matter Does your parents know?"

Since Su Shi said that this is only the secret that he knows alone, it should be that he did not tell his parents.

"At that time, although I could understand a lot of things, my heart might still care about my mother's behavior, so I just hinted at her in a hidden way. If she didn't react, she would do it." When I said this, Su Shi actually had some embarrassment. As a person who set such a so cool, there would be such a middle two. This is really a very embarrassing thing.

But besides that, Su Shi’s actions are still worthy of his set. For example, after this incident, although he did not let his parents know about this, he quickly passed his own ability to let the man who wants to count him lose his name. Just after debut, I can no longer continue to mix in the entertainment industry.

However, after hearing this, Li Yuan slightly narrowed his eyes and tentatively said: "The reason why you didn't tell your parents is not just because of this?"

Su Shi looked at Li Yuan and looked at it. He couldn’t help but sigh and sighed: "Why do you want to know me this way? I want to hide it a bit. In fact, the person who wants to count me should be considered me. The first friend, he may be somewhat different for me."

"A fool, the person who knows the most about you in this world is me," Li Yuan reached out and licked Su's soft hair. "I want to know how I found it?"

Su said blinking: "How did you find out?"

"As your parents, there should be no less people who want to be friends with you around you, but you say that this person is your first friend. This shows that you will treat this person as a friend and you should Your mother is concerned," Li Yuan simply pulled Su Shi directly into his arms, his voice softly. "Because this is your mother brought to the house, so you try to believe him and try to be friends with him. Otherwise You won't accommodate him and play games with him. After all, you don't like to play games."

Su Shi smiled bitterly: "You are all right."

Or is it really just knowing yourself? Why is he so familiar with himself?

"That's why you didn't tell your mother about this, and didn't kill this person, but just drove him out of the entertainment circle. After all, you are so smart, it's okay to want him to be miserable." Li Yuan touched Su Shi’s face and sighed with some distress. “The first time I tried to make friends, I tried to believe in a person, I got this ending, and it’s no wonder that you will always remember this. ”

Su Yanyang looked up at Li Yuan’s eyes and said with a slight tone: “You said it’s 99%, but the last one percent is not right.”

Li Yuan glanced at him and bittained Su Shi a little unhappy: "The last one percent, can we ignore it?"

"Even if I don't say it, you are very clear in your heart?" Su Shi squinted at Li Yuan, as if he did not notice the helpless expression on his face.

Li Yuan looked a little wrong and looked at Su Shi: "I know very well, but I still don't want to hear you say it."

Of course, he knows that if Su Shi just regards that person as a friend, how can he be affected by the extent that he has not been in love for years?

Presumably, Su Shi was a little bit smug about that person, but he was just born, and he was completely killed because of the quick action of the other side.

At this time, Li Yuan was both annoyed, and the person even made his lover sad, and he was glad that the person did not really occupy the lover's heart. At one time, the mood was complicated and soft.

It tends to be stronger and more decisive, and the softer the heart is, the more soft it will be. Somewhere it is stabbed, even if the wound is small, it will be very difficult to heal.

For this reason, Su Shi will never try to talk about a good love again. This causal relationship makes Li Yuan feel distressed. You are secretly glad that although you should not think so, if the lover has not experienced it, he I may have talked about a few loves now, even married?

Recalling the initial encounter with Su Shi, Li Yuan understood why he could easily express himself to himself because he knew that it was only a virtual world and there was no need for any psychological burden. Therefore, he dared to let go of the gap in reality and be bold. forward.

And if at that time I did not encounter a huge test, I could only distract my soul in order to be alive, and I would not be with Su Shi.

With this in mind, the encounter between them is like being destined to meet the most perfect partner at the most appropriate time.

"Since you don't want to listen, I won't say it," Su Shi didn't know that Li Yuan was thinking about these things. He only thought that the other party was jealous, and he smiled and said, "I told you that this is not to recall the past. I want to confess to you the past, nothing more."

Because you are sure to start a new start, you must bid farewell to the past.

Li Yuan gripped Su Shi’s hand tightly, his eyes staring softly at each other: “I know, then do you want to know my past?”

Su Shi snorted a little and turned to smile: "Did you have encountered similar things?"

Li Yuan did not answer this question, but stared at Su Shi and seriously asked: "Auntie, have you accepted me now?"

If it is not really tempting, Su Shi will not tell Li Yuan the secret of his heart. At the moment, he nodded naturally and nodded. "I am ready to go through life with you."

"If this is the case, I can only say that your preparation may not be enough." Li Yuan raised his eyebrows and smiled, with a deep smile in his voice. Seeing Su Shi looked puzzled, this scraped him. The nose says, "Because the fate between us is more than a lifetime, it is born in the world."

Then, Li Yuan’s index finger slowly raised his hand and clicked on Su Shi’s eyebrows.

It seems as if a circle of shackles slowly swayed from Su Shi's eyebrows, and it seemed as if something had followed Li Yuan's fingertips and slowly passed into Su Shi's mind, letting him open his eyes in an instant.





 When a large string of memories suddenly poured into my mind, Su stunned for a few seconds, and successfully absorbed the long and romantic memory that belonged to him.

In the first world, he just thought it was interesting, or with some other kind of thoughts, he showed his heart to the person. He thought that he was only a tool to solve his mood, but he got the harvest far beyond his imagination. .

In the second world, he looked at the man who had no memory, but stubbornly guarded the past of his two in his own way. For the first time, he felt the heart.

In the third world, he just appeared, and that person married the beloved woman into the palace, which made him know for the first time what it feels like to be jealous.

In the fourth world, he knew that he was only an outsider who survived as a neighbor, or he told his opponent his real name.

I am afraid that at that time, he has already been completely framed, right?

The fifth world, the sixth world...

In every world he has experienced, the background and the plot are different, even his own identity is different, and the only thing that is the same is that the person has been with him and never left.

Even if they lose their memories, they will eventually come together and spend every good life together.

Su Shi thought that he was not a man of temperament, but the strong emotions that came from the bottom of his heart almost drowned him directly. This time, when this sentiment came again, he never had any doubts. concern.

The thorn in the bottom of my heart has been uprooted. What can he worry about?

After spending a few minutes, Su Shi completely clarified his memory and thoughts, and then he looked up at Li Yuan, and then went straight to make a long kiss.

For Li Yuan, who has been trying to chase people since this time, and has just become a positive result, this move is a surprise surprise. He immediately took Su Shi’s waist and seriously enjoyed this intimate intimacy. kiss.

At the end of a kiss, both of them were breathless. Su Shi kept the position of Li Yuan in his arms, and licked Li Yuan’s face with his nose. He said, "Dear, have you recovered your memory?" ?"

Su Shi’s original plan was to let the ball guide Li Yuan to find himself, to make a difference, to prevent the two from having no memory, and finally even the intersection could not be found, then it was embarrassing.

But the reality is obviously not the case. Li Yuan seems to have recovered the memories before. As for the ball, I don’t know where to go.

"Well, I have completely integrated the soul fragments and have memories of the past." Li Yuan kissed Su Shi on his face and his voice was full of satisfaction. "Just my soul is not stable enough, but also from the world." Take strength from it."

Su Shi raised Li Yuan's eyes, and the cartilage head seemed to lean in the other's arms: "So what do you mean, will I still have to do tasks everywhere?"

"Yes, but I will not block the memory in the future, so I will not let you bear those memories and burdens." Li Yuan kissed Su Shi's soft hair with a distressed kiss.

Two people clearly love each other deeply, but only one person remembers the past between the two, it is indeed a very torturous thing.

And the deeper you love, the heavier the torture will be.

The two people are already intimate and close, and they are the closest people in the world. Only you remember these past, only you know how sweet and mellow the two can be, but the other person only regards you as an ordinary friend. Even strangers.

Li Yuan came to this world for only a few months, but he already felt very tormented. It is conceivable that in those worlds before, Su Shi would be a state of mind when faced with everything.

However, Li Yuan may not know that some things are extremely difficult for him, but for Su Shi, it may be a blessing.

For example, when Li Yuan saw Su Shi for the first time, he couldn't help but stare at Su Shi. At that time, what he thought was that Aunt's lips looked soft and soft, so I wanted to kiss them. Aunt’s waist looks really slender and I want to touch it. The aunt’s finger is really long and beautiful, so I want to hold it. The aunt’s collarbone looks so delicate, I want to see it. The sly legs look really slender and I want to put them on my shoulders...

In general, when Li Yuan saw Su Shi’s first sight, he almost regarded his lover as X again, and he was thinking about how to turn these ideas into reality.

Every time Su Shi sees her lover again, she thinks, um, let him continue to lose his memory, so that I can relax for a while.

Or, do you want to hook up the lover late? Otherwise it will be very tired, the body will not be able to eat...

Can only say that this is the gap ╮ (╯▽╰) ╭.

However, excluding these strange problems, the two people's minds towards each other are absolutely sincere and touching. Even if they are worried about whether they will be killed in bed by their lover every day, Su Shi never let go of his lover, only once. Redeem some kind of props and eventually failed to use them.

And Li Yuan can't really violate the lover's will and directly make some excessive things.

Can only say that this is love (*/ω\*).

Su Shi doesn't really care how many worlds he still has to travel in. As long as there are lover companions, things that are boring seem to be interesting: "Then I will accompany you."

"Good." Li Yuan blinked his hand and raised his hand to pick up Su Shi's chin, and kissed him again.

Only this time, the two are obviously not as simple as kissing.

After more than two hours, Su Shi finally sat down from the bed and Li Yuan was satisfied with his face and smiled to help the tired lover prepare delicious food.

At this time, Su Shi summoned the ball.

"Hosted adults, you finally recovered your memory, this is just too good!" The ball was almost full of tears, which is probably the first time it felt that its host was so amiable.

Su Shi waved his hand: "Hey, don't cry, or the black egg will be distressed."

Black egg lying in the middle of the gun: "..."

The ball sobbed twice again, and it stopped. I was a little embarrassed to say: "I am thinking of the host, I miss you too much."

"I miss you too," Su Shi nodded in a perfunctory manner and asked, "Is there anything to explain to me?"

The ball: "..." obviously lost memory, how do you think about my anger! Don't think that my setting is silly and sweet, I really don't have any IQ!

However, even if I felt very dissatisfied in my heart, the surface of the ball did not show up, but answered truthfully: "The host integrity, the soul integrity of the Lord God seems to have met the requirements, so it will restore the memory, and should not be in the future. I will lose my memory again."

Su Shi frowned slightly and grabbed the key words and asked: "The Lord God?"

"Yeah, the man is actually the Lord God, but because of some shocks, the soul of the Lord God is crushed into a lot of soul fragments, scattered in the world, only to complete the main task, can successfully separate the Lord God The soul fragments," the ball first told Su Shi all the things he had learned, and then could not help but sighed, "I did not know that the head of the man was so big. When the Lord God found me, I Just scare you!"

Su Shi did not listen to the ball to sell stupid words, but seriously thought about a problem. If his lover is really the omnipotent god, then the main task and the squad task he had done before are not all. People carefully planned?

I thought that I became an **** directly in the third mission world. In the fourth mission world, I was forced to choose to become a fox, and I had to roll my bed with my lover 1000 times 1000 times as the main task. In the seventh and eighth mission worlds, he was forced to make two (American) mermaids in succession, and Su Shi’s teeth began to itch!

It feels like the black gas that surged from Su Shi, and the ball fluttered and fluttered back and forth: "Hosting adults, you, you, you... What happened to you?"

"Nothing, just thought of some interesting things." Su Shi smiled and gnashed his teeth.

The ball was not comforted by this sentence, but it was even worse. It smashed a few times and finally found an excuse for himself: "Hosting adults, I suddenly thought that I haven’t fed the black eggs today. Take a step first!"

After saying this, the ball has disappeared in an instant.

Once again, the black egg lying in the middle of the gun: "..."

When Li Yuan made a love meal and smiled and brought the food to his end, he saw a ball in the quilt, and the whole quilt exuded a strong black gas.

This made Li Yuan feel subconsciously a little bit bad, but still walked with a smile, patted the ball in the quilt across the quilt.

Li Yuan said softly: "You must be tired now, get up and eat something."

The quilt first trembled twice, then the ball under the quilt began to slowly move to one side, eventually resulting in a slightly unkempt head.

Although the lover’s arrogance is a bit scary, and it is likely to be related to himself, Li Yuan still feels that this kind of lover is so cute. He is trying to express this praise, and he will see Su Shi slowly. Raised his head.

Su Shi looked at Li Yuan with a dark face and bite his teeth: "Li Yuan, I have a few questions to ask you."

Su Shi’s hair has been messed up because of the movement of the bed. Although the expression on his face is a bit strange, he still feels cute in Li Yuan’s eyes.

So I didn't wait for Su Shi to ask the question. Li Yuan couldn't help but laugh. He pinched Su Shi's face and licked his hair. He said sincerely, "Dear, you are so cute."

Su Shi: "..." I have a mother to sell the batch must say it!





 Su Shi’s expression was fierce, and his movements gently opened Li Yuan’s hand. He just wanted to open his mouth with anger, and he saw Li Yuan turning his head and handing over the food he had personally made: “What’s the matter, wait until you fill your stomach first? Well, I can't bear to lose your temper when you are hungry."

After that, Li Yuan smashed two times on Su Shi’s head. Su Shi suddenly felt discouraged, and felt that this incident did not seem to be serious. In the end, it was just a little love for the lover.

Just as he knows that his lover will lose his previous memory every time, but he still can't help but turn into a savage madman, especially like watching his lover get a blushing heartbeat and can't hold it.

The relationship between lovers is probably like this. Without prejudice to the other party, there are some small calculations of their own. It is sweet to think about it.

Just as Su Shi recalled this, Li Yuan had already helped him with the food very gently and thoughtfully, and handed it to his hand.

Su Shi looked down and looked at all the dishes he loved, and his heart became more and more tempered: "You can also eat together."

"Good." Li Yuan smiled and nodded, but his heart was relieved. He knew Su Shi again. Naturally, he could see what he was just doing.

Although I don't regret the small interventions I have done before, if the lover really wants to settle accounts, he will certainly lose many of the benefits of being close to his lover in a short time, so he will lose more than hesitating.

In order to prevent the already beloved lover from revisiting the old things again, Li Yuan thought for a moment and started a topic: "Auntie, when do you think we will come out to your parents?"

Since the two are to be together, and naturally they must be together in a bright and straightforward way, then coming out will become a necessary process.

Su Shi was eating his favorite food and thinking about it seriously: "I don't think it is a good thing at the moment, it is better to go with the flow."

Su Shi’s parents are very open-minded people, and there are never many demands on Su Shi. Of course, this is mainly because Su Shi’s own enthusiasm is always a genius child of others, but at least from this point, Su His parents are not very strict with his management.

And Joe Ruo Shui often puts a word on his lips. The idea of ​​genius is always different. Does a man like him should be regarded as a different aspect of him?

Su Shi is not in a hurry here, but Li Yuan wants to have a name as soon as possible: "Auntie, I think we have already performed clearly enough. Presumably, your parents have already noticed it, just For some reason, I didn’t say it directly. Why is it that we are hiding?”

Where did Su Shi not see Li Yuan’s thoughts, he raised his eyebrow and smiled: "Dear, are you so anxious to give me the order?"

Li Yuan took a look at Su Shi’s side and stared at Su Shi seriously. “Well, I’m afraid someone will take you away.”

"Stupid, I have been yours for a long time. Who can still grab it?" Su Shi was teased by Li Yuan’s innocent little appearance, but his heart was sweet and warm.

Li Yuan’s eyes lit up and he screamed at Su Shi: “Auntie is the best for me.”

After that, Li Yuan hooked Su Shi’s chin and kissed him. Su Shi also put down the tableware in his hand and gave a gentle response.

Outside the room, Su Mingyun, who came to prepare to show off his new work to his son, silently took back the half-lifted arm and reddened the old face and went back to the room silently.

It seems that he has to discuss with his wife about his son coming out of the cabinet.

Su Shi’s life experience before the age of 20 is only one word to describe, which is the capital of Susu Sususu!

The family is harmonious and happy, everyone is praised, the mother is the shadow of the entertainment circle, the father is the Taishan Beidou in the art world, which makes Su Shi attract attention from the birth.

He did not live up to the expectations of both parents and everyone. He entered school at the age of three, finished junior high school at the age of seven, got a master's degree at the age of thirteen, established his own studio at the age of sixteen, and registered a company at the age of twenty-one. Su Shi has made the company successfully enter the ranks of the world's top 500.

At this moment, Su Shi is sitting in the top office on the 66th floor of the company. Looking down through the glass and looking at the whole city, he looks like he is thinking about serious issues, but in fact, he is just thinking about tonight. How to escape the lover's request for huan.

Since she and her lover have been released from the cabinet, Su Shi has been deeply immersed in this kind of anxiety. The demand for lover is so terrible that it is not something that normal people can satisfy.

Although there are system props to help repair the body, but the whole process is still very scary for Su Shi, because he is often unrelentingly done by Li Yuan! To! cry!

Every time I think of myself crying, and holding Li Yuan’s neck and pleading, Su Shi will be red-faced and feel that this day can’t live!

After confirming this idea again, Su Shi summoned the ball and asked seriously: "The ball, you remember that for a long time, a long time ago, the one that I asked you to exchange for me was harmless to the body. Props?"

The ball reacted for two seconds before it reacted. What props were said by the host, and suddenly it was blushing: "Well, remember... remember."

Looking at the ball that started to flash pink light inexplicably, Su Shi’s mind raised a string of ellipsis. By the way, he sighed. When did you start, even the most stupid ball became no longer simple?

Su Shi pumped the mouth of the mouth, and some couldn't bear to look straight into the ball: "Now give me the props."

"Okay, hey, wait!" The ball reacted slowly after a half-shoot, and looked at Su Shi with some shock. "Is the host adult ready to use this prop?"

Su Shi looked tiredly and looked at the shocked and gossip ball. He said helplessly: "Give me the props and you can go back and feed your black eggs."

"But..." The ball still wants to ask a few more questions, but seeing that his own host has started to wave the ball, he has to hesitate to hand over a certain item that has been collected for a long time to his own host, and then the committee has disappeared. "Host the adults, this thing must be used with caution."

Su Shi did not want to use this kind of props, but for his own health considerations, Su Shi bit his teeth and clenched the prop bottle, he decided to start tonight.

When it was time to get off work, Li Yuan continued to pick up Su Shi from work. The two exchanged a gentle kiss and then went home together.

Along the way, Li Yuan was chatting with Su Shi, but Su Shi appeared to be a little absent-minded. Li Yuan noticed it, but said nothing, but slowly picked up the corner of the mouth where Su Shi did not notice.

After dinner together, Su Shi went to take a shower, and when he came out, he urged Li Yuan to take a shower.

"Dear, wait for me to come back." Li Yuan did not forget to give him a kiss when he was pushed to the bathroom by Su Shi.

When Li Yuan went into the bathroom, Su Shi took out the props. He poured the props into the red wine, almost no need to shake, and the props were completely dissolved in the red wine.

Next, Su Shi was waiting for Li Yuan from the bathroom, although it was for his own personal safety, but when doing this, Su Shi still inevitably had some guilty conscience.

About ten minutes later, Li Yuan walked out of the bathroom, and a thin towel was hung on the thin waist. The delicate upper body was still dripping with drops of water, which looked very sexy.

Su Shi glanced at Li Yuan and swallowed his mouth subconsciously: "You are out."

"Is baby waiting for me?" Li Yuan came over and sat next to Su Shi.

"Yeah." Su Shi did not dare to go to see Li Yuan's eyes and directly helped him to pour a glass of red wine and hand it over.

Li Yuan took the red wine, and the fingertips deliberately screamed in Su Shi’s palm: “Dear, don’t you have a drink with me?”

Su Shi originally did not intend to drink this kind of added red wine, but when she thought of her ban on X, he couldn’t help but actually ban it from the ban, plus the heart of the heart, Su Shi also gave I poured a glass of red wine: "I will drink with you."

In Li Yuan’s eyes, the flash of light flashed, and the corner of his mouth also evoked a smile: “How did Auntie suddenly drink with me? Is it a good thing?”

Su Shi hurriedly looked at Li Yuan and thought, this matter is really a good thing for me, but I am afraid it is not for you.

"Nothing, just suddenly want to have a drink." Su Shi smiled and shook his head.

Li Yuan gently touched the wall with Su Shi and looked very good. "I think it is my lucky key. I might have drunk it. My good fortune is coming."

Su Shi’s eyebrows always felt that Li Yuan’s words seemed to be profound, but he’s a bit nervous now, and he’s too late to think carefully: “Maybe.”

Then, Li Yuan was very refreshed to drink the red wine in the cup. Seeing Su Shi looking at himself, he also raised his eyebrows and asked: "Why don't you drink aunt?"

Su Shi lowered his eyes, and then he raised the wine in his head and hand. After drinking, he was relieved and a little embarrassed: "Dear, this wine is actually..."

Just halfway through, Li Yuan’s finger was in Su Shi’s lips: “Baby, I know what you want to say to me.”

Su Shi’s heart raised a little uneasiness. He frowned and looked at Li Yuan: “What do I want to say to you?”

"This cup of wine was added, right?" Li Yuan smiled and looked at Su Shi.

Su Shi’s heart was tight and he had to admit his mistake. He listened to Li Yuan and continued: “I actually knew this thing, but if you don’t know, I replaced the props added here with another prop. ""

Another prop?

The restlessness of Su Shi’s heart was stronger, and then he suddenly felt that he was hot, like a fire in his body, and Su Shi suddenly understood what props Li Yuan said!

"Baby seems to already know the answer?" Li Yuan reached out and held Su Shi, who had already begun to be soft, in his arms, and kissed his mouth gently. "Spring is worth a thousand dollars. Before that, Auntie still has What do you want to tell me?"

Su Shi bites his teeth. What else can he say now? This feeling of selling yourself by myself is simply too sour!

Why did he not think before, since Li Yuan can cross the ball to make rules, obviously has absolute control over the system mall? !

It’s a misstep to become an old-fashioned hate, plus self-satisfaction, not to live, plus the lifting of a rock and licking your own feet, Su Shi simply regretted death!

Li Yuan is still looking at him slyly. It looks very happy. Although Su Shi is not really angry, she can't help but vomit two words with anger and anger: "Bad!"

When the words were spoken, Su Shi discovered that his voice had become a bit hoarse. What is even more terrifying is that there are some horrible things under his ass, which has become even more awkward!

Li Yuan laughed twice and hugged Su Shi to go to the bed. He said with a pleasant mood: "Auntie, this is the road you choose, even if you cry, you have to finish, because... I love you. ”

Su Shi couldn't help her head on Li Yuan's broad and powerful chest, but his mouth was secretly hooked up. His own choice of course would of course be completed.

Even if this road is extremely long, as long as he is accompanied, it is already good enough.

On this road, they will hold hands and keep going...

[End of text]




 Fan Wai - Ball X Black Egg

 It has been floating in the ruins of nothingness for too long, and there is only a piece of darkness around it, nothing else, which makes it almost forget about its past.

It is an auxiliary intelligent system, code 111, which has forgotten when it was made. It only vaguely remembers that its first host is a very young girl. Her body is full of vitality, like With infinite vitality, it looks cheerful and optimistic, full of enthusiasm for everyone.

But it is such a person who, when experiencing the third task world, was directly obliterated by the negative role because of the inconsistency, and disappeared from the world.

Its second host is a calm middle-aged man. He has always played a negative role in his mission. His acting skills are excellent and his methods are so hot that he has survived one world after another.

But slowly, it feels more and more intense blackness from this host. It is a very dark thought, full of destructive desire and destruction. He hates everyone in the world, and at the same time Hate every world.

He wants to destroy it all, just as he used to smear those lives. Once, he once asked him: "Why can't you hurt other characters' lives? Why should the task let me obliterate? Obliterate, while others can live well? Isn’t this an unfairness?”

It has no way to give him the answer, because even he doesn't know what the answer to these questions is. It's just a helper system to help the host complete the task, and that's it.

Later, its second host slaughtered all the human beings in the world in one mission, and was completely wiped out by the Lord God at that time.

And it also ushered in the third host.

Its third host is a handsome young man who looks very handsome. He is very fortunate. The task he gets is the protagonist. With the aura of the protagonist, he can do whatever he wants in the mission world and get everything he wants.

But following such a person, it feels very boring, but its feeling is not important, because its task is only to assist the host to complete the task, nothing else.

But it is such a very fortunate person who, after experiencing more than a dozen worlds, has gradually developed blackness. It is a negative emotion that is stimulated by desire. Because he gets enough, he wants to get it. More, even getting everything.

His aura of the main character allows him to get everything, but that is only a tool that the Lord God is placing him. When he chooses to defect from the mission, the Lord God does not hesitate to withdraw the aura of his character.

But this time, the Lord God did not directly kill him, but forced him to complete one task after another, so that he was forced to experience the endless pain of falling from the clouds into the abyss.

And it naturally accompanied him all the time. It watched him close to the collapse again and again, and once again stood up again and again, and was killed again, and countless vicious cycles.

Finally, one day, he probably realized that he could never get rid of such a tragic situation and chose to kill himself.

It can also vaguely remember that he had asked it before he erased himself: "Have you ever thought about why you existed? To be a good person or a bad person? To hurt others, or to help others? But in fact, these are not Important, we are just a piece in the hands of the Lord God, good or bad, he has the final say, but he is actually bad."

It understands the words of this person, but it does not have any emotions. After all, it is always just a smart system. If there is no system of unnecessary feelings, what kind of emotion can it send out?

But it never imagined that after a long time, its body actually began to produce black gas, but it did not feel that it had any negative emotions, it did not resent anything, nor thirst for anything, these black gas Where did it come from?

It wasn't until a long time later that it realized that its blackness came from exhaustion and burnout. It didn't want to see that its own host was obliterated one after another. We didn't want to continue this inexhaustible and meaningless task. We didn't want to continue this way... ...

This kind of emotion has become more and more intense with the passage of time. Finally, one day, it gave up the task and exiled itself.

The Lord God quickly discovered this, and he threw it into the ruins of destruction, trying to obliterate its existence.

It thought that his ending would be like the previous ones, waiting for him to disappear completely. After all, it has no desire to continue to exist, but what surprised it is that its consciousness did not And die.

It floats alone in the dark ruins without borders, and it is only ridiculous around it. It is only after a long time that it realizes that it has not been completely obliterated because it already possesses its own spiritual consciousness, not the Lord God. Its consciousness.

But even so, what does all this mean?

It floats in the boundless darkness, and seriously thinks about this problem. There are so many people or systems that want to survive that are ruthlessly obliterated. Instead, it is a system without any desire to survive, and it survives. This is not itself. Is it a very ironic thing?

But it can't destroy its own life, because it has never been this option in its database.

Everything is slowly advancing. It doesn't know how long it has been outside, and how long it has been here. It is thought to be waiting for its own. It will be such a long and ridiculous and endless meaningless. But one day, it actually saw a little light in this dark ruin.

A tender, curious voice drifts into its ridiculous world: [Hey, where is it here? It looks a bit scary, as if there is no useful data to mine. ]

But before it even reacted to the reactor that became dull because of the long silence, the light was fleeting, and the sound disappeared without a trace, as it never happened.

A feeling of loss is pervasive, which is probably the first time it feels regret and disappointment. It is somewhat self-deprecating, and a little expecting that the voice will come again.

I thought this was just a little extravagant hope, and it could never become a reality. After all, this is the absurd ruin of the burial system. Even if the other party appears again, the possibility may only be the end of being obliterated. If so, it would rather not hear it again. That voice is gone.

When I think of it, its mind suddenly has a problem. In the long time it has been floating here, how long has it been that there has not been a new system that has been obliterated?

This question can't be answered because it doesn't know how long it has floated here.

Time continued to move slowly, except for the brief embarrassment, no other difference, but one day, the dazzling light appeared again.

[Hey, how come I ran here again? I blame the host adults only knowing to talk to the man about love all day, no matter what I am, it makes me so boring to go around. The tender voice came, and although it has passed, I don’t know how long it is, but when it hears this voice again, it is inexplicably intimate.

That is his own kind, it can determine this.

It wants to open the voice, let it stay here for a while, and fear that once he enters here, he will never go out again, so the contradictory idea makes it always open.

But this time, the light did not leave immediately. Instead, it slowly explored several data lines and reached the ruins. The voice continued: [Where is it here? It looks really a bit scary, but it seems that there is nothing inside? Eh! No, there seems to be a lot of data in it. Is there anything interesting? ]

It didn't respond, but thought in the heart, here is the place where the system was obliterated. What interesting things can there be? Even if there is, it is only the despair and fear before being smothered, or it is strong hatred and anger.

Thinking of this, it looked at the data line tentacles that had slowly extended into the ruins, hesitated, and finally wrapped up with his own data. I don't know why, he didn't want the same kind to see any dark and negative data.

After the data contact between the two parties, the other party gently slammed, and the data tentacles followed up and stalked into their own data.

It tried to restrain its emotions, and did not make strange noises. This is the first time that it has blended with other system data, so that the other party is so deeply inside their own data. This feeling is too subtle, let it control its mind. Can not stop to beat twice.

The feeling is like the heart that has never beaten, and finally regained its vitality at this moment and started to work normally.

However, the reaction of the other party was a little disappointing: [It seems that there is no interesting data, but what is the place here? In such a large space, there is nothing, this is too strange, right? ]

So chanting, the other party has slowly recovered its data tentacle, which made it a bit reluctant, just as it hesitated to entangle the other side, it suddenly felt a strong suction came, and then it Was sucked into the huge database by the other party.

[Although it is useless, I still bring it back to make a commemoration. After all, after so long, I actually found it here. And... when I first came into contact with the group data, it seemed to be quite comfortable. The other party said so, and then left in a happy mood.

It never thought that he would leave this place in this way, but it felt faint surprises and expectations, and the tiredness that had once faded slowly became a subtle, beautiful feeling.

But after all, it is a database of other systems. It doesn't dare to act rashly. It just listens to the broken thoughts of the other party every day, and the complaints about its host, which makes it interesting and painful. A touch of happiness piled up.

Maybe for yourself, this is the best ending, right?

Being able to leave the ridiculous ruins and encounter such a lovely kind of thing is something that it was completely unimaginable before, but now it has become a reality.

Until one day, this cute system called [ball] began to break.

[Several exchanges, is it really ok? Host adults should not be deliberately teasing me? He always does such a thing, it is too annoying, but... but what if it is feasible? If the two systems can really count, can it be a very happy thing? ]

At first, it didn't fully understand the meaning of the ball. It was just a conditional reflection in the database that helped it to look back at the time when its data was slowly integrated into the data of the ball, so it immediately understood [number] The true meaning of the same, at the same time began to silently.

Number exchange? Not paying? Number exchange? Not paying? Number exchange? ......

Its daily focus has become this, and watching the ball pull out the data in its huge database to form a new database.

Cooperating with the word [number], it immediately understood the intention of the ball to do so, not only felt that the ball's move was silly and cute, but also secretly ate it.

Does the ball feel that you can find a system and you can make a number?

The vinegar in my heart is more and more piled up with the same behavior of the ball every day. Finally, it finally can't bear to get into the data of the group. If you want to count, please look for me.

But you can only count with me, no other system can.

However, even if the mind thinks this way, it does not have the courage to face the ball directly. The ball is too naive and kind, and it is full of dark and negative atmosphere. This is really qualified for the ball. ?

At the same time, after leaving the database of the ball, it quickly felt the existence of the Lord God. Is the owner of the ball the main god?

This idea made its mind suddenly covered with a black mist. If this is the case, what should it do?

Thinking of the ruthlessness and arrogance of the Lord God, its heart is immediately full of negative emotions, but when it comes to the ball, it can't bear to hurt the other side, but in fact, if it does nothing, is it really hurting the other party?

In such a contradictory mood, it has never been "awake" in front of the ball, but it is keenly aware that the host of the ball seems to have been discovered, and if it continues, it will be exposed. By then it will probably be erased again.

But for it, this is not the most terrible. The most frightening thing is that it may never see the ball again, and it can no longer be counted with it.

With all sorts of doubts, this mission world has finally come to an end.

At that moment, it forced itself to make a bold decision to temporarily block the ball's control of the database and transfer the ball's host to a highly dangerous mission world.

Can not be found, can not leave the ball, this is the main reason for it to make this decision.

But it does not directly put the host of the ball to death, perhaps because it is with the ball, it has made its heart soft, or it does not want the ball to resent itself, in short, the ball After the host has passed, it has no further intervention.

In the process, it is also investigating things related to the Lord God.

Before that, it clearly recognized the breath of the Lord God. Although the breath was greatly weakened compared with the past, such powerful and majestic power was only possessed by the Lord God. However, the breath of the Lord God seems to be different from the past. His power is no longer violent and ruthless, but full of gentleness and tolerance.

This kind of cognition is probably one of the reasons why it does not take advantage of the strength of the other party and is directly weakened.

After a period of exploration, it finally found that the current Lord God is no longer the ruthless and ruthless main god. It is no wonder that the power of the Lord God will be weakened so much. It is no wonder that for a long time, there has been no systematic obscenity.

At this time, it finally realized that he had made a huge mistake before, and its ball must have its anger.

This thought made it a bit confusing, and it was inexplicably relieved. The panic was naturally a matter of the ball, and the relief was because the once-dominant **** had died out, and the three thousand worlds no longer had to be squandered.

Then the next question is how to get the ball forgiveness.

It first released the consciousness of the ball, and the other party began to lose their temper when they met, crying and clamoring to find their own host, which made it feel both distressed and anxious.

But it really does not dare to throw the ball to its host at this time, otherwise he may not really forgive himself, after all, the host of the ball does not seem to be irritating.

So for the next period of time, the ball cried, it was next to help it collect data tears, patiently appease, apologize carefully; the ball, it sent their own data to let the other side whipping; the ball turned it off Little black house, it will wait...

After a period of running-in, the ball is still very angry on the surface, but it knows that the ball is actually soft.

In the case that the ball is not known, it ran to save the host of the ball several times. After doing this, it released the ball and went to find its host.

Although the ball is very self-blaming, it also smashed it, but did not say that it would be thrown away, even secretly speaking for himself, and the host of the ball, although it is difficult to deal with, is not a sultry person. I did not pursue this matter too much, nor did I say that I would drive it away.

This result finally made it sigh for a long time. As long as it can stay with the ball, it is already satisfied. The only thing that makes it feel a little depressed is that the ball has given it a name, called [black egg]. ].

Black eggs, huh, huh, huh.

But since it is the name given by the ball, what else can it do? It can only be taken care of, but at the same time, it began to think more and more about the number of balls.

So when the ball finally disappeared, and after throwing it away, it immediately rushed over and squirmed out his countless roots of data tentacles: [The ball, let's count it. ]

Round ball: [Hmm? Ok... alright. (*/ω\*)]



Fan Wai - Overbearing President Prisoner's Pet

 Su Shi was pushed down on the bed by Li Yuan, his hands were ruthlessly pressed against the top of his head, and his legs were pressed and pressed, and he could not move at all.

"Li Yuan, you let me go!" Su Shi's eyes blushing red, his voices are sobbing.

Li Yuan was unmoved, and his eyes full of exclusivity kept his eyes on Su Shi. He bit his teeth and said: "I want to let you go, it is impossible!"

Su Shi stunned Li Yuan, and the crying in the voice was more obvious. There was also a deep hatred: "Li Yuan, you killed my circle, I can't forgive you in my life." It's even less likely to be with you. Even if you imprison me here, I will find a way to escape!"

The ball of innocent lying gun: "...host adult, I still live well, don't curse me, and you play your forced play, why do you want me to back the pot?

Li Yuan’s gaze flashed slightly, and his eyes flashed a touch of injury, but then his gaze became even more fierce: “Even if you hate me, I will leave you with you for a lifetime, you can’t escape!”

Su Shi over-headed and didn't want to talk to Li Yuan again. Li Yuan had to clamp his chin and let him look at himself: "Auntie, you are mine, it can only be mine!"

"Perverted!" Su Shi’s mouth condemned evilly, but his heart was dark.

Su Shi used this language to describe, Li Yuan's gaze was a bit darker. He stared at Su Shi for a while, then looked down and kissed Su Shi's **** thin lips.

Even at this time, Su Shi still did not forget to fight hard, not only biting Li Yuan’s lips, but also messing up the clothes on both of them, it seems that the battle is very intense.

Until Li Yuan completely occupied him, Su Shi was vented and no longer struggled, but his eyes shed two tears of ji (dong): "Li Yuan, even if you occupy my body, I am absolutely It’s impossible to succumb to you, I’ve been in my life... oh... you... you slow down...”

At the end of the day, Su Shi has not been able to say the complete words because of Li Yuan’s attack. He can only suffer from the violent offensive of the other side.

I don't know why, today's Li Yuan is particularly eager and violent, and the duration is particularly long, making Su Shi almost unbearable.

At first, Su Shi would bite him twice, or complained hard. As a result, the more he did this, the more vigorous Li Yuan’s spirit was, and the strength of Su Shi’s biting and swearing was gone. Can only bear with powerlessness.

At the end of the day, Su Shi directly squatted on the bed, let Li Yuan hold the bathroom to clean, but can no longer say a line, in contrast, Li Yuan is refreshed, and there is a lame smile in the corner of his mouth. meaning.

After Su Shi was cleaned up, he also sneaked into Su Shi’s ear and smiled and swore the sovereignty: "You are mine, you can't escape."

Su Shi was so tired that she didn't want to move her fingers, but she still pulled her eyes open in a gap and replied with a hoarse voice: "Dream!"

It’s just that these two words are really soft and weak. I heard Li Yuan’s heart and heart, and I almost didn’t control myself. I could only bite Su Shi’s ear and sigh: “People are mine, see how I punish you at night. ”

Su Shi snorted weakly and went to Li Yuan’s arms and quickly slept.

The next morning, when Li Yuan got up, Su Shi was still asleep. He gently got up and washed, and then kissed softly under the corner of Su Shi’s lips, and he went out.

When I got downstairs, the young servant was ready for a hearty breakfast. When I saw Li Yuan, he hesitated for a while, but couldn’t help but say: "Sir, Mr. Su has been reluctant to eat since yesterday, and then continue this way. His body will not hold."

Li Yuan’s meal was a meal, and his eyes flashed a bit of coldness, but he was merciless: “Since he refuses to eat, let him go hungry.”

"But..." The servant still wanted to persuade, but he was glanced at Li Yuan.

"Don't say it again, wait for him to starve to death, you will tell me again." Li Yuan snorted, but he thought in his heart, his lover is really too dedicated, for the plot, even delicious food is not eaten, go eat There is no taste of the Gudan.

With such a thought, it seems that it is not kind to behave like this.

Li Yuan frowned and thought about it. It was like being mad at this thing. The breakfast didn’t continue to eat. He stood up and walked outside. The maid watched Li Yuan leave, then sneaked back to the room and picked up the phone and dialed a No.: "Qin Shaoye, Mr. Li was the night in Su Shi’s room last night, but I think that Mr. Li is not valued by the man. Su Shi did not eat for a whole day. Mr. Li did not say anything. It seems that I am angry because of this."

Soon, there was a voice of a young man mad at the end of the phone: "The **** must be the Ayuan he seduce, really mad at me!"

"Mr. Qin does not want to be angry. I think that Mr. Li is only playing with Su Shi. When you get married, he will naturally be relieved." The maid whispered comfortably here.

The man on the phone groaned a few words, slowly calmed down, and asked coldly: "I let you take the medicine, have you got it?"

The maid said: "Su Shi does not eat or drink now, I have no chance to take medicine."

The man was silent for a while, and he said: "If you can't find a suitable opportunity, just throw the medicine directly, and save the time when Ayuan is aware of it, and then involve unnecessary trouble."

"What should I do now?" The maid asked in a hurry.

"Isn't Su Shi always wanting to escape? Then you will help him escape. The next thing I will arrange." The man's voice is full of haze and sizzling.

"But if this matter was discovered by Mr. Li..." Although he promised to help Qin Xing, the servant could not completely ignore his own safety.

Qin Xing directly interrupted his words and impatiently said: "You can rest assured that even if this matter is discovered, it has nothing to do with you. After all, you just sympathize with Su Shi, and will release him. As for other And it has nothing to do with you. Besides, even if he really wants to punish you, isn't there still me?"

After hearing this, the maids let go of their heart and agreed: "I will try my best to do this."

"If you have any situation there, you can contact me at any time." After explaining this sentence, Qin Xing hangs up directly.

The servant put down the phone and secretly took a deep breath and began to think about how to accomplish it.

On the second floor of this time, Su Shi was lying on the bed, eating a fresh and hearty breakfast, listening to the dialogue between the maid and Qin Xing, and waiting for the end of the call, Su Shi was almost full.

After letting the ball clean up the rest of the breakfast, Su Shi lie on the bed and start thinking about life. Of course, it is mainly because the battle last night was too intense. He still feels weak and can't climb up.

Although Li Yuan’s performance last night made him somewhat uncomfortable, it’s quite exciting to think about it. It’s really fun to force what to play.

So what should I do next?

Since Qin Xing has already thought about how to deal with his own methods, is he a fake match or is it directly exposed?

Su Shi thought about it and quickly made a decision. He sent a message to Li Yuan: [Dear, I am going to run away with others, do you feel surprised? Not unexpected? Is the thorn not irritating? ]

Li Yuan quickly gave a reply: [I don't want to die in bed, just pick it up. ]

Su Shi took a slap in the mouth, is this lover addicted? Even if the information is sent out, there is a fan of the overbearing president. He is going to be mad at him: [If this is the case, then I can only wait for you in bed (*/ω\*). ]

Two seconds later, Li Yuan’s phone came in. Su Shi’s mouth was connected, and he heard Li Yuan’s low-pitched voice coming from inside: “Little fairy, want me to go back and love you?”

This title made Su Shi’s mouth again two times: “The big president, you can’t see me when you come back now, because I will soon run away with others.”

"Is the strategy that Qin Xing wants to come out?" Li Yuan asked.

Su Shi should have a voice, like a smile: "He intends to let your family's servant release me, and then find a suitable elopement object for me."

"I should let them disappear before." Li Yuan's tone was a little wronged.

"It’s interesting to keep them. Then, if they are not there, where is the imprisonment forced to play?" In the end, Su Shi’s voice has already appeared a bit lazy.

Li Yuan only felt that somewhere in his body was tight, his voice became lower: "So, you should stay with them for a while."

"Then I am happy to run away with others, you remember to catch X!" Su Shi happily hung up the phone.

After communicating well, Su Shi climbed up from the bed, dressed and went downstairs.

The servant was not able to get close to Su Shi. When he saw him take the initiative, he naturally couldn't help himself. He quickly went forward: "Is Mr. Su ready to use breakfast? I am going to prepare for you."

Su Shi sat on the sofa and shook his head in a gloomy expression: "I am in this place, I can't eat anything, you don't have to bother to prepare breakfast for me."

“Is it really not needed?” The maid showed a special concern for Su Shi.

Su Shi smiled weakly at him: "Thank you, but I really don't need it. I really can't eat anything."

The maid sighed and asked: "It seems that Mr. Su seems to have something to worry about. If you have any questions, you can tell me that I may not be able to help, but it is definitely a good listener."

Su Shi turned to look at the maid and said with a sad attitude: "If you can let me leave this place, it would be fine."


 Su Shi’s words are in line with the servant’s intentions, but he did not dare to be too obvious. He could only swear and persuade: “Why did Mr. Su want to leave here? Mr. Li is very good to you, you are Li Mr. brought back the first person here."

"Hey, completely ignoring my wishes, forcibly imprisoning me here, is this all right for me?" Su Shi snorted, his voice filled with resentment and unwillingness. "I am a person with my own thoughts. Instead of a toy, a pet, why should he keep me here? Still like that to me!"

Speaking of this, Su Shi deliberately helped the waist, revealing a shy (ai) shame (mei) shame (mei) mei (mei) shame (man) heavy (zu) expression: "Li Yuan is completely thorough Metamorphosis!"

I am sitting in the office, thinking about who my lover will run away with, and how can I catch X's Li Yuan inexplicably sneeze, is it aunt who wants him?

The servant looked at Su Shi’s waist and inexplicably felt a bit sour. “Does Mr. Su really not like Mr. Li at all? Mr. Li is handsome and has a successful career. He is the president of a big company. Isn’t Mr. Su really not at all excited?”

The servant’s words are full of sorrow and unwillingness. If Mr. Li looks at him, he will wash himself and send it to Mr. Li’s bed. Unfortunately, he has been a servant for two years here. Mr. Li did not even look at him even when he saw it.

Su Shi grinned and continued to pull hatred: "Why should I be motivated by a strong X? Even if his objective conditions are good, his looks are handsome, his career will be successful, and he will still imprison me forever. I don’t like people like me all night long! I know how he treated me last night? He even tied me up, my hands were by him..."

"Su... Mr. Su..." The servant heard his face green, and quickly interrupted the description of Su Shi's restriction. "In this way, Mr. Su really wants to leave here?"

"Of course." Su Shi firmly nodded in cooperation.

The servant adjusted his mentality, and his face slowly became awkward and struggling. Such a fake acting, Su Shi felt that he couldn’t bear to look straight, but when he thought about it, he still resisted it without revealing it. The small promise said: "If anyone can help me out, I will be very grateful to him."

The maid’s eyes were bright, but it was difficult to say: “I heard that Mr. Su said that I really want to help you, but I am just a servant hired by Mr. Li. If I really do this, it must be Will be dismissed by Mr. Li."

Su Shi listened, first, a slight glimpse, then the expression gradually filled with expectations, and the implicit excitement: "Yeah, you are the servant here, you must be able to pass the door to the door, as long as you are willing to help me, I will be able I left here smoothly!"

"But... I can't..." The maid shook his head blankly, but his face was obviously hesitant. It seemed that he wanted to help Su Shi, and he was worried that he would be punished for this incident.

Su Shi, no matter how much, directly rushed to eagerly said: "Please help me, but I was too late to accept it yesterday night. If I have to come a few more times, my life may be waiting. It’s here! And I really hate Li Yuan’s self-righteous guy. Even if he is dead, I will never be with him. Do you really have the heart to make me so painful?”

Already leaving the office, Li Yuan, who is going to go to catch X, is sneezing again. Does the lover think of him again?

Su Shi was so begging, the attitude of the servant was shaken a bit: "I really want to help you, but if this thing is really known to Mr. Li..."

"You can rest assured that the servants of Li's family are not only one of you. As long as you and I don't say it, Li Yuan can't know who let me go. You helped me so much, I can never sell it. Yours!" Only blame, Su Shiyi is assured of words.

The servant hesitated for a while, and then made up his mind: "Well, look at your poor life, I will help you this time."

"Thank you so much!" Su Shi thanked happily.

"But I have to go back to the room to prepare, you are waiting for me for a while now." The maid thought about it and got up and went back to the room.

Su Shi certainly knows that he is going to go back to the house to prepare for what he is going to do, but he has not asked too much. He just waited patiently in the living room. After about ten minutes, the maids returned.

"Are you ready?" Su Shi stood up from the sofa and asked anxiously.

The servant nodded, as if he was worried that Su Shi would be suspicious, and he did not dare to be too urgent, but the light in his eyes was too obvious: "I will send you away."

After that, he crept and walked out.

However, in Su Shi’s view, his movements are simply spicy eyes, Li Yuan is not at home, and you are so cautious, who do you want to see?

Su Shi wiped her face and walked behind the maid with helplessness and went out of the villa door.

"Thanks to you, I can escape. Thank you so much!" Su Shi said with excitement, thinking about the upcoming X-playing code, his careful liver jumped out.

The maid seems to be relieved: "I also think that Mr. Su is too pitiful to help you, then I can only help you here. After the road, Mr. Su will go on alone. You must take extra care!"

"You can rest assured, I will, you have to take care!" Su Shi nodded seriously, then turned and left.

As he walked, Su Shi did not forget to send a message to Li Yuan: "The elopement issue is ready, please be prepared to respond at any time, please reply."

Half a minute later, Li Yuan: "...there is a good preparation for the work, and the forced play is about to open. Please be physically prepared."

Su Shi: "... As a professional, I have to remind you that the most important thing to force play is acting."

Li Yuan: "The body and acting are indispensable. In other words, I hope that you can maintain excellent acting under the touch of love."

Su Shi: "... Goodbye!"

The people of Qin Xing were very mobile. Su Shi had just left the villa area and was surrounded by several black people.

Su Shi looked at a few people with jealousy and said with a deadly voice: "Who are you? Is it Li Yuan sent you? I tell you, even if you die, I will not go back with Li Yuan!"

I don’t know who Li Yuan is, four men: “...”

"Don't talk nonsense, let's take a trip with us!" The leading man took the lead in reacting.

"You are not from Li Yuan?" Su Shi’s expression gradually turned from vigilance to suspiciousness. "If you are not from Li Yuan, I will follow you."

Four men who didn't expect things to go so smoothly: "..."

"We are not from Li Yuan." The leading man almost never knows what to look like.

Su Shi was happy to nod: "Then I will go with you."

Until Su Shi followed them into the car, a few talents came back to God, when did the task of plundering people become so simple?

Su Shi followed the four people to a hotel, and the environment should be good. After going to the 10th floor, the four men took Su Shi to the door of a luxury suite.

Su said with a wink: "Do we want to live here tonight? But I don't have money on my body now, I can't afford to live in this hotel."

Four men squeezed Su Shi into the door of the room: "Don't talk nonsense, go in!"

Su Shi did not resist, but shrugged his shoulders and pushed the door open.

As soon as he entered the room, Su Shi heard the sound of slaps from the bathroom. The shower didn't close, and he was not afraid of being hot to others' eyes.

Su Shi did not peek at the bathing of others. The "others" here included everyone except Li Yuan, so he went straight to the sofa in the living room and sat down to continue to send messages and talk about love with his own old attack.

Su Shi: "I am already in the hotel. The person is taking a shower. Do you want me to peek?"

Li Yuan: "In addition to me, you still want to peek at other people? Qin Xing has contacted me, I will be there soon."

Although he only sent information, Su Shi still felt that Li Yuan’s tone was not good, but he was particularly willing to continue to die: “Would you like to go to see two eyes first, maybe you are interested?”

This time Li Yuan did not send a message, but a phone call. Su Shi was afraid of arguing that someone was taking a shower. He hung up the phone and smiled and continued to send a message: "So you have to hurry, otherwise if I If you accidentally see something that you shouldn't see, you can't blame me."

Li Yuansheng quickly returned information: "Little fairy, don't have to get out of bed tomorrow!"

Su Shi smiled and put away the phone.

About five minutes later, the sound of the water in the bathroom finally stopped. After another three minutes, a middle-aged man with a normal appearance and a round body came out of the bathroom and saw Su Shi sitting on the sofa, and immediately rushed. The land has come over.

Su Shi looked at it, and the short, ugly man opened his eyes in green light: "It’s good to be long, is it?"

Su Shi turned his eyes: "It was not a few hundred years ago."

"Isn't it tight, as long as the taste is good, let it go." The man's saliva is flowing down.

Because the man who had just showered simply put on a bath towel, Su Shi’s eyes fell on him: “As long as it is the person I like, I usually put it open, but it doesn’t seem to matter to you. ”

"Looking at the temper is quite strong, I like it." The man drooled and tried to lean over. As a result, he just lifted his foot and fell to the ground with a slap. He came to a shit.

Then, the door of the luxury suite was opened from the outside. Li Yuan walked in with the momentum of grabbing X in the bed, and saw his lover sitting quietly on the sofa, next to the ground. The sly picture of the ya man.

The next moment, the quiet and quiet lover instantly smashed up from the sofa and ran on the back of the man on the floor to run in the bedroom: "Li Yuan, I will never go back with you!"

Li Yuan: "..."



 Li Yuan stood in the doorway for a while, and after returning to God, he immediately walked into the luxury suite, followed by several people.

"You should solve this person first, and then wait outside," after commanding this sentence, Li Yuan stepped in a hurry to step on the back of the man who had just stepped on the foot of the lover, and hurriedly chased the bedroom. In the mouth, I also tried my words with due diligence. "Su Shi, you can't escape, see how I punish you this time!"

Standing in the house: "..." I feel that they are really a lot.

The chunky ugly man who was stepped on two feet and could not climb completely: "..." No, I am the most redundant.

When Li Yuanyi entered the bedroom, he saw Su Shi sitting on the balcony and swaying his legs. As soon as he saw himself coming in, Su Shi’s expression suddenly became alert: “Li Yuan, don’t come over! If you come over again, I will jump from here!"

"..." Li Yuan pretended not to see the fence outside the window, and looked at him with horror and anger. "Auntie, is it with me, is it so difficult for you to accept? To get rid of me Have you even ignored your own life?"

"Yes! I just don't want to be with you. If you let me be with you, it's better to die directly!" Su Shi stalked his neck, his voice was filled with anger, but soon, he The eyes are slowly red, and there is a little trembling in the voice. "Li Yuan, can't you let me go? There are so many good men in the world, can you not find them?"

Although I know that Su Shi is only acting, but after hearing this, Li Yuan still feels a pain in his heart: "Auntie, if I can, how can I bear to hurt you? If I can choose to let go, I have already done so. But I can't do it at all!"

Li Yuan’s breathing became heavy and his voice seemed to be suppressed: “Auntie, I just love you too much, I can’t stand you not by my side, I can’t stand it every time I wake up, I can’t see you. I can't stand you disappearing into my world, aunt, I really can't do it..."

After a pause, Li Yuan grabbed his eyes and muttered: "Auntie, don't you know? You are my redemption. Without you, the whole world has no meaning for me."

Su Shi looked at Li Yuan with a bit of a dull look. It seemed to be a little moving, and it seemed like he was struggling. After a while, he slowly walked down from the balcony and walked to Li Yuan, and took the initiative to hug him: "Dear, you seem to be too entertaining, or do we have to take a break before continuing?"

Who knows the next moment, Li Yuan directly reached out and hugged Su Shi, and also leaned into his ear and laughed: "It seems that I played really realistic, even the aunts were deceived by me, and you are afraid to escape. It won't fall."

"Bad! You are deceiving me, let me go, I want to jump from here!" Su Shi also broke out in acting, struggling.

Even so, Su Shi can still clearly feel that Li Yuan’s words are not in acting, but in expressing his inner feelings. This makes Su Shi feel very distressed and his heart becomes very soft.

Su Shi thought of the third task world, because he had to punish the lover who married other women into the palace. He deliberately plucked his lover and pretended that he did not temper his lover. The result was almost hardened by the lover.

But even in such a world of distinct classes, he is just a lover who is insignificant around his lover. The lover does not really force himself at the most critical moment.

I clearly love to enter the bone marrow, can not give up, but would rather break the bones, and do not want to hurt the people, this is the most let Su Shi moving and remember.

It is the luck of his life to meet such a deep love of himself.

"It's already late, since I have already caught it, then don't want to run." Li Yuan said as he put Su Shi on the bed and pressed it up.

Su Shi struggled desperately and wanted to get up, but he saw Li Yuan not knowing where to pull out a red ribbon and directly kidnapped his wrist.

"You... what are you going to do? Li Yuan, let me go!" Su Shi was shocked and stunned, but she couldn’t make a red satin bond, but strangely, no matter how he There is no pain in the wrist, and this is obviously what Li Yuan took from the props mall, which is used exclusively for this kind of thing.

"Let you open? Impossible!" Li Yuan tied Su Shi's wrist and tied his ankle. He said, "I will let you know what the secret escape is! You want to leave me, impossible! ”

Both hands and feet were tied, and Su Shi could only stand up like a salted fish. He rolled over: "Li Yuan, you... you are just a pervert! Even if you get my body, you can't get me. Heart!"

"Even if you don't get the aunt's heart, I have to get your body first!" After tying his hands and feet, Li Yuan began to pull Su's clothes very skillfully. "But Aunt finally noticed my attribute." I am very happy, if the aunt likes it, I can always do this in the future."

Su Shi thought about it seriously and felt that it was really exciting. Maybe he could play it occasionally. When he determined the idea, he found that he had been stripped.

It’s too bad to love someone. If you don’t agree with each other, you will be tied up. If you don’t agree, you will tear your clothes. The next thing will be more exciting.

"It seems that Auntie really likes this way, and it is already so spiritual." Li Yuan's fingers hooked on a very spiritual place in Su Shi, and the low laughter was particularly embarrassing.

Su Shi shoved herself up: "Bastard! This is just a normal physiological reaction! This is normal!"

"Yes, yes, Aunt said that everything is right." After tearing up Su Shi's clothes, Li Yuan began to take off his clothes slowly. The whole process proceeded slowly, and he couldn't help but swallow.

Suddenly unable to help himself, Su Shi couldn't help but growled: "Can you just push me to the bed, why are you still so slow?"

Li Yuan laughed and finally speeded up the speed of his hand. Soon the two of them completely frankly met each other. Li Yuan held Su Shi in his arms, and Su Shi immediately stunned.

Halfway through, Su Shi realized the problem and quickly forced himself to stop: "Li Yuan, you will let me go, I will not give in!"

"I clearly want you too, what is the mouth?" Li Yuan’s hand slammed on Su Shi’s back, causing the other person to tremble uncontrollably.

Su Shi endured the suffering of the body, seriously weighed the balance between physical needs and acting literacy, and then decisively chose the former. I really don’t blame him for not being determined. It’s really a thousand times for them to do this kind of thing. Not only, I have long been used to it, the running-in between the bodies is too perfect, and a few moves of the lover can make him surrender completely.

Su Shi smacked his responsibility and shoveled his responsibilities to Li Yuan: "Oh, even if I want it, I just want your body. It doesn't matter to you! Since you want to come, just point, see me. Don't drain you!"

Li Yuan’s nephew flashed, and the next moment he turned into a hungry wolf and threw down Su Shi.

When Su Shi finally recovered consciousness from the excessive shackles, it was already the morning of the next day. He carefully counted the number. Li Yuan actually took him eight times yesterday, and every time he did not pose. same!

The most hateful thing is that he actually deliberately tied his own with red satin in the process, it was so mad!

Su Shi screamed out of bed, but she felt so aching and could only lie in bed.

Li Yuan, who had already taken a morning shower, walked out of the bathroom and saw Su Shi’s picture of biting the pillow with anger and anger. He smiled and the acting was instantly on the line: “Isn’t I still thinking about running away yesterday? When I got to the bed, I became so enthusiastic, and I still stayed around me."

"Shut up!" Su Shi snorted Li Yuan, and he didn't mention too much sorrow. He shouldn't be mistaken by the beauty, otherwise he would not be so miserable. "I said, I am just for you." Interested in the body, you don't have to be passionate there! I tell you, I can never like you, and I can never go back with you, you still die this heart!"

"If you can't go back, you can't be you," Li Yuan snorted and stood at the edge of the bed and looked at Su Shi. "As long as I am still, you can never escape my palm, no matter where you flee, I will grab you back and lock it with you!"

"Perverted!" Su Shi mouth squatting, my heart is actually sweet, forced to play something, really good feeling, of course, last night's bundled play is also very exciting, just too many times, can give him exhausted.

Although the attitude of rebellion was very determined, Su Shi was easily suppressed by Li Yuan and forced to get up from the bed. Because yesterday's clothes have been torn, Li Yuan has only prepared clothing suitable for his size. Su Shi had no choice but to grieve himself wearing Li Yuan’s shirt.

Su Shi’s head has been shorter than Li Yuan, and he has no more muscles on his body. Therefore, Li Yuan’s clothes are really big for him, and the shirt can cover the thighs.

"Since you can cover your buttocks, don't wear pants." Li Yuan appreciated for a while after Su Shi wore his shirt, and made a second decision.

Su Shi is so angry that he jumped his feet: "Li Yuan, don't be too much!"

"I am afraid I will let you down, because I will be even more excessive." Li Yuan chuckled and took the Su Shi directly and walked out.

Because he only wore a shirt and there were other people outside, Su Shi did not dare to struggle. He could only bite Li Yuan’s neck with annoyance, but he was pinched a few times by the other side. The whole face was red. .

Su Shi hooked Li Yuan’s neck and said indignantly: “Li Yuan, even if you take me back, I will definitely escape again!”

Li Yuan’s eyes flashed slightly, and he said: “That’s right, I still have a lot of props that have not been used.”

Probably finally realized that he was definitely not the opponent of Li Yuan. Su Shi was stunned in Li Yuan’s arms, but his mouth was full of a smile.



Fanwai - Self-Made, Can't Get Out Of Bed

 [Three thousand worlds, intricate and standing, only one god, can control the destiny of the world, turn the world situation, is the main god.

Once the Lord God has selfish desires, the three thousand worlds will inevitably have great turmoil, countless worlds will collapse, countless people will suffer disasters, and the souls will be squandered, and no one will be spared. ]

Su Shi looked at the handcuffs on his hands and looked at the lover around him. His eyes asked brightly: "So you are the main **** who has moved your lust, and I am the one who makes you move your lust?"

"..." Li Yuan shook his head in a complicated way. "I am the next **** who saved the three thousand worlds. The former **** who moved the **** has been obliterated by me."

Upon hearing this answer, the brightness in Su Shi’s eyes slowly dimmed: “It turned out to be the case.”

"..." is obviously a domineering word, but under the reaction of Su Shi, Li Yuan feels that he seems to be moving his own desires and destroying the world, so that the lover can treat each other differently.

"So you just want to erase the previous god, you will make yourself so miserable, you have to exist in the world in the form of soul fragments?" Su Shi asked.

"...Yes, my birth stems from the self-protection of the Three Thousand Worlds, but the power of the Lord God is also not to be underestimated. After trying to kill him, my soul is almost broken, and only a few soul fragments can be broken. Dispersed in the world of three thousand, the power that depends on the world itself can continue to exist. But because of you, some of my soul fragments have been reintegrated, and I don’t have to remember the past, but only some instinct in the subconscious. Acting." Li Yuan felt that the direction of his conversation with the aunt was obviously a problem. Why did he say that he was not strong enough?

"Only instinct can be acted upon, so do you need to add IQ? As for the way of supplementing IQ, it is only a form of superficiality. It does not really affect the progress of the task. Is it right? I really didn't think of the unselfish master of the gods. Suddenly, I will do this kind of ugly thing," Su Shi touched Li Yuan’s head and looked at Li Yuan with a smile. "So, you are actually very poor, then we are not in the future." Still going to work in different worlds?"

According to the lover, although some soul fragments have been collected, the soul of the lover should still be incomplete, and it is necessary to slowly find the remaining soul fragments.

"...Yes." Sure enough, he should not take the initiative to show the master's hand to the aunt, and now everything is exposed!

"Nothing, I will wear it with you in the future, and you will not be bored," Su Shi thought for a moment, suddenly his eyes lit up. "Dear, the next world, we will stage a love and kill." Big play?"

"...Why do you want to love each other?" Li Yuan took back his thoughts. Some people didn't know what to look at Su Shi. Just after playing forced play, the lover would stage a movie of love and kill. Is it the previous one? Does the world's story let lovers open the door to a new world?

"Of course, it is because it will be very fun," Su Shi said with Li Yuan’s neck. "I am the guy with selfish desires. You are the selfless **** of the unselfish. Are you saying good?"

"Is it really necessary to play like this?" Li Yuan is still somewhat uncertain. He knows Su Shi too. Seeing his enthusiasm and his eyes shining, he knows that there must be conspiracy.

Su Shi continued to shake Li Yuan’s neck and took the initiative to kiss him on the lips: “Of course it is true, don’t you think that this setting is actually very interesting?”

The lover is so spoiled. Even if Li Yuan saw the tail of the conspiracy, he couldn't pull it out directly. He had to sigh and nodded. "That's alright."

"Then I will set up the plot now, because you are particularly impartial and selfless, no matter what you want, and I am particularly fond of fun, like to do a lot of bad things," Li Yuanyi said, Su Shi began Plan it, "So you must try to stop me, and I can't be tempted by me. Do bad things with me, do you understand?"

Li Yuan’s heart is not so strong, but since he has already promised it, he can only be fooled by his lover: “Okay.”

"So interesting story, or do we have a bet? If you can keep your own people and be a public, selfless, hopeless, positive person, even if you win, then what do you ask me? Promise, you can do whatever you want," said Su Shi, who deliberately handed Li Yuan a sly look and then continued. "But if you are tempted by me and do something bad, then I won. Then you have to listen to me."

When he heard the first half of the sentence, Li Yuan’s eyes brightened a bit, but when he heard the latter part of the sentence, he even felt that Su Shi must be planning something evil.

However, since the lover wants to play, he naturally has to accompany him to the end. This is also a small taste between the two.

"Okay, a word is fixed," Li Yuan agreed to come down and raised his own doubts. "But how to judge what I am doing is not a bad thing?"

"It depends on the rules of the world. I can't deliberately defile you in order to win, right?" Su Shi blinked intently.

"Yes." Li Yuan reached out and pinched Su's nose.

"But in order to maintain the mystery of this world, I think that setting the background should be done to the ball. What do you think?" Su Shi turned and turned, proposing.

Li Yuan had no objection to this, so the ball was summoned, followed by the follow-up, and the black eggs that were black and black.

After telling the detailed requirements, Su Shi pulled the ball aside and whispered a few words, then let him and the black egg set the world background.

The next day, Su Shi and Li Yuan both crossed into this new world, but this time they are mainly playful and do not need to do any tasks.

When Li Yuan opened his eyes, he found himself in a hall, looking down and wearing a white robe.

Since this is the world background set by the ball itself, Su Shi and Li Yuan's body are specially prepared. There is no such thing as the original subject, and naturally there is no relevant memory.

Li Yuan looked around and did not find a figure of a lover. Just outside, a young man dressed in a white robe was coming in outside.

"The lord, the gang of cults is really odious, they actually said that it is really reasonable to hold a blind date with our Qingxin League!" When the young people came in, they began to anger and sigh. "They put us in the heart." When we do something, we never talk about love, and we don’t have any physical contact with other people!"

"..." Li Yuan’s expression instantly split, what is the ghost of Qingxin League? Can't talk about love, can't have physical contact with other people, what kind of ghost?

Seeing that Li Yuan did not respond at all, the young man was anxiously saying: "The lord, now the cult leader is waiting outside, you are going to refuse him. His mana is so strong, if you accidentally meet our believers, then It’s bad!”

Upon hearing the identity of the demon leader, Li Yuan’s heart suddenly had an answer. He did not say a word to the young man and turned directly to the hall.

Soon, he saw a lover wearing a blushing robe and standing there calmly.

Li Yuangang wanted to speak, and he listened to Su Shi’s first step: “This is the ally of the Qingxin League. It’s a long time to go to the bottom. In the next Su Shi, it’s the demon leader. Today I’m coming to discuss with the lord.”

"..." Li Yuan was really shocked by Su Shi, who was dressed in a red dress, but he soon returned to God. "In the next Li Yuan, since it is necessary to discuss important matters, I also ask the Lord to talk in detail."

Who knows that Li Yuan’s words have just been finished, and the young man who came out behind him immediately yelled: “The lord must not be arrogant. My Qingxin League has always been inconsistent with the cult. How can the ally agree to his request? The members of the Qingxin League cannot be emotional, and it is even more impossible to have any physical contact with other people. How can we go to the vulgar meeting?"

Li Yuan felt that his forehead seemed to have an uncontrollably burst of blue veins. At the same time, he finally understood the evil taste of his own lover. This time it was reflected in it, and the plot he felt before was in another place. .

The members of the Qingxin League cannot even have physical contact with anyone, nor can they talk about love. Then, as the ally of the Qingxin League, may he have these rights?

Of course, the answer is no, so in this world background, if he wants to be a good person who is impartial and has no desire, he can’t have physical contact with his lover, and he can’t do some shame with him. Otherwise, he is equal to being tempted by a lover and losing a bet.

So in summary, the world is the lover used to hang himself?

Just as Li Yuan’s inferences in his heart didn’t know what to say, Su Shi smiled and said: “I know that Qingxin League’s requirements for the church are very strict and may not agree with my proposal, but I I still hope that the ally will be able to think about it. After all, some things are very happy to do. As long as they are legal and ethical, there is no need to exclude them, right?"

Li Yuan also felt that some things were really very happy to do, but he is now the ally of the Qingxin League. Once he agrees to this statement, it is equivalent to directly admitting defeat.

Once he admits to defeat, the lover can use this as an excuse to make a number of demands, such as not letting him sleep together, not letting him stay up all night, not letting him use various postures...

As soon as I think about it, Li Yuan feels a headache.

This is really a dilemma for him, because no matter which choice he makes, the result is the same, he will be ruthlessly smashed out of bed by Su, and lose many benefits.

Looking at his lover, he knew that he had fallen into the trap, but he couldn’t help it. Su Shi smiled slyly, but on the surface he was very considerate: "The lord does not have to make an urgent decision, you only be me. When I came today, I was visiting the door. I stayed here tonight, and the lord would not have any objection?"

Li Yuan has not responded yet. The young man standing behind him can't wait to open his mouth: "How can you stay here if you are a demon teacher? If you are thinking about the members of our Qingxin League, what should you do?"

"I will not be speculative about your church members, just..." Su Shi’s eyes fell on Li Yuan, but he did not finish the words deliberately.

Li Yuan’s heart is dying, and it’s impossible to refuse his lover. He can only sigh: “It’s rare for the leader to visit, and stay here today.”

So Su Shi lived next to Li Yuan. On the evening of the same day, he let the ball call Li Yuan and said that there was something to do.

As a result, when Li Yuan walked over, he saw Su Shi sitting in a white bath and seeing himself coming in. Su Shi also deliberately got up and greeted: "The lord is coming, I don't know if you took a shower. No? If not, can you make a bubble together?"

Li Yuan’s deep scorpion stared at Su Shi. He didn’t say anything, but he continued to stare at Su Shi while he was green, and began to take off his clothes slowly.

In this respect, Su Shi is best at making deaths. He doesn't feel scared when he sees it. Instead, he arrogantly puts his thighs out of the water and hooks up the hook: "The people of Qingxin League are pure-minded, But I know how to enjoy it, so it is really comfortable to soak in the water."

"It is very comfortable." Li Yuan walked toward Su Shi step by step, his voice was low and dumb.

"The ally will have to enjoy it," Su Shi put down his legs and began to stretch his arms. "So a good environment, just taking a shower together is actually a very good thing, isn't it?"

Li Yuan sat down beside Su Shi, and the two were close at hand, but there was no direct physical contact: "Sometimes, this may not be the case."

"Oh? What is the opinion of the lord?" Su Shi looked at Li Yuan with a smile.

Li Yuan just looked at Su Shi, did not speak, Su Shi also deliberately shook in front of Li Yuan, and then got up and walked to the bath: "It is not early, the lord still rests earlier."

"I don't know if the teacher has heard a word?" Li Yuan suddenly spoke at this time.

Su Shi stopped and turned to Li Yuan and smiled: "I don't know what is the famous saying?"

"Be yourself, you can't live." Li Yuan is a word and a word.

Su Shi inexplicably feels that there is some coldness behind her, but I think that they are still betting, Li Yuan should not touch him easily, and then he will let go of his heart again: "This sentence does have some truth. Is the lord saying himself?"

"No, I am talking about you." As he said, Li Yuan stood up directly from the water and strode to Su Shi.

"You, you, you..." Su Shi was shocked. Before he could retreat, Li Yuan took his waist and blocked his mouth. A word could not be spit out.

Until he was suffocated and breathless, Li Yuan let him go, but the hot palms still fell on Su Shi’s waist and slowly rubbed.

Su Shi forced for a moment, suddenly jumped his feet: "Li Yuan, do you know that you are the ally of the Qingxin League, can't touch anyone else? If you do this, you will have lost!"

"As a ally of the Qingxin League, I really can't touch anyone, but it doesn't include you." Li Yuan smirked, his eyes turned around in Su Shi's body with water drops.

Su is a stiff, inexplicable feeling that he seems to have become a person who jumped into the trap: "What do you mean by this?"

"In order to miss our past, this time I specifically told the black egg, let him set your identity as a fox, and it is a nine-tailed tiger demon," Li Yuan feels good to kiss the eyes of the dear, low laugh Dao, "So dear, you are not in the category of human beings. I will not lose if I touch you."

During the conversation, Li Yuan gently moved his fingers. Su Shi’s body slowly emerged with nine white fluffy big tails. It was shaken in midair, and it was very cute and reveals a little charm.

Li Yuan squeezed one of the foxtails and sighed with satisfaction: "It feels so comfortable."

However, Su Shi is not good for the whole person. It is really a foot high, and he is a tall man. He thought he must win the game. Who knows but he lost his identity. At this moment, he can only Angrily yelling at Li Yuan: "You are too shameless!"

"Thank you for complimenting," Li Yuan frowned, grabbed Su Shi’s waist directly, and slowly lifted his leg with the other hand. "I just watched it for a long time. Aunt’s legs are the most beautiful. ""

Su Shi’s lame, just crying and tears, he really is self-defeating, can’t live, knowing that his lover is so deceitful, he just shouldn’t do so many small moves in front of his lover: “You...you will be there later. Be gentle."

"Reassured, I will be very gentle," Li Yuan kissed Su Shi's eyebrows, and his hands began to move. "But I am afraid that you will not be able to get out of bed tomorrow."

"Hey..." What else can Su Shi say? Kill yourself, cry and try it out!

Sure enough, people who are self-defeating are destined to get out of bed!

[End of the text]
